 We bought the Mozart Magic Cube for our daughter 's first birthday . In concept , this toy is a great idea . However , both the sound quality and durability of the Cube is very poor . The sound is very tinny and sounds like it was produced by a cheap synthesizer rather than an orchestral instrument . Often when the toy is dropped during play -LRB- as a child is likely to do -RRB- , the cube stops playing and wo n't restart until it 's turned off and then on again . Sometimes the only way to get it to work again is to remove and reinstall the batteries . Save yourself some money and frustration and do n't buy this toy !
 This toy turned out to be so noisy that I never gave it to my child . It went straight in the attic . Frankly I was concerned it could damage my 10 month old daughter 's hearing.It says that it is for children of all ages , well certainly not for babies and toddlers who have their toys up close -LRB- even licking them -RRB- all the time . Perhaps when she is 3-4 years old , but certainly not now.Why on earth did the manufacturer not put a simple little button on it to control the volume ? I think this could have been a great toy , but as it is now it 's useless .
 Okay , my daughter really liked playing with this music cube . I do n't think there is much educational value for a 1 year old , but she loved pushing on the buttons to make it play . Problem is that after the batteries died , I replaced the batteries and the cube no longer worked . So I give it 2 stars for the poor quality of the electronics .
 I worked in the church nursery for over 4 years with this toy in one of the toyboxes available to the children . I never saw any of them properly engage with it . They 'd pull it out , bang it a couple of times -LRB- starting up 2 different sounds -RRB- and then get bored and crawl away . It was the one toy I knew I 'd never buy for my children .
 This cube is quite large and heavy for the age group that it is marketed at . The end result is , it will fall out of those little chubby hands . But apparently Munchkin never thought of that because ours broke after our daughter dropped it a few times . She did n't drop it out of her high chair or anything , she just dropped it while playing with it on the floor . What a waste of money . I strongly suggest avoiding this toy .
 I was so excited to get this for my 1yo , and it is a great toy ... My 1yo & 3yo love it . BUT it has an issue with batteries ! When it arrived -LRB- with included batteries in a `` try me '' box -RRB- , the batteries were dead . It 's not being played with at a rate that warrants having to change the batteries once or twice a week . When it begins getting low on power , the music sounds warped , like an old warped record , which is dreadful ! Perhaps we got a defective one . I do n't know . I hope this is n't happening to others .
 This was a Christmas present for my 9 month old . 8 months later it stays tucked in the toybox never to be played with . Maybe this would be better for a really young baby ? He plays with it for about 5 seconds then gets bored . My 3 year old was never interested in it . The music is pleasant , and it is durable .
 I appreciate the idea behind this musical toy , but it 's absolutely FRENETIC . Talk about toys creating passive , overstimulated babies ... this is a prototype . The quality of the sound is great , but to have the lights flashing in a strobe-like fashion certainly makes my baby look away immediately . I ca n't stand it myself .
 Most loud toys do n't bother me ... this one is the WORST toy ever . It 's so loud -LRB- no volume switch -- at least on my model -RRB- and it does n't stop . It ended up getting put away for good .
 our son loves anything that plays music and when we heard about this toy we went out and bought it . He was 15 months old then and did n't seem to like it . He pushed the buttons afew times but mainly it just sat . I bring it out every couple of weeks to show him how neat it is and it still does nothing for him . He is now 21 months old . He loves the leap frog drum and the phonics radio . ANd they were only 19.99 each not 34.99 . I would n't spend your money on this .
 I second the other reviewers who warn that this is a cheaped out version of the original Embryonics toy . I got this toy and while it is a great idea , the sound is so bad and OUT OF TUNE that I just could n't let my kids play with it . After reading the reviews saying that the old Embryonics version was better , I got one on ebay and in fact it was . Shame on Munchkin for taking a great toy , ruining it , and then riding on the coattails of the original toy . What 's more , when I called the company , they just told me to send it back at my own expense and denied that they had changed the innards of the toy . But I played it and the original one right after the other and the difference is obvious , and huge . Scary when a company that makes items for babies lies to you . I would have given zero stars if I could . I will never buy a Munchkin product again . Trust is everything in the baby business .
 Our three year old got this as a gift when she was a year old and never really liked it . We thought it was because she never liked electronic toys , much preferring to play with music toys in which she made the music -LRB- like the Little Tikes instruments . -RRB- Our one year old had always loved musical electronic toys , but she does n't like it either.Oddly enough , when we tried to change the batteries -LRB- the first time after about 2 1/2 years -RRB- the battery compartment broke and we had to throw it out anyway .
 The product is very fun for my daughter of 12 months , but the sound is so electronic that all of the selective instruments sound kind of the same . How hard would it have been to have actual recordings of instruments ? I guess they do n't have actual instruments in China .
 My children -LRB- an infant and a preschooler -RRB- like this toy -- but it is WAY too loud . I wish there was a way to turn the volume down . I 'd return this if I purchased it at a store , but it 's too much of a hassle to return this to amazon . So sad .
 I bought this toy on the recommendation of a blog . I wish I had read some of the bad reviews first . First off - my baby does like this toy a lot and it is the perfect height for him to lean on while learning how to sit . The problem is the non-adjustable volume . Considering this is a toy for a baby who has tiny sensitive ears , the volume is way too loud . It 's too loud for an adult product . I can hear it well from a different floor in the house . My son can ruin his hearing on his own when he 's a teenager - I 'm not going to do it for him with this toy .
 My daughter got this for Christmas when she was about 6 mos old . She rarely ever plays with it . She was slightly amused with this toy for a month or two . She never plays with it now . When she did show interest in it , it only lasted a few moments . The music does get a little annoying because my daughter liked it when all instruments would play at the same time . Nothing special about this toy and it 's loud . Would not recommend .
 I knew this thing wouldnt sound very good , I can accept that . Most all of these kind of toys sound like crap . What gets me is the violin is badly out of tune with the other insturments . Many a sour note . My son holds his ears when it plays all the insturments together . Otherwise its another piece of plastic that makes noise and passes the time . What do you expect for 20 bucks ? Want to get your child into music ? Get them a harmonica . My son plays all the time and passes on the cube .
 My son is now just over a year and has had this toy for about 6 months . I bought this because he loved the baby einstein take along tunes toy and thought this would be similar type music and activity . The sound is horrible ! Every instrument sound is extremely screechy . I am not sure if I just have a bad product , but I feel like I wasted my money on this .
 Have purchased this product a few years back and gave it as gifts to many babies . Now , however it is made by a different manufacturer than the original one and the sound is horrible , especially considering the price is not cheap . I noticed other reviewers felt the same way . The sound quality was so bad -LRB- and I am not a music geek so my standards were not unreasonable -RRB- that I could not give it as a gift without extreme embarrassment . None of the instruments sounded clear , but rather very tinny and CHEAP ! What a shame . This used to be a fantastic product . I 'll never purchase again .
 My 17 months old daughter dropped the cube on the floor after only playing with it for a day , and it broke and smoke came out of it . It is NOT SAFE for toddlers and babys to play with . DO NOT BUY !!! Fire Hazard !!!
 I purchased this for my one year old niece . It was great while it lasted -- for one day . The music was loud , clear . The toy is easy to use and fun to play with . The colors are great and quite attractive to toddlers.However ! it broke after ONE day of playing . My niece simply dropped it from her height , which is at most one feet ! After she dropped it , a strong plastic burning smell started to come from the cube . I immediately unscrewed the panel that covers the batteries , and removed the batteries.Now whenever I move the cube , I can hear something loose inside . This toy should not be of such poor quality if made for kids of `` all ages '' who could do all sorts of unimaginable things to it!Great toy , but TERRIBLE quality . I recommend spending your money on alternatives if you can find one.UPDATE
 Based on the mostly positive feedback , I purchased this cube as a birthday present for my son 's first birthday . He 's not even slightly interested in the sound ; my 4-year old pushed the buttons a few times , but complains that it 's much too loud - unfortunately you ca n't control the volume . It really is too loud . The 1-year old pushed the buttons twice , and got very close in order to look at the blinking light , but that 's it . The sound quality is also not the greatest , but it is a children 's toy , so I did n't really expect it to be any better . So , neither one of my children plays with it or is actually interested in it , and the biggest drawback is the lack of volume control , since the toy is way too loud . I 'm seriously considering returning it .
 This toy would be good if it were built to last . The touch pads that play the music when compressed are held in place by a tiny cheap piece of plastic . After only using the product a few times , one of the music cube coverings broke off . We also have carpeting -LRB- not hardwood floors -RRB- , so you can imagine how flimsy this is built to break on carpet.Very disappointed ! ... and Amazon 's return/exchange policy is terrible !! Buyer beware on this product .
 I am so glad I read the reviews and purchased the original Embryonics one instead of the one made by Munchkin . The sound difference is amazing . I 've heard the Munchkin one play in person and it sounds like it is dying and about to run out of batteries . Seriously save yourself some money and buy an original one -LRB- even if it 's used -RRB- . I got mine on ebay .
 I wish I could give this cube 5 stars ! If it were based on how much our twins adored the toy , I would definitely give it a better rating ! However , I feel the need to mention that we initially purchased this toy for our 6 + mos old twins and within a few months the battery cover cracked right next to the on/off switch , leaving the batteries easily accessible . Duct tape would not even keep the cover on securely , because the cover was under so much pressure from the batteries and springs underneath.When our twins were 1 1/2 we decided to put it on the Christmas wish list , because they both adored the first one so much . Much to our dismay , the exact same thing happened to the battery cover of the second one!What a huge disappointment ! Obviously this toy has a manufacturing defect and I can only hope that Munchkin fixes it for future production of the toy . The concept is excellent and our twins really did love it , especially our very musical little girl .
 This toy is the WORST INVESTMENT I EVER MADE !! Super expensive for the piece of crap it is . The sound is simply HORRENDOUS . It 's so out of tune it hurts ! And so LOUD !! There 's no lower volume setting . But it 's not just me who hates it . My son will look at the lights for a little while , and leave it . Not engaging at all . If you wa n't a musical toy , just get the Baby einstein take along tunes . He absolutely loves that one .
 We ordered this as it sounded like a wonderful toy . My mother comes from Vienna and I thought it would be wonderful for my twin 1-year-old grandsons to learn Mozart . However , this thing has blown over 10 batteries since the time it was purchased a few months ago , and Amazon is going to do nothing about it .
 Great toy in theory , but way too loud ! I bought it and as soon as I realized that there 's no way to control the sound I decided to return it . Would be a great toy if added volume control to it !
 It 's neat but my 18 month old son does n't like it much . He actually sometimes complains about it and wants me to just turn it off .
 The product is not as wonderful as I thought it was going to be . My son got tired of it very quickly . There is something about it that is simply lacking in entertainment value . Its very interesting the way the cube can isolate each particular instrument sound so that you can hear the songs played either with just a flute or the whole orchastra but my son who is just learning to appreciate music in general is not at all interested in that yet . Also , it does n't play very many songs . You would think something called the `` Mozart Cube '' would have a selection of Mozart .
 I had high expectations of this toy given the reviews here . Much to my disappointment , many of the instruments are notably out of tune , making it exquisitely unpleasant for anyone who has even a remotely musical ear . It is certainly not good for babies to be repeatedly bombarded with horribly off-pitch music . It is like nails on a chalkboard . Great idea - bad execution . Skip this one .
 We bought this for our 4 month old daughter because she enjoys music ; we then tried to pass it on to our 1 year old niece but she was n't impressed either . The recommended age group is 0-6 years old and that 's too big of a gap . The parents enjoyed it more than the kids . I would think that it should be for an older child , say 3 or 4 years old .
 This toy stopped working as our child was starting to enjoy it . It just stopped ! We tried new batteries , everything . Very disappointing .
 Purchased Magic Cube for 6 month old grandson in another state for Christmas . When we visited in January , Magic Cube no longer played music . Of course any paperwork was tossed with the Christmas wrappings . Amazon and Fischer Price wo n't take this non-working toy back without a re-stocking fee , etc. , etc. . If you insist on buying this item , READ THE RETURN POLICY FIRST .
 This is a great toy in concept , especially for classical music lovers . My infant received it for his first birthday and his older brother , now 7 y.o , enjoys it as well . Pressing the buttons on the side of the cube allows them to assemble -LRB- instrument -RRB- parts of the song and even create their own little orchestra . The cube plays a number of recognizable tunes and the sound quality is good.However , the toys that arrived in our house were all damaged before they arrived . The outer layer is a very fine strip of plastic and the first two or three -LRB- I do n't remember how many -RRB- that arrived were cracked and ready to splinter.Thin , sharp pieces of plastic or plastic splinters not good for babies , right?Amazon was quick to ship replacements , even without getting the original back , but I ended up returned at least two , maybe three . Think it was three . Sent two in one box together . Shipping paid by Amazon of course , but this was intended as my child 's birthday present . It was ordered about two or three wks before his first birthday and he got the final undamaged toy about a month AFTER his birthday . Big points Amazon.The packing on this particular item was HORRIBLE ! One air bag in an oversized box so this thing got banged all over tarnation . Big points again Amazon .
 Can not review , product was never received . Postal department was to contact you with forms .
 I am extremely disappointed in this toy . I spent a few months trying to find it , and was so excited when my mother finally found it on eBay . I quickly paid slightly more than the going price for the cube , but I did n't care , since the outstanding reviews it received made it seem well worth it.Unfortunately , the toy proved me wrong within 10 minutes of arriving at my house . I started by playing each instrument separately , going for the violin first . I quickly realized that the track was actually a horrible synthesized violin - EW . To add insult to injury , the track was flat in some places , sharp in others . My husband thought it would sound better with all of the instruments playing , and maybe it would n't sound flat relative to the other instruments , but no - we then discovered that the tempos are all completely off . The flute is too slow , the harp is too fast , and the piano track is about the only track that actually sounds somewhat correct , in terms of the intstrument it 's supposed to be and the song it 's supposed to be playing . To the reviewer who said the cube made him shudder everytime it turned on , I completely sympathize . It makes your skin crawl!Right now , my husband is pulling the cube apart to see if maybe he can tweak it to make it play a little better , but I 'm convinced this was a complete waste . It 's a sin , because my son absolutely loves the flashing lights and the music , and hitting the different buttons to bring the different pieces of an ensemble together , but I refuse to let him play with a toy that encourages rushed tempos and flat notes . Save your money , and pick up one of Mozart 's CDs . Better yet , pick up the Baby Einstein Mozart CD ; the Baby Einstein Orchestra uses simple sounds to recreate Mozart 's most popular movements that make it easier and more enjoyable on baby 's ears . And , they 're actually in tune!To the lot of people who rated this toy with 5 stars , perhaps you need to head back to elementary music class . Do n't waste your money , unless you want to teach your child about rushing tempos and flat notes with disgusting , synthetic sounds .
 I purchased this toy for my nephew , and he loved it . The only issue is that one day it just caught fire . They were not at home , when they arrived the fire alarm was going like crazy , and smoke all over the house . The toy was completely melted and it left a square hole in the table . It was the only thing on the table so definitely the source of the fire was the toy . They were lucky that the table did n't caught fire ... otherwise it could have been a complete disaster . They had to leave the house for 2 days until the smoke and plastic smell was completely gone.I would never but this brand again .
 Well , we received the Cube in a battered box and found that the device functioned marginally . The carrier may have dropped a piano on it or something . It appears to be an adequate toy but far too expensive . The sound / instrument quality is actually quite good . The build , design and aesthetics are so so , but again , the expense is unjustifiable . We will be returning ours because of its condition -LRB- one button remains constantly depressed and no sound comes from it unless rattled vigorously -RRB- . The damaged goods status gives us a good reason to return this sub par , high cost toy . There are alternatives out there for a better return on your toy budgetary investments .
 i bought this toy for my two handicapped sons who love music -LRB- unfortunately not from amazon -RRB- while on a trip to the states . when we got home and tried it the toy did n't work at all , we have never even gotten one sound out of it . we emailed embryonics several times and they never replied , so naturally neither we nor my sons are impressed by this toy
 We were given this product for a gift - from our wishlist - for our , at the time , 12 month old daughter . She loved it , and carried it around everywhere . One day , she dropped it . She was 29 inches tall . It was in her hands and fell no more than 15 inches . It broke . Saddened , we contacted the CS department to see about getting it fixed . We were told too bad - it fell.So , basically , a toy made for young children ca n't fall any distance , and was not under a warranty because of the fall and would not be fixed . Therefore , I will never buy anything from this unrealistic company again . If you make kid 's toys , you might want to make them kid durable .
 I do n't really understand all these rave reviews -- 3 year old touched this once and since then this toy has been left in the corner . The 3 year old has a ton of toys and this toy simply does n't match up . I suppose if you only have one toy , kids might play with it ; otherwise do n't waste your time . The buttons are not easy to push and the music is boring . Sounded like a great concept , but was a waste of money .
 There are a number of stiff plastic wires connecting the toy to its packaging that are extremely difficult to remove . I 'd recommend against buying this for that reason alone . Not suitable for use by a child until they 've been carefully pried out .
 This toy while interesting in its approach to presenting the sound of various instruments , is annoyingly loud . Unfortunately there is no volume control , so you either listen to it at full volume or not at all . Sorry I bought it . Also the size of the cube it rather large for a young child .
 My daughter played with an Embryonics version of this toy and she really liked it . The sound was great and it was entertaining . I decided to order one since she enjoyed it so much and I found that there is a HUGE difference between the original version and the one they sell now . I had read the reviews on Amazon about the poor sound quality and I thought `` how bad could it really be ? '' It 's AWFUL . It is so out of tune that the batteries sound like they 're dying even though they 're not . I returned it immediately . If you can find an original Embryonics Mozart cube , get that instead as it is far superior to the Munchkin version .
 The cube has a poorly made on/off switch and is placed too close to the edge of the battery cover . The battery cover is also poorly made and breaks easily . The batteries it came with were dead on arrival . The wires attaching the cube to the packaging were difficult to remove and required pliers . Other than that , it seems like a fun toy .
 you can tell by the review dated 11 years ago what the quality had to have been when it was first issued by Embryonics , and probably the reason people keep buying it -LRB- like me -RRB- . This is a cheesy fake . Harsh , tinny and way-too-loud sounds do n't even resemble the instruments they are supposed to represent , and they all sound alike . I bought this for a baby gift but I have a feeling the parents are not going to appreciate it or let their baby have it on more than a couple minutes at a time because it is about as irritating as fingernails on a blackboard . It would n't be quite as bad if it had a volume control to turn it way down but one song will be anyone 's limit . I guess they can remove the batteries and let it be a VERY expensive block toy ! SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 Sad that I had to to go Amazon reviews to figure out how to get the wires out of the cube . Used some pliers but as I pulled the wires out some of the plastic casing around the wires was stripped off and will forever be entombed within this God-forsaken cube .
 My baby daughter got this as a gift . I thought it sounded terrible and it scared her . I might have hung onto it to see if she would grow into it , if it were n't so loud . It 's so loud , I was worried it would damage her hearing while she was holding it close enough to play with it . I returned it , and bought her aLamaze Mortimer the Moose , which she loves . It makes nice jingling , crinkling , and squeaking sounds .
 Got this as a gift and love the idea but it is poorly executed . It is super loud , there is no volume control and it is glitchy .
 Purchased this because my 16 month old son loves music and this product has amazing reviews . Gave it to my son for Christmas and he is completely uninterested in it ... I am disappointed
 I found this item to be very disappointing . For one thing it 's much too large and heavy for a baby to pick up and handle , although it may just be that my baby is too young for this toy at 7 months . The real issue I have with this toy is that the sounds it makes are just horrible . Off key , electrical sounding `` music '' is layered together to create a loud , jumbled , unpleasant sound that makes me want tear my hair out . This is not the learning toy I expected , coming from a family of musicians I 'm going to say that this toy offers absolutely nothing for a child 's musical development . If you want your child to have a love and understanding of music , listen to classical , jazz or other complex music with them . If you want a toy that will benefit your child musically , give them a xylophone to play with . It 's simple and fun , and will always produce a perfect tone .
 I do n't usually review items on Amazon - mostly because I agree with the star system that is in place . This item had quite a discrepancy between the stars received and how few I would give it.As many people have mentioned , you really need to be tone deaf to enjoy this cube . I thought the others complaining about the off-tune music were just music snobs that had a fun time at `` band camp '' - but this is n't true ! I 'm about as forgiving as possible when it comes to kids toys -LRB- and did n't go to `` band camp '' -RRB- , but I found myself replacing the batteries trying to make it sound better.There is some kind of tone shift mid-note that I would only expect from a product that is out power . Do yourself a favor and find something else . I give it two stars mostly because as a cube it keeps my 11 month old occupied for a few minutes a day without breaking into small choke-hazard pieces . That 's where the praise stops .
 I bought this cube for my 14 month old daughter and was really excited for her to play with , as she loves music . This cube stopped working withing a week ! and did not work even after i changed the battery . Oh , it gets better . . the return for this product is just 5 days from the day it ships ! I think the company knows the crappy product it is manufacturing and wants to cover all its bases . Really a shame . . as the product is really nice ... the quality and the return policy must be improved . It is putting me of against all the munchkins products .
 It had a lovely sound and I enjoyed it , but usually the baby did n't have much interest . And despite its low level of use , it stopped working entirely before it was a year old .
 My kids -LRB- 5 and 16 months -RRB- both adore this toy and it keeps their attention for a long time . It 's also extremely durable , much to my chagrin . Unfortunately it has no volume control and it 's so obnoxiously loud that I have to leave the room when they play with it . I also wish it had better sound quality - I 'd prefer them to hear real music with real instruments . I plan on smuggling it out of the house when they 're not looking .
 The MUNCHKIN Mozart Magic Cube is a poor-quality copy of the original EMBRYONICS Mozart Magic Cube.My guess is that Munchkin bought out the rights to this toy from the original manufacturer , which went out of business , then `` redesigned '' it more cheaply . While keeping the overall shape and function the same , they changed the outside colors , and the inner workings as well.My older son received an Embryonics version in 2004 , and we all loved it dearly until its battery cover broke . My younger son received the Munchkin version as a replacement gift , and we have all been sorely disappointed . The sound quality is horrible -- the Munchkin cube sounds squeaky , tinny , and ridiculous , especially compared to the Embryonics version -LRB- which was n't perfect , but much , much better -RRB- . You can still find the older Embryonics version online . It has all yellow sides , the buttons are printed with different colors , the edges and corners are all purple , and it has the name `` Embryonics '' printed above `` Mozart Magic Cube . '' I found used ones and a `` new '' one -- it was in Munchkin packaging , but was the old version as described . Look closely for the name `` Embryonics '' on the cube.Shame on Munchkin for cheaping out and ruining a great toy , then coasting along on the great reviews and reputation of the original -LRB- notice that most of the favorable reviews of this product are several years old -- they are for the Embryonics version -RRB- . If you ca n't find an original , skip this one .
 Length :
 Please save your money and do n't buy this product . The majority of good reviews were made long ago when this toy actually had decent build quality . The model that 's been shipping since 2009 is questionable at best . My toddler played with it only a few times before it stopped working . We 've received zero help from manufacturer . It 's unfortunate they switched to cheaper components as this was a promising toy .
 Do n't buy this for your children unless you want them to have nightmares . The sound changes pitch all the time , kind of like a music box with a broken spring . Good for making a soundtrack to a horror movie , bad for children .
 Although our special needs grandchild can hit the squares to produce music and puts his ear to the cube , the sounds are poor . We thought the batteries were weak but replacements did not change the sound . Sorry we did not return it .
 I often see the music cube listed as a top toy for a 1 year old so it was on my child 's birthday list . It 's too loud , no volume control and we have other musical toys that I would consider better quality and better value for your money .
 I absolutely hate this cube .1 -RRB- The flashing lights are insane . When you push one of the large musical buttons , the light flashes in time with the music . Cute for about one second . Then the music 's tempo picks up and you are staring at a flashing light . I seriously feel like I 'm going to go cross-eyed and have a seizure . Also I do n't think that my 14 month old son gets any benefit from sitting and looking at a flashing light .2 -RRB- The music is staccato , tinny , high-pitched and metallic . I can handle maximum one minute of it before wanting to throw it across the room .3 -RRB- The cube plays one song . You can push the buttons to add other musical instruments , but overall it 's one song.My son likes this cube , but we restrict his play because he really gets no benefit from it . He has no idea which musical instruments are which and so for him it 's only about pushing buttons for the flashing lights.Don ' t buy it ! Buy the Busy Basics Ball Train , which has great music and no lights . I recommend that one instead of this product.Busy Basics Busy Ball Choo-Choo
 I seem to be more interested in this toy than my 8 month old . There are lots of beautiful songs and the music is very high quality for an electronic toy . It 's too bad my son does n't like to play with it , because the music is so much nicer to listen to than any of his other toys !
 I really wish I had heard the Mozart Magic Cube prior to buying it for my daughter . The intonation and distortion are just nasty , and no one of any age should have to be subjected to it . It 's really too bad , because conceptually the toy is a good idea . But the violin is really flat , and sounds particularly awful when played along with the flute.I also think it 's sad that a music teacher mentioned in one of the other reviews gave this as a gift . It illustrates the state of music education in America.If you want to buy your child something good , buy CDs of Mozart and real instruments to play along with it -- maracas , drums , whatever . Even if an electronic instrument is in tune , it 's much more passive than something physical , natural , and acoustic .
 Shows different musical instruments so baby can experience either each instrument on its own or combined with others . However munchkin did a bad job with packaging using wires to secure box to package . Wires are attached to internal part of cube and not possible to remove . Had to cut , could not pull out so had to push remnant wire into cube . One wire got stuck and may poke my child . Think will throw the cube away as it is a safety hazard .
 The musical sounds do n't sound like the real instruments , they just sound like a cheap toy . Also , I thought each instrument would play its own melody , how it would in a real orchestra . For example , the horn would play the background , the flute a lighter melody , then all the instruments would combine to create the true melody when the orchestra button is pressed . But really , each button plays exactly the same notes except with a different instrument . I was really disappointed , and my daughter prefers the music buttons from her Tiny Love Activity Center . The ones on that toy are really neat .
 I was disappointed in this toy . When playing two or more of the instruments , the music was usually out of synchronization . Plus , it was too difficult to select the song you wanted to hear . Great idea , bad execution .
 Buyer beware ! My 16-month-old received this toy as a gift from my mother-in-law and of course loved it - the one time my husband and I let him play with it . What parent needs to lose his or her sanity over a toy ? ... Whereas some musical toys have volume control or only play for few seconds , the Mozart Magic Cube blares at one solitary volume level and plays the ENTIRE sonata before it shuts off . It 's like the Energizer Bunny
 I love this however the battery cover has broke in the same spot on 2 cubes that I have . With it broke the cube will no longer work because it ca n't hold the battery connection and it could cause harm to a baby if the batteries pop out .
 We purchased the Mozart Magic Cube for our third daughter 's second birthday . Our other children had one which has since worn out with use . Munchkin has purchased the rights to this toy from another company and it is completely lacking in the quality of the original toy . The original version had full sounding music which was a joy to listen to . The Munchkin version sounds ` tinny ' and can get on your nerves rather quickly . The sound quality is extremely disappointing .
 The `` cube '' that was shipped as a gift stopped working after the first battery change . I was unaware of this defect and the gift recipient was too polite to bring it my attention until my visit to their premises a few weeks ago . Munchkin dutifully applied the standard trick argument that the warranty had expired ! There is no written warranty anywhere but Munchkin has fooled me for the last time and for a paltry sum of $ 20 !! Shame on Munchkin !!!
 Although the concept is an intriguing and potentially enlightening one for an infant/toddler , the implementation leaves a lot to be desired . As a musician and engineer , I acquire and test out many toys claiming to enrich a child 's musical tastes/abilities , etc.As a musician , the sound this cube produces is so terrible , I shudder every time I hear it . When I first heard it , I immediately thought the batteries were dead and changed them , only to discover that brand new batteries made no difference whatsoever . My 11 month old son pressed the buttons eagerly to see what would happen , frowned , and then quickly pressed them again to make it stop and pointed at the CD player from which there is almost always some sort of music playing ! He by far prefers a CD or even an MP3 , so this toy has now been abandoned . The distinction between the different instruments is very slight . My violin sounds nothing like this supposed violin sound . The rest of the instruments do not resemble their real counterparts very much either , and even the intonation is not exact.As an engineer , I know that even the simplest synthesizers and even the most terrible audio compression algorithms produce better audio quality . Why could n't the engineers of this toy make this sound better ? If anything , I would think the audio auality of this toy would put a musically oriented child off of music entirely . For this price you can buy a better electronic keyboard and play with truly different sounds with your little one.As for selection , aside from a few obvious ones that are acceptable , there are numerous more interesting and more familiar pieces composed by Mozart . I 'd love to know who chose these pieces and why.So far , this toy has mostly been thrown around . As such , it has not yet broken , though I too have experienced the need to turn it off and on again in order to get it to function `` properly '' again.So , I would wait for a new version of this toy to come out with considerably better electronics before buying . Or , at the very least , listen to it at the store before you buy it to see if you can stomach the sound yourself .
 This is horrible . After spending most of my life studying music I am sad to say that this will ruin any child 's ear for music if they have one . I thought it was just ours that always sounds out of tune and like a dying cow , but it is n't . The movie preview is n't much better than the one in our home . It has a bit more rhythm.After having this toy for over a year I am ready to throw it away if it were n't such a great book end . It is somewhat heavy and has rubber stoppers great for your child 's book shelf.Feel free to replace and buy new batteries the results will always be the same . The directions state that if that happens you should turn it off wait a few seconds and turn it back on again . This never once fixed the problem . Since this problem is noted in the instruction manual the company wo n't do anything about it unless you are the original purchaser with the receipt . Ours was a gift.Good luck with this toy . I have moved on to find ones worth my time that wo n't disable my child 's musical talent .
 Do n't take my word for it , listen to the video clip on this sitel The sound is pretty horrible . I 'm not sure how this is going to teach a baby to identify the sounds of the instruments featured , which is the purported goal of this toy . I 'm sure that baby will have fun making the cube play sounds and pressing buttons , but to whose benefit ? Yours ? Hers ? I think neither . If you have any interest in having baby learn the instrument sounds , check out a dvd for babies called Trebellina , which teaches the instrument sounds , note reading , and pitch . It is pretty amazing . I think the instruments are largely digital on there , but only a highly trained ear would know it .
 I was originally excited about this toy , but there are a few things I was disappointed about , mostly the lack of any volume control . It 's either off or on , that 's it ! I think it 's WAY too loud ! It 's also a little bigger and bulkier than I imagined . I definitely like the concept , I just think there are a few major improvements that need to be done !
 This is a totally cool product ... for the parents . By the time the small child this is designed for could possibly appreciate what the toy teaches , he/she would be at least 5-10 years old and by then , the toy still requires patience . This is just a good idea that ca n't quite reach the audience it hopes too . I still like the toy , but sadly , it 's just not for babies . -LRB- And I 'm a musician with a broad mind for what my little one can understand -- this is just too advanced . -RRB- Munchkin Mozart Magic Cube
 Munchkin Mozart Magic CubeThe older version of this toy had much better songs and in addition to that it 's so hard to enjoy playing with this because it 's painfully loud . Ridiculously loud .
 This item is extremely overpriced for what you get . The sound is awful and the song selection is limited . The instruments sound nothing like they would in `` real life '' and , for the price , they should . I 'm a big fan of Neurosmith products -LRB- too bad they 're O-O-B -RRB- . If you can find them through other outlets -LRB- eBay , Overstock -RRB- - and are looking for products that truly represent what music should sound like - check them out -LRB- a few recommendations - Sunshine Symphony , Pet Me Platypus ... or the music blocks -RRB- . Overall , a good idea but poor delivery - improve on the sound quality .
 Received a item that seems to be used for a long time.Its outward condition was bad as if it were used for a long time.if it 's the new one , because of its improper package seems it to be old and used.I do n't recommend this to anyone now .
 Too loud . Too hard . Buttons do n't depress easily or distinctly . My 6 month old has fallen headfirst onto the cube and has cut her forehead and chin and jaw on the hard -LRB- ! -RRB- unpadded edges . The corners have sufficient covers but why not the edges between corners ??? Buttons require too much strength to push for a 6 month old . She can sometimes manage it her feet if cube is braced against other object . Definitely NOT for under 1 year olds . Battery replacement requires screwdriver.Munchkin Mozart Magic Cube
 i do n't understand all the fuss about this toy . my daughter has had it since she was 6 months -LRB- now 1yr -RRB- , and she and her playmates ignore it completely . she much preferred the learning drum which at least involves more than pressing one button . although i see , from the other reviews , that we are in the minority - for us this toy was a waste .
 This toy is LOUD and has no volume control . I think the reviews are all paid for or something , it 's not interesting at all .
 This toy has almost zero articulation , and is made of very hard plastic . The pop-out claw feature on one of his arms did n't work on mine . The `` x-ray machine '' accessory is n't all that great either . Bad toy .
 I ordered this airport for my 4.5 year old son for Christmas . Assembly took at least a half hour , and the ramp kept falling apart . It is cheaply made and not a very sturdy toy . Also , the fold up case is kind of ridiculous since you have to take the airport almost completely apart to fold it up and then you have to re-insert the carrying handle . My son LOVES the airport and does not want me to return it , but he is often frustrated with it since it falls apart continuously . The biggest disappointment is that the set did not come with all the items described . The product description states that : `` It also comes with a United airplane , seven ground support vehicles , and six accessories . `` We did not receive these items and when I emailed the company to ask them to send me the pieces we did not receive , they replied by sending me a copy of their return policy . I wrote again and clearly stated that I did not want to return or exchange the set , I just wanted the items that I paid for , yet did not receive . I am still waiting for a reply and that was over a month ago . Do n't buy this toy . Check out the Playmobil items or Plan Toys - they are much sturdier .
 Our son -LRB- 5yrs -RRB- asked for this toy for Christmas after we looked together on Amazon . It is basically just non-usable as all you do is try to piece it back together . The quality is awful -- ie , there is a ` ramp ' for cars to go up and down and it will not stay together . The pieces do not even `` click '' together -- they just continue to fall apart . I would never purchase this toy again nor recommend it to friends . The stickers that are to decorate the portions of the airport do n't stay on . The item appears to ` fold up ' into a case but it does n't even do that . He is so disappointed and it was extremely expensive . It is also a tiny toy and the photos make it appear large . I would never buy this again ... we even bought several airplanes -LRB- the 7 $ models -RRB- to play with this toy and though they are small planes , they are too big for use along with it !
 `` Santa '' bought this toy for my son who is in his Airplanes and Airports phase . This received decent reviews so I purchased it . There are several structural problems and coordination problems in using the car elevator , namely a 7 year old does not have the coordination to simultaneously lift the ratcheting car lift with one hand while keeping all the accoutrements on the top of the airport so they do n't fall and scatter . He grew frustrated , and after watching him try several times , I wanted to throw the silly thing out the window for him . The airport itself is very tiny , the runway non existent and the only way to hold all the little cars and trees and suitcases and every other little thing is to store them . Which is impossible since everything comes crashing out when the ratcheting car lift is used .
 We were searching for an airport playset for my four and a half year olds Christmas list . There are n't many reasonably priced sets that have also received good reviews . We decided to go with this one.Mistake . The set is very cheaply made . The pieces all come off very easily . I tried gluing most of it together and instead the pieces just broke under a bit of pressure.It 's a shame because my son really likes having an airport but this toy is just too unreliable and fragile to recommend purchasing .
 I have to agree with the other poster This toy is utter junk - like every other Paris Mfg product I have purchased . -LRB- I guess I never learned by lesson -RRB- . Caps get stuck inside the toy . If they do n't jam-up then only about half-fire . Wow ! When they do go off - you ca n't really hear anything because the cap is being fired inside a sealed enclosure . Snap your finger to a louder sound . Very disappointing .
 After seeing the ad for these for 2-3 years , I decided to buy 2 of them for kids , thinking they 'd be able to race them . Not a good idea , as they both work on the same frequency and can not in fact use them in the same place at the same time independently . Additionally , they do n't charge simply and they lose their charges quickly . This was NOT a solid purchase and we were all quite disappointed . In hindsight , I ca n't believe this toy won awards !
 I bought this car for my 5 year old son for Christmas . I wanted something that could run in the back yard without getting caught up in grass . My son and husband were both eager to try it out in water . Unfortunately , due to it 's ridiculously short range - 5 feet max ! - and no more than ten minute battery life , we have n't yet had the chance to test that claim . Silly me thought we simply got a bad egg , so I sent in for a replacement not once , but twice . Before our second replacement , Amazon conducted an investigation and found nothing wrong . We received our third vehicle that had the exact same issues as the first two . Inside or out , my son has to almost walk on top of it to stay in range , and the battery consistently dies before he can even warm up to it ! I do n't even bother keeping it charged anymore , because he does n't like to play with it . When it does run , it works great it the grass , which is the ONLY positive thing I can say about it . Love the look of it , and it would have been awesome if it did what it claimed to do . What a waste of money .
 this was a great deal when I placed the order but received a used one from amazon . I can clearly see scratches and dirt all over the toy . I been a loyal customer for 5 years and could n't believe what I got then . Anyway I did n't get a chance to play it because it was too dirty , returned it next day after unboxing .
 Fun toy but after running about 5 minutes it constantly stops responding . I have to turn the system off and turn it back on to get it to respond . It is fun to drive and my 4 year old son has a great time with it but he is constantly having to turn it off and back on to get it to work .
 I purchased 5 of these for my grandchildren so they could race on our pond behind our house . They could not race because all of them worked on the same remote ! So now I have 5 Komodo Dragons that have to be used 1 at a time . Also the battery is very hard to install .
 This car has a working range of about 12 feet max . Anything past that and it will not reverse , which means it can not turn either -LRB- given the controls for turning -RRB- . Really past 8 feet the car starts to lurch even going forward , on a fully charged battery . A full charge lasts about 20 minutes . Others have complained about the battery compartment , its not that bad but I did have to find a consistent system to get the batterry in/out without a flathead screwdriver -LRB- you 'll already need a phillips to open the case -RRB- . You 'll definitely need that since you 'll be charging every 20 minutes and a charge takes 4 hours . Also , its undercarriage is so low to the ground , the big , rutty tire have an actual clearance of about an inch . Seriously . It can not climb over small thresholds , sticks , pinecones , etc. . I have not tried it in water . I might do a video scathing video review if the company does not offer some type of refund . I think that if I showed you how UNfun this is , sales would be zero .
 I bought this for my 7 year old . Overall the this RC car is a lot of fun for outdoors driving and is virtually unbreakable.The negative is that the rechargeable battery has to taken in and out every time it has to be charged . This would not be such a problem but you have to unscrew the top and wiggle the battery in and out of a very cramped space . For a 7 year old this is a problem and I have to be around for this . Which leads to another problem ; the battery has to be charged 4 hours for 20 minutes of play time . This is very cumbersome and my son has slowly lost interest due to the short playing time and the difficulty of charging the battery.Next time I would buy a 30 dollar RC car that can be charged directly with the power cord .
 I have been searching for a durable , sturdy and easy to use remote control car for my 2 boys and thought I had found it in this one . Wrong !! Although noted by several other reviewers , I did n't realize how significant these 2 downsides to the car were ... They practically make the car unusable after the 1st couple of times .1 st , the battery life is terrible ! I read some users talk about 20 minutes . How about 10 min . at best !! Massively disappointing to have the battery die before the kids are even warmed up playing it ! 2nd , the battery is extremely difficult to pull out and charge ! If you are going to make a battery with terrible battery life , then at least make it easy to plug in and charge . Please note ! You must have a screwdriver to get this battery out . You must remove the outside case , open the inside case , pull the battery out , unhook it , plug it into a wall charger , wait a couple of hours , and then reassemble the silly thing . You pretty much have to jam the battery and the accompanying wire into the battery holder . Children can not do this easily ! Thus , the parent will have to oversee the entire process.This is unfortunately not a toy you can hand off to any kid under 13 or 14 and expect him to manage it by himself . An adult needs to deal with the battery and given it dies so fast , it just ai n't much fun.When it is running , the car is awesome . It 's sturdy , it 's pretty fast for its size , it turns very well . However , the developer of the battery aspect of this car should be fired . It makes the car about 80 % less fun .
 I bought this car for my 4 year old son thinking that it would be great fun for him to play . It is fun only if the battery life lasts long . The battery life is very very short . There is no point in charging for hours together for few minutes of play . The battery compartment is very difficult to deal with and it is quite hard to fix the battery into the compartment . Iam sure it will get damaged after few times of operating . Overall it is not user friendly . The car is quite heavy but the plastic with which the car is made is not that durable . My son used to get disappointed when the car wo n't work as the battery charging was done . And finally I had to return it off .
 I purchased this for my grandson . When the first one arrived I installed a battery in the remote control and moved the power switch from OFF to ON . The red LED immediately above the switch did not illuminate . I re-read the user manual and found no indication that the LED should remain dark . Using a DVOM I measured full battery voltage at the battery contacts . Assuming that the control would not function , I asked for and received a replacement.When the replacement arrived I installed a battery in the remote control , moved the switch to ON and the LED remained dark . Again I read the manual and found nothing about the LED and when it should illuminate . I decided to charge the vehicle battery and test , hoping that maybe everything but the LED would work . I really wanted the LED to illuminate when the power switch was on so that my grandson would remember to turn off the power . Much to my surprise , the LED illuminated when either or both of the control sticks were moved in either direction and the vehicle appeared to function as it should.My grandson was thrilled with the vehicle , especially because it could run in the water . While watching him drive it around the driveway within 30 feet of himself , I noticed that sometimes the wheels would stutter and then finally run at full speed . Also , sometimes when the vehicle was more than 20 but less than 30 feet away , when he stopped it and then attempted to have it move again it would not respond until he moved the remote control within 10 feet of the vehicle . I could not find a range of operation value in the manual , but this is much too short , especially when one has the vehicle in the lake!I requested a replacement for the replacement and found it to have the same problems as the first replacement . I am now returning it for a refund .
 We bought one of these for our kids for Christmas . It 's a great toy that they had a lot of fun with . By February , it stopped working , after not a lot of use . The lights would come on but the unit would n't move . I contacted the company and they sent a new unit , which we received in March . Again , after not much use , the unit has become paralyzed ... lights on but nobody 's home . This would be fantastic if it would just keep working .
 After researching many different entry level RC cars I decided on this one and it was a big mistake . This car is poorly designed and cheaply built . Low ground clearance and weak motors cause this thing to get constantly stuck . Watch the video closely and you 'll notice it 's going downhill on relatively smooth terrain . The amphibious part works great as long as the water is calm because the top of the car is not sealed and water will get into the electronics . Battery life is extremely short -LRB- 5-10 mins . max -RRB- The battery is also a pain to change . You do n't even get full use of the battery power as once it starts getting low the remote will just stop working . I purchased this for my 5yo son who now wo n't play with it due to these issues . I see the price has come down -LRB- I paid $ 90 w/shipping -RRB- . If you are looking to buy an RC car for your child spend a little more money and buy something of better quality .
 Once again my child is left upset due to another cheap toy . The battery went dead after only 15 minutes and the screw holding the battery cover stripped out first try . This is another cheap import . Certainly not worth $ 70 .
 This is a fun little toy for land use only ! I do not recommend for water use . I bought this for my son for Christmas and within three days of mixed land and water use the unit started acting erratically and ultimately just quit working . I sent it back for a replacement . Again , within days the unit lost power in one of its two motors and only works intermittently . This time I returned the unit for a refund . When it comes to water , this product is not ready for prime-time . Until Morphibians find a way to make this toy truly amphibious , I strongly suggest spending your money elsewhere .
 Toy is fun when batteries work ; battery life is very short . I have 2 of these -LRB- one for each of my boys -RRB- and the battery life is horrible on both cars . Also , fitting the battery pack into the compartment is very difficult . Similarly , putting the battery in the remote is very difficult and may result in breaking the compartment .
 The one star rating comes from the fact that my son and I have not been able to play with the car yet . I may update this review once a new car arrives , but for now , right out of the box , the vehicle does nothing . Battery is fully charged or at least I think it is ; there is no indication on the charger that it is actually charging other than it gets warm . So , you have to charge the battery , per the instructions , for 5.5 hrs before first use . Not a big deal because that is typical of these types of electrical systems , however , when we plugged the battery in to the car for the first time after initial charge , the vehicle 's lights came on but no movement whatsoever when the control levers were operated . Hopefully this one is a fluke and the next one will not have the same issues . One interesting thing to note is that these vehicles are no longer on the kid galaxy website , I will be asking why when I talk to customer service today to get a replacement vehicle .
 I bought a Chub City toy like this , it was the Hummer version . I installed the batteries , followed every direction ... and it never worked ! The remote controller is a cheap piece of plastic , which when I opened the package there was something rattling around inside.As I purchased it another state , I was unable to return it ... I wrote their customer service 4 TIMES , and never heard a word !!!!!!!!!! If you want a cheap , low quality toy made by a company with no customer service to back it up . . buy this ... or follow my recommendation . . DO N'T !! I 'm giving it No Stars !
 I 'm having the exact opposite problem as the previous reviewer -LRB- who reported the motor sometimes stalled -RRB- . My tumbler spins too fast . We are a couple days into the first polishing step , and every time we open it up to check progress we find many of the rocks are stuck fast to the mouth end of the tumbler -LRB- the barrel tumbles end-over-end -RRB- with the polishing compound caked hard around them . I timed the rotation rate at about 2.4 revs/sec , which I figured out -LRB- after Googling some physics formulas -RRB- is just fast enough that the rocks should stick at the ends instead of tumbling , which is exactly what is happening . I 'll update this review and increase the rating if the rocks turn out well despite this , or decrease it even more if it does n't work.If you bought one of these , please add your review so we can see if others spin too fast or stall too!I also was surprised by how loud this machine is . We ended up putting it beside our oil-burning furnace , and it is quite a bit louder than the furnace.Also , beware that it vibrates a lot and thus moves around due to the high rotation rate . We ended up putting it on the floor after it almost fell off a table in the first hour .
 Bought this for my 5 year old nephew . We thought it would make a great gift for the holidays . Then we read the instructions . Here are the cons :1 . -LRB- Time -RRB- There are 4 stages to polishing and the whole process can take 17 days . Let me emphasize
 It takes about 16 days to complete a cycle , which is normal . However , unit STOPPED working on 14th day . THIS WAS THE FIRST TIME USING IT RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX , NEW . Do n't waste your money .
 It takes at least 16 days to get polished rocks with several steps to e taken at eacer phase . Also , not enough rough rocks in initial package for the $ 80 dollars paid . Discovery Kids offered it at $ 30 dollars less on its website . However I did not see the reduced pricing until after my item was shipped from Amazon - on the same day of order . I also did not want to chance not getting it before Christmas .
 We bought this for Christmas for my son . Before it could finish one set of rocks , it broke . Made this horrible gear-sliding sound . We sent it back and Discovery sent us a new one that was n't gyroscopic . Apparently they did n't sell it anymore . The 2nd one was just a normal tumbler . And while it did finish polishing the rocks , it leaked a little . But at least it finished!If you want to start a new hobby , take my advice , buy a `` real '' tumbler , not a toy one . If you just want to try it , go ahead and get a `` children 's version . `` This one was a failure ...
 Got it for my 5 year old daughter who 's always picking up rocks and glass.Not knowing anything about rock-tumblers I was disappointed to find out it would take 15 days to complete 1 cycle.Anyway my daughter did n't seem to be too upset about this exercise of patience and was very happy to see the results of the first stage of polishing after 4 days . Then the machine stopped sometime during the second stage . I ca n't get it to go anymore . I took the machine apart trying to see what 's wrong and smoke comes out of the motor when I turn it on.Bought it for -LSB- ... -RSB- at Big Lots so no big loss , but I hate to just throw away brand new stuff like this , plus my daughter never got to enjoy the results of even 1 polishing cycle .
 My 10 year old son got this for Christmas and loved it , so he was upset when its legs started breaking off soon after . I 'm not going to claim he cautiously handled it , but he was never hard on it either , and the legs started breaking off anyway . It loses the effect with 7 ... 6 ... 5 ... . legs . So if you can find it for $ 10 go for it .
 It is too big and not very realistic . Also very noisy . Not worth the price . It could be easy to break .
 Realistic looking but not sturdy enough for age group . Legs broke off within the hour of opening and installing batteries.Will not run on a carpeted surface on flate tile or straight flooring . Kids where bumbed out .
 My 11 yr old thought this was amazing but the maneuver wheels on the bottom will only run over hard surfaces and not carpet which was OK with us . He did , however , run it over carpet and the traction wheel rubber pully snapped . The legs are also quite fragile and after only 2 days of play , one of the legs broke . Because of that , the spider can not `` walk '' now ! Too bad because its looks great . We are going to send it back .
 We bought this toy for our 7 yr old daughter who just ` had to have it ' . It is very life-like . When it works , it 's a pretty good toy . What we 've found , though , is that it will work for about 5 min . on a set of new batteries . After that , the R/C range diminishes to nothing and the only way to control the spider is to have the R/C controller antennae touching the one on the spider . Not too much fun in that .
 The pegs are too big for all my cribbage boards . The pegs are pretty and nice , but they just do n't fit .
 While the pegs themselves are good quality they are not of use to three players because only two colors were sent . I ordered and expected three ` assorted ' colors but got only two colors . Even after I brought this to the attention of the seller , I received no response to reconcile the mistake . Dissapointing .
 I bought the Tomy Musical Push 'n Merry Baby Toy for my 5 month old granddaughter . A few pushes and the toy locked and the little dogs could not run around . We took it apart to fix it , and it was impossible to put it back together again . So I bought another toy figuring the first one was just defective . The same thing happened ! The gears pop out of positon . The mechanism is too ocomplicated . I would NOT recommend buying this toy .
 This thing just did n't work that well . It looks like the balance would be perfect and it would `` fly '' for more than just a few seconds , but it really just corrects itself almost instantly . It 's a pretty boring mobile if you ask me , but hey , I 'm not 6 months old so what do I know ...
 Just awful . I threw it out!It was purchased for my four year old grand daughter . I sat down to build with her as I remembered Tinkertoy and loved it so much from my childhood.The holes in the circular shapes were all irregular in size and it was frustrating finding the rods that would fit in . I should have sent it back for a refund . This is nothing like the original tinkertoy in quality or construction.I rated it as one star because it would not accept a perfect zero.Phyllis
 I remember this toy being fun to play with when I was a kid . Now we received one of these sets as a gift for my three year old son . The first couple of times we played with it it was pretty good . After that , a lot of the pieces do n't stay together any more . Now I do n't like to play with it . If we manage to build something it 's just not sturdy and my son gets very upset when it falls apart .
 Not sure where the 5 stars are coming from but the quality of these Tinkertoys are no way they were when we were kids . Some holes too big , not drilled deep enough , holes too big so pieces fall out . Quality control is awful and will not buy again . Note ` Made in China ' which may be where the quality has gone .
 My three year old was given a set of Tinkertoys for his birthday . We were very excited about them because he plays with them all the time at his preschool . Since opening the container three weeks ago , we have had many of the pieces split , break , or just do n't fit together . We are very disappointed in these toys . We ca n't make many of the designs on the container because too many of the pieces do n't fit together or are broken . Please seriously consider whether it is worth the money to buy a toy that you think may fall apart and break .
 I loved tinker toys when I was a kid . Unfortunately , the quality of this toy is awful . All of the holes in the hub pieces are oversize , so the sticks wo n't stay in them . Everything just falls apart , which is very frustrating for the kids . I know from my childhood experience that the fit of the pieces can vary due to humidity - loose in the winter and tight in the summer . But all of the parts are just ridiculously loose - I have to wrap the ends of the sticks with aluminum foil to make them stay in the hubs . We 've purchased 2 -LRB- Tinkertoy Classic Jumbo -RRB- sets in a year , and had the same experience with both . This is a wonderful , educational toy . If only Hasbro could make it correctly . I recommend buying vintage sets on ebay .
 Not very impressed with the quality of this product . Actually I was quite disappointed since I had some experiences with Tinker Toy sets from past generations . The new one my son got for Christmas has been breaking & we have n't been rough on it at all . The ends of the rods break off , some pieces do n't fit in & some just fall out , plus some of the round pieces are splitting as well . I was very surprised to find out how poorly made this new generation of Tinker Toys is .
 We got these for our 3 year old and much to my dismay , the sticks lose their capacity to lock in with the round pieces after one use . Now they can be inserted but they fall right out . I am really disappointed in the quality and value of the toy .
 I was willing to pay a premium price for this toy based on the Tinkertoy reputation and our prior experience with Tinkertoys over two generations . My recent purchase was very disappointing . The quality of the pieces was inconsistent so that some of the rods and spools fit nicely , and others fit so poorly that the resultant structures fell apart at the slightest touch.Tinkertoys have always provided creative play for our family in the past , but imagine witnessing the frustration of a child who has designed and built a Tinkertoy `` project '' only to have it fall apart . I was embarassed that my gift was so poorly manufactured . I tried to contact Hasbro regarding this issue , but was not accorded the courtesy of an answer .
 Poorly manufactured . Parts do not fit properly . Holes are not uniform . Overall quality is very poor . People looking for of the original Tinker Toys will be very disappointed with this product . The high price point does not reflect the quality of this item .
 My 3 year old loves this toy , but the pieces keep breaking , chipping or splintering . Nothing like the quality of the Tinker Toys my generation grew up with . I 'm very disappointed in the quality of this product !
 I had Tinker Toys are a kid and they were awesome . I bought some for my kiddo for Christmas and what a disappointment ! Six pieces broke the first day ! The wood is soft and cracks very easily . Additionally , the holes in the spools are inconsitently drilled so some of the sticks either do n't fit or slide right through . I wish I still had my old quality American Made Tinker Toys for my daughter to play with . Do n't waste your money on the new Made in China version . They 'll break right out of the box .
 I purchased this for my 6 month old grandson for Christmas , 2009 . When it arrived the `` water '' in the bowl had milky particles in it . I thought perhaps this was due to some settling at the warehouse or shipping location and the problem would resolve itself.Unfortunately , it 's now April and the toy has long been put in a bag with the milky particles . I should have have returned it , however , time goes by quickly and there are so many other toys he has to play with I did n't .
 I now see that Amazon has changed the display picture for this toy . I was hoping for the fishbowl that WAS displayed with water and little floating creatures in the sides of the bowl , but when I got it for my son at Christmas , I was very dissapointed . I returned it after trying to figure out how to through this website , and asked for the one that was on the box , and they sent me the exact same fishbowl ! I gave it away as a gift for a friend . This toy has totally turned me off of Lamaze toys all together , which is a shame , cause they are cute !
 The pictures of this toy are incorrect , there is no water-filled sides with sea creatures in it . Without that feature it is nowhere near as cute , and we never would have requested it as a gift for our infant . The pictures must be out of date for this item .
 I FEEL TOTALLY CHEATED !!! I just got this toy today and after reading the reviews about it I was so excited to get this for my little boy . The big surprise I was refering to is that there is no water inside the plastic on either side like the picture makes you believe . And I do not see anyway to add the water myself . There also are no little creatures inside the plastic that were supposed to be floating in the water . I am very disappointed with this . I feel like it was false advertising and way overpriced when you find out that the coolest part is not included . I am very upset because I thought this was going to be such a neat toy . I will not be purchasing anything from Lamaze ever again . I strongly recommend no one else does either because you do not get what you paid for .
 This is a cute product but definitely not as cool as what is pictured and described . There is no trapped water ; the sides are just plain plastic . I ended up returning it because without the water-trapped sides I felt it was pretty overpriced .
 Was supposed to come with `` Water-trapped sides of bowl with mini-sea creatures '' but did n't and when I went to return it for a replacement I was told I could only get a refund . I just want what I ordered and expected to get in the first place .
 Like several other people on the website I feel cheated . I ordered it because I thought the water would be entertaining . There 's even water on the pictures of the box that it came in ! But when you open it there is no water ? False advertising and a misleading sale . I would have paid less or not ordered it had I known .
 Only worth it for the littlest of kids ... if buying for 4 or 5 year old , fine . Anyone else will be annoyed by how shoddy this is . No matter how skillful you are , the opposite color hanky will hang out and ruin the effect .
 This is a very low quality item . It might fool a 4-year old , but anyone older can clearly see it 's not a real scarf . The fabric from the red side continues over to the green side , so you ca n't show the entire scarf , which basically makes the trick impossible to use on any over 5 or 6 . As the previous post said , though , it 's cheap and for kids .
 The mirror I got sent was one with a purple frame , not the one on the main picture which has an orange frame . I would have preferred the orange colored mirror frame but still kept it . However , I was very disappointed of the quality of the mirror . It is not at all that clear as it is shown on the product page of Amazon . My guess is that the product was changed and the customers who got the orange framed mirror were lucky , those who got the purple framed mirror were not .
 This was a great product for my baby boy , until it BROKE ! It has straps on the backside of the mirror to attach to the inside of a crib . Somehow my little baby broke the mirror . I found it in pieces in his crib . My baby is NOT injured . I am trying to contact the manufacturer now . This product should be placed on a recall list . IT IS NOT UNBREAKABLE as the the description claims . My baby broke the mirror . How ? I have no idea . The only other toys in his crib are small soft plush toys .
 My grandson has had this toy since he was 2 months old . He is now almost 10 months , and has never shown the slightest interest in it . He has periodically gone up to it and licked the mirror , but for him the toy is not worth the space it takes up .
 We have 9 month old twin girls who liked this mirror . Seemed like a safe toy but this morning I heard one of them coughing and when I investigated I found the stitching had come undone along the side , exposing wads of the extremely fine fibrous padding material used to line the side . My daughter had a large piece of this in her mouth , which had blocked her airway and she had started choking . Only by good fortune had I heard her coughing and was able to get the material out of her mouth , which revealed a matted string had extended into her throat , causing the choking response.In my view this could have been a fatal incident . I believe this happened because of poor manufacturing standards . The padding material should have been encased in a protective sleeve , and the stitching on the hem of the mirror should have been of a much more robust nature . It 's important to note that the toy had not been abused , and I would describe the usage as pretty low . Certainly far below the point the product would start to disintegrate.This is clearly an extremely dangerous product , which should be recalled immediately . The build quality is utterly sub standard and it 's only a matter of time before someone else 's child comes to harm as a result of the shoddy design and construction .
 I read the recent reviews warning that the mirror is horribly distorted , but I thought perhaps people had unrealistic expectations for a safety mirror . I wish I had listened to the reviews because this product is bad , even for a safety mirror . The distortion is so severe that I ca n't look at it without hurting my eyes . The reason I gave this product two stars , rather than one , is that the design is cute and a wedge is a great idea for tummy time .
 I received the mirror with a purple frame after reading all the great reviews . The mirror is very distorted , just like another recent reviewer said . It looks like a fun house mirror and I ca n't stand looking at it . I do n't want my baby looking at it either ! I am emailing lamaze to see if they changed the design .
 I am not sure if I 've got a defective one or if it is supposed to be like this , but the mirror I 've got is a seriously distorted mirror like one in children 's museums.My husband 's first reaction was `` hmm , our baby will think he has a really weird face , `` and I think he would think he does n't have a face.Bending or flattening the mirror does n't help the problem.FYI , it is a purple framed one .
 Great little toy for the young ones - mine loved it ! However , it did not take much abuse and the seam broke after a few months with the stuffing coming out . So beware !
 I wanted to like this mirror , but the fact that it came to me looking like some other baby already had played with it for 6 months makes me a little upset ! It 's all scratched up ! Also , it 's smaller then it looks in the picture ... not impressed , but the hubby is making me keep it for our 7 month old daughter .
 When I received this item , I was hoping my 7 month old baby would be able to see a clear image of herself . She loves to smile at herself in our bathroom mirror when we 're holding her . I know that it 's a safety mirror , but I felt like I was looking in a funhouse mirror . It made me dizzy ! I do n't think my baby would even have recognized herself when she looked in it . Not recommended if baby wants to see a clear reflection .
 These boxes are not worth the amount of money sellers are asking for them . First of all , if you are looking for the illusive Spider-Man vs. Venom hologram card , you can just buy it by itself on ebay or here on Amazon for much cheaper than what sellers are asking for one of these boxes . As of this review , I have watched auctions for them end at around $ 20 . So please do not be fooled by the scam mentality of these sellers advertising that `` You could get the RARE Spider-Man hologram ! '' If that is what you want , these boxes are simply not the route to take.Another disappointing note about these boxes is that they contain many repeat packs which have the exact same cards as other packs and even placed in the same order . Obviously I had expected to pull a lot of repeat cards , but to open entire packs that were exactly the same as other packs really killed the enjoyment of opening them up . It is also because of this that you may not even complete the entire base set with just one box . Of the two boxes I received , I pulled only ONE Captain America card and only ONE Wolverine card . I completed the base set by the skin of my teeth.I did not pull the Spider-Man hologram card and while I did pull several of the very cool red foil cards , I only got repeats of Spider-man 2099 , Punisher 2099 , and Ravage 2099 . Bottom line is that if you are interested in the Marvel Universe Series IV cards , these boxes are a scam unless sellers drop the prices to something more reasonable -LRB- around $ 20 -RRB- . At $ 30 and $ 40 + you are just wasting your money .
 This was n't exactly what I expected . It said travel -LRB- duh -RRB- . I did see that but I did n't expect for it to be so little . I really purchased this for my classroom and I could n't use it because it was for a 4th grade . They will break this small game up in no time . I really did n't like the size and the quality of the game . Eventhough it was really more my fault because I did n't take the time to get the specifications of the game .
 I bought my 4 1/2 year old this set for Christmas . I noticed that time after time he was getting very frustrated trying to build from the diagrams that came with the tinker toys -LRB- Junior set -RRB- . He always came up a few parts short to build the Space Alien and just about all the rest of the examples . At first I thought he had managed to lose a part or two during the Christmas unwrapping , playing on Christmas day . I then took the canister and took an inventory of the parts shown on it and to my amazement all the parts were there . I then started counting the parts necessary to build each of the items on the example sheet and it became apparent that no one could build these examples -LRB- or at least most of them -RRB- as the examples were showing more parts than was provided by the Junior set . It has been a totally bad experience with this toy and I do n't even try to get him to play with it anymore.Oddz On and Hasbro should be ashamed of themselves for tricking these children into thinking they can build the examples . It is these two companies that are not playing with a full deck !
 I bought a set of these when they first started reissuing the ` real wood ' Tinker Toys about 5 or 10 years ago . That set also had 66 pieces , and they were mainly wood with only 4 plastic pieces -LRB- the green windmill fans -RRB- . The current set is NOT THE SAME as the one I bought 5 or 10 years ago ; the current set has 66 pieces , but 24 of them are plastic pieces !!! In other words , six times as much plastic ! They should label it `` SOME REAL WOOD PIECES . '' Disappointing , and much less `` the classic '' than it used to be . The plastic Tinker Toys break much easier ; some new sets are ALL plastic , and I avoid them .
 My kids get super frustrated because the pegs fall out of the holes . This would be a great toy if they stayed together properly . My son especially wants to play with these , but every time he tries , he gets frustrated with them .
 I am surprised by the positive reviews of this toy by those who purchased it for a 3-5 year old . I bought it for my 3 year old -LRB- a very large boy & normal strength -RRB- He is unable to fit the pieces together . I have trouble with many . They fit VERY tight . He has broken several pieces by trying to shove them in or pull them apart . Other pieces fit much too loose.What it has come down to is this ... `` mom can you please build me something with the Tinkertoys ? `` Um ... I have a better idea son , let 's go buy a toy you can actually play with yourself . This is not the toy I remember from my youth .
 I bought a set of tinkertoys for my 6 year old son . Unfortunately , since there are no detailed , step by step isntructions , we found it too frustrating to reproduce some of the elaborate creations pictured on the container . We also broke several pieces in the first few hours . Maybe I 'm just spoiled with K'Nex , and the very detailed instructions they come with . Maybe for some kids who just want to use their imagination to build their own creations , this would be a good toy . My son really wanted to build the creations pictured on the container , so this toy did not work for us , so we returned it .
 Feeling nostalgic and romanticizing the educational value of * classic * toys , I decided to buy this one for my 4 yr old son for Christmas . At the same time , my SIL bought him a `` Kid K'Nex Roll and Go Pal . '' I was dissapointed that she purchased a competing toy so I defiantly broke out the Tinker Toy first . Both of my children were quickly bored . The wood pieces were very stiff and hard to fit together and , well ... I 'm not sure how to describe this but , the various pieces do n't make any sense . It 's as if someone took a bunch of different shaped objects and threw them into a can . They do n't relate together in any meaningful way . I could n't think of ANYTHING interesting to build and neither could my kids So , we moved onto the K'Nex and the kids have been playing with it ever since . They have made some of the funniest things I 've ever seen . As much as I hate to admit it , there are just better toys out there than this one these days .
 I purchased Ideal Frontier Logs and the picture manual is horrible and difficult to undertsand.For that reason I 'm returning it .
 This set is larger than the standard set . I ordered them from Amazon to add to a standard set that I already have but they are too big to work with that other set . You ca n't tell the size until you open the box and then it is too late to return them !
 The Tinkertoy set turns out to be a major disappointment . It is poorly made with the wooden dowels not fitting in many of the round wooden connectors . Some holes are drilled too large and others too small . One of the wooden connectors cracked the first time we put a dowel in . Lots of plastic tubing parts that take up space in the packaging tube but are n't either easy or fun to use . The enclosed instruction book has sample diagrams that are not possible to make with the pieces enclosed in my set . What a disappointment to my grandson when he wanted to replicate the diagram.This certainly is n't the Tinkertoy set that we grew up with . Save your money and get something better .
 I added this set to my Grandkids collection , and the parts were flimsy and the holes too big for their other pieces . We were disappointed .
 I purchased the wooden version of this toy over the plastic version because I thought the wooden would be more durable . I can not speak for the plastic set , but the wooden set is certainly not made the way it was when I was a child.I bought this for a Christmas present , and a month later many of the parts are damaged.Many of the ends of the rods have cracked off . A few rods broke when I was playing with my two daughters , so I know the breakage occured during average and gentle play.I was very disapointed in the overall quality . This is another classic toy that is now being produced overseas , and is not the toy it once was .
 I purchased a tinkertoy set for my grandaughter for Christmas . After only a half hour of play we had 3 broken pieces . By the next day we had six . This was not rough or unsupervised play . I contacted Hasbro and they will replace the 6 pieces . What a disappointment . They must not be using the same wood to make the most recent sets .
 The raft got a hole in it the second time we took it out , do n't buy it .
 Since I purchased this item in the dead of winter , I had no plans to use it as a pool floater . Instead , I needed an inexpensive air mattress for a guest I had visiting . To that end , I have to say it works fairly well with the exception that from the time the person goes to bed , the mattress is leaking air . By the time he/she gets up in the morning , they 're getting up off the floor , not rolling off the mattress.For what I paid , I guess it was worth it but I would n't trust it to keep me afloat in a pool for any length of time .
 Preparing for a trip to the beach and for convenience sake , I ordered these 3 fun items , along with 2 inflatables and an inflatable boat with oars for the kids and had them shipped to our rental house . Although they were there for our arrival -LRB- I had ordered well in advance -RRB- I was charged 3 separate shipping charges and this particular item representing 3 for the one price falsely advertised . I ended up with only 2 cheap floats instead of 6 and my other 2 purchases left us `` short '' for all the kids . Additionally , the cost of each item with the shipping charge made the purchase over TWICE what I could have bought these for at our destination . Hard/expensive lesson learned for this company AND Amazon .
 Overall , these card protectors were just not worth it . A shoddy cardboard box and card protectors that just do n't hold up for the price . If you buy Ultrapro protectors and an Ultrapro box , you will have a much better product for nearly the same price .
 This was a gift for our daughter 's second birthday , who loves airplanes . This toy did not hold up to our expectations . It is heavy and durable , but it can not be steered making it difficult for a child to manuever . It is big and bulky , so storing it is a problem . Right now , the flyer is parked in my daughter 's bedroom , which is probably not what the gift giver had in mind . Also , the steering wheel is easily dismantled by children , and the dismantled parts can be a potential choking hazard . I would not recommend this toy unless you just want it as a decoration in a child 's room .
 My son plays -LRB- or plays with -RRB- drums , guitar and piano . He loves banging on musical instruments . He is 5 years old . However , these did not hold his attention for 5 minutes . The sound is plastic sounding , not authentic at all . He never played with these things ; we finally gave them away.Wade Young
 As far as Barbie toys go -LRB- and believe me we have lots -- I have twin girls ! -RRB- this one is AWFUL . Barbie has a SOLID hard tail and the only thing the girls play with is the shell and the baby Krissy stuff . Barbie is pretty , but the play value is limited.Too much $ $ for not enough play .
 I was totally disappointed in this product . For one the shell is too hard to open for my 4 year old . I put the tail in the water for just a second to see what it looked like well the sticker started to peal off . looks awful without the sticker too . The waist is very stiff seems if you move it too much it will snap off . You can not use the doll in soapy water so basicly why have it if they ca n't use it in the tub ? You really ca n't do a whole lot to it other then make pretend swim . The sleeves keep falling off and get snagged on barbies fingers when you put them back on . I 'm sorry I think this is way too much money for this doll she has a very pretty face and hair but not worth the high price they are asking for it . My 4 year old has a few cheaper barbies that have held up alot better then this one . Sorry mattel you need to go back and redo this one . Great for someone who does n't play with it if your just gon na look at it on a shelf then it is a nice doll to have but not for the average child .
 My 6 year old daughter and I were very disappointed after spending a good 10 minutes getting all the pieces out of the box to find that Barbie 's tail did n't light up under water . Where the heck did Mattel get the Design engineer on this one ? They obviously did a lousy job in testing this product before going to market on it . For the high cost , I expect something that works at least the first time ! What is with all the tiny accessories - must be part of the marketing strategy since they know little kids will easily lose them . This would then cause parents to have to go and buy some more ... Save your money for a different product that is durable and reliable . Nothing worse than having a child be disappointed on a toy that she wanted so bad !
 Barbie Mermaid & Krissy are very pretty , but my daughter took in the tub only a total of three times and Barbie would nolonger work . The whole purpose of Barbie Mermaid is the go in the water and light up ... WRONG . Mattel really needs to take a better look at the quality of their products and also package them differently . It took me about 30 minutes to just be able to untie and untangle Barbie & Krissy to get them out of the box . There is absolutely no reason for them to package so severly . I recommend DO NOT BUY if you have a child that will be playing with -- this Barbie will not last !
 I started to buy this doll for my daughter for Christmas , but then took a good look at it and noticed that she would n't even be able to dress it . Mattel sells a Barbie mermaid outfit ... . My advice ? Do what I did - Buy a regular Barbie doll with LEGS so that the child can have more play options , and then just buy a mermaid outfit for the doll separately .
 after several minutes of trying to get her out of the packaging my daughter played with her in the tub right away she got her wet she did glow then she asked what else does she do ? Nothing you ca n't even dress her . So not worth it if the makers took half the time to play with her as they took to pakage her they would have known .
 Similar to the other complaints the picture posted for this product is VERY deceiving ! What I received was a miniature care bear ... And the price is ridiculous ! Including shipping and handling , I paid nearly $ 20 for this thing ! I found the same bear at a local retail store for $ 5 ! If you are looking to over-pay for a tiny stuffed bear , go for it ! Order this item . If not , do not be fooled by the picture of the little girl with the over-sized Care Bear ... It 's meant to deceive !
 I am so disappointed with Amazing plush ... the picture they show looks like a full size care bear and it turns out to be a miniature beanbag plush ... the size should have been listed in the title . Customer 's be aware the prices for their products are ridiculous and so is the shipping rate ... I ended up paying $ 20.00 for a stuff animal that should have been less than $ 7.00 .
 This item was not what I was expecting . I ca n't believe I paid 20 bucks for this miniature bear ! I bought another one for 13 somewhere else and it was the full size bear . Maybe you should specify the size of it next time !!! I can buy the same thing at Target for 5.00 ! What I thought I was buying was a full size grumpy bear not a miniature one !
 I got my Care Bear today and can not believe what I recieved ! I spent WAY to much $ $ to get such a little bear ! The picture that is on there is definetly not the size of the bear ! The hair on the top of its head is falling out all over the place . Did I say it was LITTLE ! Wow ! I will definetly NOT be buying from this company again !
 This review is not on the toy itself , my daughter would n't know because every time Amazon/Toys R us sends out an email that it is in stock , it is never there ! I received an email at 12:23 am this morning and just happened to be online at 12:31 am and immediately went to the site and it was NOT IN STOCK . Is this a promotional gimmick to get you to return to their web site ??? I have received this same email 8 times in the last 2 months never to return to find any instock . I say if they can not deliver do n't use the service and then they will turn out like many other . com companies -- BANKRUPT . After the third email , I asked Amazon what the deal was , and I was told , `` quantities are limited '' ... what ... . ONE is what they have in stock ???? Do n't be fooled by this bogus service it does nothing but waste your time !
 I got it for my 7 year-old as a Christmas gift -LRB- from Santa ! -RRB- She was so excited when she opened the package , and went to play in the snow.When she tried to make a ball for the first time , the scooper broke!It broke into two pieces . The plastic just broke at the center where the pieces meet.Unbelievalbly poor make.I can not recommend this product .
 I 'm disappointed to report that the handle snapped in half at the pin upon attempting to make the very first snowball . I 'd send it back , but I have a feeling that it would cost more to ship it back than I paid for it . So , at least that 's the upside . I 'm not out that much money . It was a huge disappointment though since my son had been looking forward to using it ever since I got it for him .
 The website says that the product is a `` Flexible Flyer Snowball Maker . '' What I received was some off-brand that was a similar product , but did not have the hand grips that the Flexible Flyer has , and the grips -LRB- and the quality brand -RRB- were the reason I was willing to pay more to order these products . I would NOT order from this company again because they made a product substitution without asking if that was acceptable to me .
 Makes great snowballs , but broke after a half hour of use , right where the screw is . Very disappointing . I thought maybe it was bad luck and I would just replace it since it does n't cost much , but I looked at the second one I bought and noticed it looked stressed too . I supposed if you do n't apply too much pressure it will last a long time but try telling a 4 and 7 year old that .
 Item was cute , but within the plastic wrap , the item had scratches and smelled like a smoker . not sure why .
 I think Mattel picked the wrong title for this doll.I think of Princes Bride the movie when I hear the phrase `` Prices Bride '' . The idea behind the doll is great as is the doll itself , but the name makes it sound like a movie collectabel . I would love to see a Barbi and Ken style Princes Bride movie toys . If you catch my drift Mattel . ; -RRB-
 We got this as a gift for my daughter 's first birthday and put it together right away . After following the directions closely , the handlebars came out really wobbly . They turn left to right , but do n't control the wheels . They also wiggle up and down quite a bit . The age on this product was 12-36 mo. but I would n't let my 2 yr old on it because it seemed that the handlebars would come apart . We took it apart assuming we did something wrong , but it went back together the same way and still has the same wobbly handles . I would n't buy it .
 This item was purchased for my seven year-old grandson with the purpose of encouraging him to hang up his clothes daily . Unfortunately the clothes rack fell over almost immediately after assembly and was broken rendering it unusable . I do n't know what the problem was but suspect that the top team emblem is too heavy for the slender rack to support . A cute idea that did not work!MargaretFan of the San Diego Padres
 The charms are very cute , but smell like skunk . I have washed them , aired them out , and soaked them . The odor will not come out . So if you want very cute charms , and can get passed the smell , order these ... if you have a good nose , stay clear .
 I was disapointed in this toy . I expect Bruder products to be more substantial than this one . I got this for my four year old great grandson and he was excited when he first started playing with it . However , after a short period he found that it was not sturdy enough for him to move the dirt and rocks that he wanted to move . Now it sits in the dirt pile and he just plays with his Bruder Dump Truck .
 My son loved this toy , but within a couple of weeks of use outdoors pieces started snapping off and the treads would roll off the wheels on a regular basis . After a year , it 's pretty much garbage , but he still likes playing with what 's left of it . Fun ? Yes . Durable ? Not at all .
 When he was 3 , he broke this . and now he wants another one alot . he save his money in his bank all day . for x-mas
 Toy is not sturdy it is very beautiful and looks authentically nice but my child broke it first time he used it
 Received this battery and never worked correctly . Only charged completely one time and stopped working . Never kept the charge on . What a waste of money . Never buy from them again !!!
 We charged it once and it worked great . Charged it again and it did n't work after that . This is a horrible product .
 It only took me 1 month of non-aggressive usage -LRB- it was used maybe 10 times max -RRB- for this battery to become worthless and completely lose the charge in 2 minutes
 Battery was purchased as a replacement for a Fisher Price Barbie Mustang , we have charged and used the new battery only twice and the battery had already run down and we had to `` hand tow '' the vehicle home about a half a mile in our neighborhood , as the battery died , wish Fisher Price would improve the life of this product and rechargeable quality . This product is expensive for the life of the battery . We followed instructions of not allowing the battery to `` die '' , we recharge after use , but still the battery life is not long enough for a child to drive the vehicle around the neighborhood , very disappointed .
 I read the reviews about the battery dying and thought that perhaps things had changed . Apparently not . I bought the battery on 4-11 and got less than 10 charges out of it before it croaked . Amazon was nice enough to credit my card , however I wo n't be purchasing another battery from Amazon . I am hoping to get one from Fisher-Price that is better ?? * crossing fingers *
 I am sure this battery is not NEW it has only held a charge one time !! This battery is junk do not buy !!
 The first battery we had for the Power Wheels was fantastic , it lasted for almost a year . BUT this one did n't last for one day and now , even after a full charge , it will only power the ride for less than 10 ' . Can I return it ? Can I afford the shipping charge in order to return it ? Fisher-Price should be a better company than this .
 We charged per the instructions , and we got about 3 runs of this battery . Now we charge it , and it lasts a few minutes . And we can not return it because it is a hazardous material . Very frustrated .
 Because of rigid Federal Regulations , the batteries , although unused , can not be returned safely because of the chemicals contained . How did they get here , fly ??? It is sad indeed , with the economy as it is , to make money in this fashion . Although I ordered it from Amazon.com , on the internet , surely the battery producers do n't personally drive their products to the consumers . This was an accidental duplicate order , and , with all related charges , run about $ 48.00 . The only problem is , I ordered 1 -LRB- 1 -RRB- I thought , but received two . Since it was delivered by UPS , then why ca n't they be safely returned in the same manner ? Surely UPS follows the same regs applicable to all of the rest of us . It 's just not fair , especially at this time of the year , but it 's only a few dollars right ?
 Charged the battery for 24 hours . Did not work . Charged longer ... nothing . Of course , child disappointed . Called Fisher Price and they sent me one free of charge . Would never order this type of product through Amazon again .
 we bought this for the power wheels fire truck but it doesnt really work that great . expensive for a battery .
 I did receive the item very quickly and it seems to work . HOWEVER , I have no idea if this item is brand new as there is NO PACKAGING included . Literally the only thing you receive in the -LRB- very thinly lined -RRB- bubble wrapped package is the battery . Extremely poor shipping materials used -LRB- a priority mail envelope ! -RRB- . I was expecting it to come in the original packaging and it did not . That said , the battery seems to be okay for now but I am quite positive that being banged up and thrown around , like all packages are , across the country was not good . I would not recommend this seller .
 Very happy with the fast delivery of the battery and the price of the battery ! My grandboys love there power wheel and the battery is great ! you made there day ! Thank You !
 Charged per instructions , never worked at all . Have contacted the seller and am waiting to see if they plan on correcting this by an exchange or refund . Hoping we did n't pay over $ 50 for trash !! We 've had multiple battery operated vehicles and know that following the directions for charging are very important , but not working out of the bag -LRB- literally - we received this battery shipped IN A BAG -RRB- , is ridiculous .
 Ordered this battery & it would charge up unit for about an hour then die again . Thought it might be the motorcycle . Went and bought another battery it charged and works fine . Very disappointed in battery & the fact that Amazon want stand behind this .
 Upon receiving this battery we charged per the manufacturers recommendation and it will not hold a charge . Amazon , of course , took care of me but the product is garbage .
 I got a PowerWheels Jeep at a garage sale but it did n't have a battery . I bought one of these and it worked for about three charges then it just died . I thought I had probably charged it too much so I bought another one . This time I was very careful to charge it for exactly the amount of time specified . It lasted two charges .
 This battery was great for about two charge cycles ... I charged it 18 hours the first time like the instructions said to do . Jeep ran great for about the expected two hours or so ... Charged it again that night for 14 hours ... ran great again ... The third day , I charged it for 14 hours again and hooked it up to the jeep and NOTHING ... I followed all of the instructions to a T . What a piece of JUNK . Power Wheels should be ashamed of themselves for selling such an awful product and doing nothing about it .
 Product worked one time -LRB- just fine -RRB- and then never worked again . Called/wrote to get an exchange and company stated that there were no exchanges or refunds on batteries . Very very lame . Still working on getting money back or exchange of product . Buy at your own risk !
 After charging the battery twice , it lost it 's charge . My son received a ride on for Christmas and the first battery went out within 3 months and I had to buy him a replacement . We followed all the directions on how to long charge it , etc. and still - dead . Second one in 4 months . It 's too much money to keep replacing the battery so my son can ride the 4 wheeler with trailer . Poor kid .
 I purchased two of these 12 volt batteries for two different ride on toys and one of the batteries failed to take a charge and work after the first use . -LRB- $ 50 + down the drain -RRB- . You are taking a little bit of a gamble buying online but it 's almost 50 % cheaper than retail stores . Please note that Amazon will not accept batteries as a return and some of the companies that sell their products on Amazon require return processing within 15 days . My advice is to charge your battery properly and use it as soon as you get it so that you can take action quickly if the battery does not work .
 I ordered this nervously as there are many bad reviews saying that the batteries fail quickly . I just assumed people did n't follow the directions because I know that can have a huge affect on the life of a rechargeable battery.So when I received it , I read the directions and charged it for exactly 18 hours as directed . First day of use was great - this kids used their power wheels jeep for hours and had a blast . That night I followed the directions which say to charge it for at least 14 hours , but not over 30 . I charged it for about 18 . The battery lasted for about half as long as the day before . I charged it again that evening for about 16 hours -LRB- again well within the 14 to 30 window -RRB- and the battery lasted for less than 5 minutes - enough for the kids to drive it to the end of the block and back.Look and you 'll see there are a lot of 1 star or 5 star entries and not much in between . I guess you either get a great battery or a dud . I decided to not try another battery - the kids will have to use their pedal toys.I buy everything I can from Amazon because of the great customer service -LRB- and prices -RRB- that I receive . They processed the return with no issues . Bravo Amazon !
 The ammazon cross sell recommend i purchase this batter with the 12V Black Mercedes Benz G-Class Battery Operated Ride-on Toy Car , BEWARE this is not to correct type of batter for that Vehicle . I wasted $ 60 + ! Apparently you can not return BATTERIES !
 This battery worked for the first month and then when we recharged it , the battery lasted for less than 10 mins . I think we need a charger cable that shuts off when the battery if charged . This is my 3rd power wheels battery that went bad in less than 6 months .
 Power Wheels 12-Volt Rechargeable BatteryI ordered the Power Wheels 12 volt rechargeable battery for my daughters Barbie jeep and after one charge the battery completely died . I saw that their were numerous complaints about the same battery-same issues . I tested the battery out and after one month of having it , it was a dud-bad battery . Buyer beware of this battery before purchasing .
 The battery I bought last year worked fine for one season . Although I did recharge it once every month through the winter as instructed , it was no good come Spring . -LRB- I 'll try keeping it out of the cold garage next winter . -RRB- This spring I ordered another battery . This time , the battery would not recharge after one use . You can not return the battery , but Amazon did provide a full refund . Guess I 'll have to take my chances and order another . Wish I had an alternative brand for my Power Wheels battery .
 Thios battery is a POS . After only two uses it does n't hold a charge anymore . What a waste of money . I 'm getting my daughter a gas powered atv instead .
 Bought 2 new batteries for my children 's ride on toys at almost $ 60 each . Received the product just fine but after 18 + hours charging , they are only holding a charge for 2-3 minutes . Contacted Amazon.com ... so sorry , past the few days of return/exchange policy . Told to call the manufacturer , now have to ship them -LRB- My expense -RRB- . Bad experience is what makes buying on line a risk
 Battery will not hold a charge and batteries are not returnable so I am stuck with a dead battery and out the money I paid for it !!!!! Buy from a local store !!!!!
 Fisher Price Power Wheels 12-Volt Rechargeable BatteryThis product they me sold it as if it -LRB- he -RRB- was new and when I come near to venezuela permission got dented , dirtily and with signs to be a secondhand -LRB- worn -RRB- product , a price pays very cost and a sending -LRB- parcel -RRB- to my country , for a secondhand -LRB- worn -RRB- battery I am very discontented with amazon for this purchase it is the first time that happens to me slightly this way .
 I should of listened to the other reviews . Please avoid this battery at all cost . It lasted my kids for about four hours . The battery was charge according to manufacturers instructions and Still did n't work . If your looking at buying a battery for your power wheels product , I would first dump Fisher Price and go with a regular rechargeable 12 volt battery . No sense in contacting this company , do to their size they probably do n't care about customer satisfaction .
 Bought a battery for a ride in toy great buy was cheaper than most other places.Thanks Amazon for being a place I can purchas something for a great value .
 THIS WAS A BUST . I purchased this to replace the original battery that came with my daughter 's Barbie Jeep . The original battery lasted about 3 years and worked very well before running out of juice . I read several reviews that concerned me saying that the replacement battery went dead very very quickly . Well , that 's exactly what happened to me ... I read and followed the instructions closely , in terms of how long to charge initially , and then subsequent charging as well . We got about 3 charges out of it , and that 's it . I ended up throwing away the Jeep , and I 'm taking this battery and the original battery to the dump , where they have a station to recycle old batteries . Amazon can not take this product back . . since it is a hazardous material -LRB- acid -RRB- , but , kudos to them , they credited me the purchase right away . I do n't know what to tell you on this one ... it could be the batteries they have are old shelf batteries ; it could be something wrong with our Jeep itself ... BUT ... if it can happen to me -LRB- and others that I read about -RRB- , then it can happen to you . We 're going to purchase an upgraded vehicle from here and not fool around with replacement batteries anymore . GOod luck .
 I have bought four of these batteries . I feel like a fool after reading so many bad reviews . Please look for an alternative . Out of the four batteries I have not gotten 20 hours of use . It is sad that a company as Fisher Price would sell such a mediocre product . The ride on is nice , please look for an alternative on replacing the batteries .
 NOT a good purchase.I should have read the reviews first . This battery lasted exactly one charge for me when the original lasted well over 4 years . I have not overcharged the battery and I have followed the manual instructions . Now I wasted $ 50 since Amazon will not take it back -LRB- hazardous material -RRB- .
 Dont waste your money on this battery , especially since it cant be returned !! I followed the directions to a T. Didnt overcharge it and was very careful because of all the negative reviews . This battery lasted all of four days before giving out for good . Find another battery . I cant believe Amazon would sell something like this . Looks like it 's a hit or miss , but for the price they should at least test the batteries before sending them out .
 This replacement battery worked for one use . I charged it as the instructions directed and it has not held a charge since the first use ! I am disgusted that I now have to attempt to get a new one and return the ` new ' one I just bought my daughter for her birthday !
 The battery was received within 5 days . Charged the battery as instructed . Inserted the battery into our Fisher Price toy ... let me say should of listen to other reviews . Battery worked for an hour max and would not charged !! Going to our local Toysrus to purchase the battery since I can return it to the store . Also , i noticed the battery that was sent to my had an expiratin date of 1/2013 . !!!
 just bought this charge the right amount of time and it wont hold a charge i want a refund it goes too slow i have tried two different chargers and i think they sold me a defective product
 After reviewing some of the other reviews , we figured we would try the battery even though some stated it lost a charge very quickly . We too did all the correct things to charge it and it went dead after a couple of runs in the jeep . Very disappointed .
 It was only good for one charge I keep it indoors and charged according to manual did everything and it just died on me Do n't buy this maybe is not a good idea for amazon to sell this item , is I do n't know the good thing about all this is that amazon gave me a credit for this after hearing my complain this company really has a great costumer service .
 I rarely give negative reviews , almost NEVER ! This is the most worthless junk I have ever bought . Stay away from Fisher Price in general . Everything they sell is either dangerous or cheaply made . I have a degree in electronics and computers and I can tell you no matter what you do this battery will not last . They wear out way too quickly and you ; ll get zero customer service from Fisher Price . This has been one of the worst purchases EVER .
 I have yet to recieve the item that I ordered from Amazon ... I have paid for the product without receipt ... Please advise as to status ... It has been at least 2 months since my order ... Robert G. Bradley
 Battery was ok until it needed to be charged . It is only a couple months old and it does not hold a charge any more . BUYER BEWARE .
 After the intial battery died within 3 months , i purchased the replacement battery on Amazon . I followed the charging instructions exactly , and the battery still died within a month . I would not recommend this battery to anyone .
 Check the reviews they are all correct when they say that this battery will not recharge it works only 1 time after that it works at about 10 percent only last for about 10 15 minutes tops ... it 's a shame that they are able to screw all these people over who have bought this battery and had the same problem that I did I actually put it on a timer to make sure I did not over charge the battery . . I should have listened to all the bad reviews on this battery
 I purchased a battery that does not work and I am unable to return to return it ... suggestion do not buy any batteries online
 This seemed like a great idea for all my granddaughters ' ponies but it really too small for the My Little Ponies . It is adequate for a couple and their gear and , admittedly , the little girls did n't notice its shortcomings . They found it delightful . The cover does n't stay on very well . It would be great if it zipped or latched on somehow .
 The box and the lid do not fit snuggly and it is a lot smaller than I expected it to be .
 It is a neat idea , but the playset was not really used . The lid is not easy to put on or take off . The base unsnaps to lay ` flat ' , which it does n't due to being snapped up . The 2 unicorn figurines are really cheesy , and my 3 year daughter would n't even play with them . Neat Idea , but not worth the money .
 I ordered this for my 4 year old granddaughter . The idea is good ; the little case is nice . The unicorn is of poor quality and design . It is posed with its head looking back over its shoulder and the head is not moveable . The legs look like half a leg to a 4 year old ... as they are one sided and hollowed out on the side facing inward . She asked if I would turn its head around ... which is not possible . She then asked if we could find a better unicorn to use with the case instead of this `` goofy '' one . Maybe less discriminating children would like it ... but I 'm looking for a `` better unicorn . ''
 This item was purchased for my seven year-old grandson with the purpose of encouraging him to hang up his clothes daily . Unfortunately the clothes rack fell over almost immediately after assembly and was broken rendering it unusable . I do n't know what the problem was but suspect that the top team emblem is too heavy for the slender rack to support . A cute idea that did not work!MargaretFan of the San Diego Padres
 The instructions lacked detail and order of progression . There were pieces that were left over , these pieces clearly went to another structure . The front of the building was cut for two doors and there was only one .
 I did n't get this farm house from amazon , but I just bought this kit , brand new from a hobby store , still in the shrink wrap , and it was not only missing three MAJOR pieces , the front of the house seems to be from a different set all together ! I had to remake the entire house and use twice the glue just to make it work with out the three pieces , so if your buying a kit , beware.Other then missing the pieces , it is a nice house , but I think I 'll just by the pre-built buildings from now on .
 I just did a search for 18 '' doll beds and this one came up . I already own this one and it IS NOT for 18 '' dolls . WAYYY too small for 18 '' dolls . If you need a bed for an 18 '' doll , do not buy this one . Otherwise it 's cute . . maybe for a barbie-size doll . I ordered it for an 18 '' doll and was very dissappointed that it was advertised as an 18 '' doll bed when it is definitely not .
 I ordered this for an 18 '' American Girl doll , as it was offered under furniture for 18 '' dolls . The only way the doll fit in the bed was to put the head up on the headboard with a pillow . -LRB- the knees do not bend -RRB- We both loved to colors and bedding , but it was a good 6 '' too short
 I received the shipment last night . I was very disheartened to realize that the bed was a hard plastic one piece bunkbed that did not have any of the cloth or covers that appear on the above image.Orignally when I placed the order I was excited that my daughter would get such a cool bed for her doll . This was nothing like I expected.I will not do this again ...
 I bought this bed as a Christmas present and paid extra for shipping to get it in time . Unfortunately , it was Christmas Eve before it dawned on me that the bed did n't look big enough to accommodate an 18 '' doll . I ran downstairs , got a tape measure , and sure enough -- it was only 13 '' long . It came up in a search for beds for 18 '' dolls so I never thought to look closer at the specs . By the time I paid to ship it back , half the price of the item had been paid in expedited shipping to me and regular return shipping for me to return it . I 've seen another post complaining of this and it STILL comes up in a search for beds for 18 '' dolls !!!!!!
 I purchased this bed for my daughter as a Christmas present . She had asked for furniture for her American Girl doll . Her doll is too big for this bed . The description of this bed is not accurate . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I ordered this toy for a Christmas present . The seller sent me a different toy unrelated to my purchase . I tried to contact the seller to no avail . I provided neg . feedback on Amazon and the seller then replied and asked me to remove it and they would refund my money . I have sent approx . 20 e-mails to the seller on how they would be refunding my money and still no reply and no chargeback on my account . I am out $ and have a toy that I do not want . I like to type so until I see my money refunded I will continue to warn other buyers so they do n't have to go through what I have .
 We bought this for my daughter 's 1st Birthday , and I was so excited and so sure she was going to love it ! Nope , she played with it for about 30 seconds , and was bored ! The thing is so small , that only little bitty babies could play with it while on their stomachs , and a baby small enough to play with it would not have the motor skills to do so ! She attempted to pull up on it a few times , but it tips over ! I noticed that as soon as I took it out of the box ! NOT STURDY AT ALL ! I have trouble opening some of the doors , so no way a little one could ! The phone is impossible for little hands to hang up as well ! We are returning it and buying a big kitchen she can enjoy and grow with !
 I bought this for my 1 year old after hemming and hawing about buying a larger play kitchen . This is really just too small for all but the youngest . My daughter played with it for a month , but now she wants to play with the cooking utensils and pots and pan , and there just is n't enough room to `` play '' with the kitchen . The shape sorter is nice , but there are better ones out there . My daughter , at the time was all about standing , and when she stood at this kitchen , she was taller than the small thing . This is a great kitchen for a very short time frame for the youngest . I would reccommend buying a bigger one , even if you wait a little .
 A friend of mine purchased this for my daughter 's first birthday . She enjoys putting the shapes in the refrigerator door and making them drop down into the pot below . I felt that this toy was of very poor quality though , the microwave and oven door are very difficult for her to open/close and are made of very cheap plastic . When I think of Little Tykes I think of quality and this is one toy that is lacking that !
 My aunt bought this for my daughter last Christmas . She was a year old at the time and did not play with it at all . I figured she would play with it as she got a little older but she is almost 2 now and it is in brand new condition still . She does like putting the shapes in the shape sorter and hitting the button to make them spill out , but besides that she does n't play with it . I agree if it were a little taller than maybe she would be intersted a little more . She is very small but still has to bend down to use it . Also it tips over very easily !! I am going to spend a little more this Christmas and get the full sized one . Hopefully she will play with that one !! : -RRB-
 My 2 year old daughter gor this as a gift for Christams , and I got her a big kitchen . She has never played with this one . Put the money into a big kitchen it does n't fall over and will be more worth it in the end .
 My twin daughters received this as a Christmas present whent they were 11 months old . The first day they woke up and found this toy set up in the living room , their eyes lit up . The girls really like the shape sorter and laugh every time pushing the ice maker button makes the `` ice cubes '' fall out . Each of the ice cubes fits in any of the three holes , so there is less frustration for the babies , who are more interested in pressing the button anyway . Mommy likes to put pretend food and bowls in the microwave , oven and refrigerator and to `` cook '' on the stove and wash food in the sink . Unfortunately , the twins prefer to play by taking everything out and then turn their attention elsewhere.Best feature is the red phone , which the twins fight over . The worst is that this toy tips over pretty easily . As the girls are now walking , this kitchen is getting to be a little too small . We 're going to have to get a larger one soon .
 Our daughter received this as a Christnmas present . At 9 months she tended to tip it over when she would hold onto it and try to stand . She also shattered the green oven door when she climbed on it after she tipped it over and the pieces were hard and sharp.I was shocked at how easily the door shattered and quite disappointed . It ended up in the trash after only having it for a few weeks .
 I bought this for my son for his 1st birthday . I was espeically interested in the shape sorter for him . It 's not much use given that all the shapes fit easily through the round hole - not very educational . The phone absolutely will not stay on the side of the kitchen , it never has . I find that overall it is too small as well . My son always has to sit at it when he 'd rather be standing and playing . My son does play with it sometimes but I think it could be very much improved .
 I bought this toy for my 9 month old daughter . Convinced she would love it . I have tried for almost a month now to get her interested in this toy to no avail . Other than chewing on the ice cubes & pail she could care less about it . For that I could have just bought her plastic blocks to chew on that are far cheaper . Also , now that she is crawling she tried to pull herself up on it and it is so weightless it toppels over . I disagree with the manufacturer recommended age . This would probably be a much better toy for a 2-3 year old child that understands the kitchen and pretend play .
 I bought this for my daughter who is 17 months old . I was extremely excited since her daycare provider told me that the kitchen area was her favorite . I payed -LSB- money -RSB- for it . We put it together while she was sleeping and eagerly awaited morning to see her play with it . Huge disapointment . Within 5 minutes she was bored with it and moved on to a. . . ball . This thing is so tiny . The inside of the fridge is filled with `` drawers '' that do n't pull out taking up space . The shelf in it was just big enough to fit a small box of animal crackers . The same with the oven and microwave . Even in a sitting position she had to bend to play with it . The range top was only big enough to fit the pot and pan it came with and there was no overhead room to drop play food in them . The shape sorter is n't at all educational because there are only 3 shapes and they all fit into the circle hole so there was no challenge . Bad investment ...
 I bought the Little Tikes discovery sound kitchen for my 9 month old granddaughter . She liked the different shapes and putting them in the right holes in the frig and pushing the green button to retrieve them . BUT , she pinched her cute little fingers several times in the top of the frig door . Secondly , the kitchen is easily pulled over and in opening the frig door she repeatedly pulled the kitchen over on top of her . Needless to say , I returned the toy the next day .
 Although I thought it was really cute , it tips over WAY too easy . Thankfully it is not heavy ! My older children -LRB- 6 & 9 -RRB- have played with it far more than my 2 year old .
 i bought this product for my daughters first birthday she loved it but she keep getting her hands caught in the slots for the blocks i finally called little tikes the holes should be made bigger so it doesnt happen .
 Although my kids have great fun with the toy , when it works , I have been disappointed by it since its arrival . First it was not what I had expected , an error on my part . But then within the first day the Bobble head came off . The `` on/off '' switch on the bottom of the toy does n't always work . And that pretty much covers all the `` exciting features '' of this toy . Cyborg spend most of his days in the bottom of the toy box and we 've only had him for less than 2 months .
 I let my 3-year old pick this toy out for his birthday . Boy , what a mistake ! This toy is not for the younger child -LRB- unless he/she is being raised as part of a pit crew for Nascar -RRB- . My son was bewildered when this interactive car started barking out `` change the front tires ... we are going to lose the race ! '' What made it worse was the irritating voice kept repeating this phrase until its demands were met ! Another point to make about this toy is that even though it is made of durable plastic , the car has a really tough time making its way across any kind of carpet.Overall , this toy may be great for the older race car enthusiast but I would skip it for a younger child . And I would definitely re-think the choice if carpet is on your floor ! It 's not the loss of front tires that makes this car lose races ... it 's the fact the car has NO POWER to get across the finish line!Do yourself a favor & skip this one ... I am now having to make a trip to the store to return this thing !
 This ball worked off and on . It would quit then start back up . Passing it in play should be gently , because it quits if thrown . Maybe something is loose inside . But it was very disappointing to have it quit . When it worked it was fun and a challenge to get the commands right .
 Not sure why , but the first time my son saw one of these ... he said in a loving voice `` Bobby '' Not sure where he got that name or why he assigned it to this stuffed animal since he was only 13 months old at the time and had just started talking , but it has been his favorite toy since . He calls for it several times a day and is constantly sucking on the cats nose . We are on our 3rd one in about 7 months as these were obviously not made to be in a child 's mouth . The eyes and nose came off of the 2nd one and we are hoping that it was a one time thing . Luckily they are so small there is not a choking hazard .
 This item was purchased for my seven year-old grandson with the purpose of encouraging him to hang up his clothes daily . Unfortunately the clothes rack fell over almost immediately after assembly and was broken rendering it unusable . I do n't know what the problem was but suspect that the top team emblem is too heavy for the slender rack to support . A cute idea that did not work!MargaretFan of the San Diego Padres
 Horrible -- not a regular sized beanie baby -LRB- and I know the difference between McD 's teenies , regular , and buddies -RRB- , embroidered eyes instead of plastic , crumpled tag that was a single-sided tag instead of folded tag , nothing new about it at all . Totally disappointed , received a nasty e-mail from the company -LRB- seller -RRB- and it is in the mail to go back .
 I thought this toy would be cute since my boys like Mighty Beanz . But , it is very cheap , difficult to set up and the beanz do n't travel well on it . We threw it out the same day we got it .
 i just bought the bean track and i 'm bringing it back . it was really hard to set up and it is really unstable even if you just tap it the track falls off of the yellow arms because they do not connect to the track . the beanz are good but the track stinks .
 After trying for half an hour to figure out how to make the beans go down the track without getting stuck at the turns , I finally decided that it was physically impossible . The track is not tall enough , the beans wo n't go down . Do n't waste your time or money on this ... this is going right back to the store as soon as I find the receipt .
 DO N'T WASTE UR MONEY ... THIS IS A DISGRACE !!!!!!!!!!!!! the track is so fragile if u touch it it 'll FALL OVER ... and what the heck i use my birthday money for LITTLE PLASTIC BITS OF JUNK !!! DONT BUY IT ITS A WASTE OF MONEY !!!! ... trust mep.s . i would have given it 0 stars but it would n't let me.p.p.s.s . same goes for the rest of the tracks : -LRB-
 First , the track pieces go together easily -LRB- that 's the only good thing I can say -RRB- . There 's two problems - the track does n't attach to the yellow ` arms ' that extend from the posts , so it 's diffcult to stabilize the track and the posts are n't tall enough to really get some momentum going to get the beanz to the bottom -LRB- the beanz tend to stall at every corner -RRB- . We might try building something with Lego to see if we can prop it up and get it to work . This toy is more work than it 's worth .
 I was at my friends house and he was showing me what he got for his birthday . He showed me everything from hotwheels to X box games but I saw this in a little box and I asked `` What 's this ? '' He said he did n't even bother wanting to put it together so I said I would give it a shot . Most people on here are saying it is a drag to put together . That is one of the least issues with the track . The track goes together in a basic but confusing way , because you have to do all this stuffy stuff with theese thingys . When I finally got it together the things that hold up the track on the bar started to fall off . Geez , how Mighty ! When we used super glue to hold it together the beanz would go down without a push here and there . Over all beanz are a little crazy now , but at a thrift store they have a 4 packs of beanz for a dollar thingy , and that 's all I am wiling to pay for anythign bean related . I used to love mighty beanz , but now I think that lots of things of this nature have given it a disgrace.-Doug
 I got this toy for my birthday and no matter what the beans would get stuck in the track . DO NOT BUY THIS TOY !!!! The only reson it has any educational value is that you learn how to tweak it so one mighty bean hits the bottom . The only good thing is you get two racing mighty beanz .
 This toy is so incredibly small that a child can not possibly pull it on the floor . When my 11 month old tries to pull it , she ends up picking it up in the air and walking around like that because it has not weight to stay on the floor.It does not have a bell that makes noise , as the product description says . I bought this because it was an eco friendly non toxic toy for my daughter but because it is sooooooooo small and does not function as it is supposed to , I think it is a rip off at $ 20 . I thought by the picture that it would be the same size as a regular pull toy.I am highly disappointed by this product.It is not worth the money
 again
 I really want to love this toy . It 's adorable and I got it for my son to try to prevent yet another plastic toy entering our house however he has barely paid attention to it in the two months since his 1st birthday that the toy has been in our house . If it was bigger it might get noticed more but it is really tiny and the string is short so I think he is not sure what to do with it . He loves the wooden push along kangaroo he got which was only a few dollars more so I recommend that instead .
 The cooking set is just okay . The lid does n't fit on the pan correctly . The play set is a little cheap looking , and for the price I wish I would 've got a different set . My 2 yr old does love it , but we 'll have to see how long it lasts .
 I paid $ 10.00 for this little set which included shipping . This was a good deal , I thought . The items are very small , just so that you are prepared . The handles on the pot come off and I think that they could be a choking hazard . The set is colorful but not durable at all in my opinion . If I have seen this in a store before I ordered I would not have this item . Pictures can be missleading on size !
 `` BROKEN '' My two year old screams at me , just hours after opening the package . It 's cheap plastic and the utensils break way too easily , but the actual pots and pans ar n't bad . My son really likes the teapot .
 I bought this set for the tea kettle and the different utensils . Those pieces have been great and my babies love to play with them . My complaints are about the pots and lids . First , the pots are not perfectly round . So the lids do n't fit and fall into the pots . This frustrated my son so much that I had to take the lids away . Even worse , the small pot broke in the first half hour of play . My daughter fell down on top of it and the handle broke off and flew across the room . Of course , since I wanted the tea kettle and the utensils , I 'd probably have bought the set anyway .
 within five minutes the celophane decals came loose and tangled in the rotors . Then an electrical connection on one motor broke , and needs to be resoldered . The whole thing flew for maybe 10 minutes . It 's repairable - this time - but hardley worth the time , money , and effort .
 Both my boys -LRB- 2 and 3 -RRB- like to play with this toy . It was a Christmas gift from their grandparents -LRB- which I requested for them -RRB- . My older boy likes to pretend shop , and it provides a lot of variety -- there are always things we `` need '' to buy , and we can use items from other toys -LRB- not just the small cardboard boxes that came with the toy -RRB- . My younger boy likes the grating sound from the conveyor belt . However , it 's hard to imagine anything more cheaply made . I was surprised at the low quality , given its high price . I would give this one star , but the kids like it . From now on , I will be a bit more cautious of the Learning Resources brand .
 I was excited to get this for my son , but I was extremely disappointed when I took it out of the box . This toy is so cheaply made , it 's embarrassing . The cash register does n't stay on the scanner , it falls off continuously , making the scanner non-functioning . The number key pad on the register is one big square , not individual numbers . That was a big disappointment since I ca n't tell my son how much something is and have him punch in the price . The `` food '' it comes with is made out of flimsy cardboard -LRB- except for a couple of plastic items -RRB- which were destroyed by my son within minutes after trying to scan them . It 's too bad , because this is such a cute idea , and my son really liked the scanner when it worked . It became more frustrating than fun after a little while though . I ca n't believe how difficult it is to find a well made item like this . Do n't waste your money on this one . It 's a piece of junk .
 I purchased this Cash Register for my grand kids for Christmas this yr . and now I 'm racking my brain for another idea to replace this gift . It is SO cheaply made , I ca n't believe it ! Next time I 'll pay close attention to the reviews . And hope I still have time to replace this gift b/f Christmas . I LOVE Amazon ! I Do Not love this Toy ! : -LRB-
 I was so disappointed by the poor quality of this product . It 's cheaply made and continuously beeps whenever the conveyor belt is hooked up to it , so my kids never want to play with it . Do n't waste your money on it .
 This toy looks good in pictures but the quality is quite poor . For example , the buttons look like individual buttons but they 're not . My kids want to push buttons and open the drawer but it 's just one solid chunk of buttons . Not very fun to push or play with . The conveyer belt is spotty at best . Sometimes it works but most of the time it does n't . The food is all cardboard that flattens out during the first play . They 're are definitely better cash registers out there !
 I bought this with high expectations and I am afraid that I was disappointed . Several other reviewers have mentioned these issues , but here are the major problems with this :1 . The play food that comes with the set is made of flimsy cardboard and does n't hold up at all .2 . The checkout is in 2 pieces that hook together , but it comes apart if you move it at all .3 . The buttons are not individual for the register , and act as one big button4 . The beeping mechanism is hard to get to beep without pushing down on it pretty hard.I would expect quality of this type for an item under $ 15 , not above $ 30 .
 I bought this item for several reasons , The working belt and the ability to scan and add up items . The Belt is the only thing that is nice about this toy . The scanner makes an annoyiing BUZZ and the numbers sort of spin . The unit is also in two pieces and falls apart easily making the kids frustrated . It is a very expensive toy that sits in the corner and does not get played with very ofter .
 Using this toy can be extremely fun if you are rich but if you are poor , the educational value diminishes because many young children do not have any money to go to the grocery store to buy things . This takes 4 DD batteries which are used for the laser light for credit cards -LRB- be careful not to look directly at the light when putting card through -RRB- . It can be fun though if you want to play inside on a cold rainy day or if your friends went to the park and left you alone .
 I was surprised at the low durability of this product since I had also purchased the School House from Learning Resources at the same time . The figures of the School House were much more durable . After two hours of playing with this Royal Palace , one the arms of one of the figures fell off . The heads of the figures are very wobbly too.However , I appreciated the fact that the figures are not all white people . The castle itself seems good .
 Got this for my grandchildren since they loved the Little People Castle -LRB- no longer available -RRB- . Found it to be cheaply made and very frustrating to play with . Horses do n't stand up , people hardly move . Would not recommend this .
 Toy broke on the first day and is bad quality . Way too big of a toy for the small about of interest my daughter showed in it !
 Neat idea , but poorly executed . The size is all wrong ; too big for a kid 's pocket and not aligned so that it can actually velcro closed .
 IF you put more than a few bills in it is difficult to close . The Velcro is placed in such a way to not allow much expansion .
 This wallet is super cute with fake money and credit cards . The only problem is that if you have the credit card in the wallet , it is impossible to close . So , the cards are not compatable with the wallet . If you put the money and coins in it , I can close it with some difficulty , but my 3 year old is not able to close it . It would be fun otherwise ! We ended up just using the money , coins , and cards as a toys by themselves .
 cheaper quality and not as interesting as I had envisioned for a 5 year old . I would not have bought it had I seen it first .
 I 'm shocked that other parents have not commented about the pre-programmed caller , `` Aunt Gladys . '' `` Aunt Gladys '' asks your child if they want to come over and see her dogs ' new puppies . That question immediately made me feel uncomfortable . It 's a common ploy among child predators to ask a child if they would like to see puppies.Maybe I sound overly cautious , but I do n't want my small child learning that it 's appropriate for a stranger to ask them to look at puppies . -LRB- I know they say she 's an Aunt , but we do n't have an Aunt Gladys , so it 's a stranger to her ! -RRB- I hope my feedback helps you to make an informed decision .
 This Learning Resource phone did in fact help my daughter learn our telephone number -LRB- helped by a incentive of a trip for ice cream when she did it -RRB- -- and quite satisfactorily allowed a personalized recording of our voices to be waiting for her when she successfully dialed it -LRB- just the 7 digits -- no area code -RRB- . I was looking forward to her playing with it for years -- and then it broke . The entire middle row of numbers stopped `` beeping '' when pressed . I too , fancy myself as someone who can take apart and put things together -- unscrewed the back and when I got it off , found the densely soldered network around the keypad unfixable -LRB- by me , anyway -RRB- . So , for the two weeks it worked , great!And then it broke.Rather disappointing overall .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas , as he requested a toy telephone and I thought it would be beneficial for him to start learning how to call his own phone number and 911 . First of all , it is difficult to program phone numbers into speed dial . The pamphlet tells you how but of course that was lost rather quickly . Second , within a few hours of my son receiving this toy , the sound stopped working . Changing the batteries did not help . Luckily my husband is pretty adept at taking things apart and fixing them , but it 's safe to say that every other time my son takes this toy out to play with it , the sound is not working , and he has to wait for his dad to take it apart and reconnect some wires . I would not recommend this product . Definitely not worth the $ $ .
 The toy is not working . Only the green on/off light is on , occasional beep , totally silent otherwise , no display . I changed the batteries to no effect.Now I need to return it . Very disappointed . Will see how amazon customer service deal with this and write a final review .
 I was happy to get the game quickly but was very disappointed that it was missing things ... directions for the game and the dice to go with it . Nothing was ever done about it even after I complained to the original seller . Will not buy from them again .
 This toy was disappointment . When I bought it , I expected fun game with cool , original questions and a way to really be able to put my friends on the spot in a fun way and generally get aagreat party game that would please all . But the questions that they give you are so boring ! The `` fib finder '' tool never tells the truth . You could make up a version by yourself with questions out of the top of your head and some coins to filp to see `` if they are telling the truth '' and get the same results .
 My 8 year-old HAD to have this for Xmas but when she opened it , it was different than expected and her interest lasted about 6 minutes . She was disheartened to see that it is totally random in the `` lie detecting . '' It 's mildly entertaining but really just a battery-powered version of the good ole ' Magic Eightball !
 I had to put in at least one star . That is not true . It is not fun at all . I never play wih it ! The only thing you learn is stuff the other person does n't want to say ! I would n't reconmend this toy to ANYBODY !!!!
 If you read this , listen to me . If you have -LRB- money -RRB- to spend , do n't waste it on this stupid thing . It only does a pattern , it is not educational , and it is so dumb . If you was going to blow -LRB- money -RRB- and you want this toy , you might as well save your money.In my opinion this is the most worthless toy ever made .
 Fib Finder ? Ya right ! I got this for my birthday party , and let me tell you this was incredibly stupid ! I am not much of a lier , but this game said i was lieing every time i was asked a question - which isnt true !!! The only reason i gave this game 2 stars was because when you asked someone if they liked someone who you know they didnt like , but the Fib Finder said they did , it was funny . All in all , this toy isnt very educational , unless if you need to know that lieing is bad , and honesty is good . If you want a garbage game to laugh about , and have to money to pay for it go ahead and buy it . For people like me , DONT BUY THIS !!!
 This toy is a complete rip-off . I bought it , thinking it would be fun . I opened it up and played it only to get terribly disappointed . It does not really tell if you are lying , it is just a random thing . Not only that , the questions are boring ! Like `` have you ever told a lie ? '' and `` what is your favorite ice cream flavor ? '' and `` who do you admire as a role model ? '' and things like that.Basically , this game is boring and a waste of money . You ca n't even turn it off to save battery power ! I do not recommend it at all !
 The `` fib finder '' is supposed to tell it your lieing or not . It onlyy depends when you let go of the button ! It is really boring too .
 My 10 yr . old daugher got this as a gift and it is such a waste of her time . It just randomly tells a player they 're fibbing and who wants to be called a liar when you 're telling the truth !
 I was at a friend 's party when she got Fib Finder.She got all excited and begged us to play but I did NOT because another girl at the party told me that the game had a pattern -LRB- it used truth 2 times in a row , then once it could n't decide , then it used lie twice -RRB- , and I beleived her . I watched the other girls play and saw that my friend was right ! Even a rock would be more fun to play with , in my opinion ! My summary is , KEEP AWAY FROM THIS GAME !
 I purchased this model for display because I have heard the detail was very good . Upon first inspection , I was pretty impressed . However , as I began to assemble this model -LRB- which goes together pretty quickly and easily -RRB- I began to notice a LOT of mistakes and defects . The paint has quite a few touch-up spots that apparently were painted with no thought of overspray . There is overspray all over the aircraft . There is an exceptionally bad defect in the paint that looks like there was hair and grit in it that is about an inch by 3/4 inch . The fins on one of the gas tanks are cocked by about 10 degrees . The picture shows the air brakes extended but they do not extend on the model . Overall the model is pretty impressive in size but the paint and over all finish leaves much to be desired for the price . In addition , the manufacturer was not at all interested in trying to exchange this model for one with fewer defects . I will most likely NOT purchase another model from this manufacturer .
 Ordered this for my one year old . I play all instruments by ear . I am highly sentitive to the sounds that even toy instruments produce , and this one does not even come close . I have seen and own toy xylaphones that sound WAY better than this one . Not one single bell is in tune , and if I try to play a song on it , it does not even sound like the song I am trying to play . If you want your child to actually play music instead of making noise , do not order this !!!! Gave it to the Goodwill .
 Completely out of tune . I do n't expect a toy like this to be perfect , but you ca n't even play any recognizable tunes . What 's the point of music sheets if no one can recognize what you 're playing anyway.I called customer service and they told me that it 's not intended to be a musical instrument -LRB- even though they clearly advertise this product to have `` clear and accurate tones '' -RRB- . I was told that it 's just meant to be a toy for banging on . When I brought the discrepancy on the product description to their attention , they did n't seem to care at all . They also told me that I should tap on it lightly . First , that does n't make a difference . Second , a toy for toddlers that 's meant to be tapped on lightly ?! Seriously ?! Have these people ever seen or met a toddler ?! Worthless product , i can have my kids bang on pots and pans for FREE . Based on this product and customer service , will not be buying from Litte Tikes again .
 C , D , E -LRB- flat -RRB- , F , G , A , B -LRB- flat -RRB- , and C. ... . I also contacted the manufacturer , and was told it was intended as a toy . The Company 's philosophy towards toys is different from mine . I will not buy Little Tikes ever again .
 The notes are so out of tune on this xylophone that we had to get rid of it because it drove my husband and me crazy ! If you just want your baby to bang out random noise , go for it . Yes , it 's sturdy , and well built , but if you 'd like to attempt a song in tune , buy something else .
 This xylophone would be great , except one of the keys is out of tune . It 's so annoying , you ca n't play any basic song , nothing sounds right all because of one little off note . Otherwise I would really like this toy .
 Product seemed cheaper then you would hope . If you get it on a good sale I guess you get what you pay for .
 Sadly , a couple of the notes on the xylophone we received was out of tune . I contacted Little Tykes ' customer support , and was told that it was n't supposed to be a usable instrument , just a toy . Er ... My toddler has plenty of toys , but I wanted her to learn music , hence the xylophone.After I pressed them on their purported high standards , CS relented and offered to replace it , but the only option was to destroy the toy and send them proof , after which they 'd send me another -- with no guarantee that the next one would be in tune . I 'd rather cut my losses and give this one to Goodwill than deal with the hassle.Lesson Learned
 This thing would be a fine toy except the pitch is so off , the songs are barely recognizable . The toy is little more than a fun noisemaker ... but do n't expect any musical ability to be nurtured by this thing .
 This xylophone is completely out of tune . The smallest bar actually has a lower pitch than the one next to it . I was disappointed that Little Tikes would make a musical instrument and not even take the time to make it in tune . I am sure kids will have fun hitting the bars but to me it is n't worth it .
 My son received this for Christmas . Unlike other child xylophones we 've used , this one is completely out of tune.We tried playing ` twinkle twinkle little star ' and ` Mary had a little lamb ' on it but it 's not possible with the bizarre notes assigned to the keys.It appears they had a manufacturing problem or quality control issue and sent them out anyway.This xylophone might pass as a toy but do n't get it if you want to teach your child music .
 We had this toy and returned it in 24 hours . I wanted a xylophone for my daughter who asked for one at age 2 . This was a poor example of a xylophone . There are 2 keys that are the same length and therefore play the same note . The string for the mallet is so short you can hardly enjoy hitting the keys . It 's durable and colorful , but that 's not enough for parents to endure the shrill noise that comes from playing it . Little Tikes needs to go back to the drawing board on this one .
 I was really excited to purchase this xylophone for my son after he spent so much time using the one I grew up with during a visit to Grandma 's house . But this is yet another lesson in `` toy quality is not what it used to be . `` Although my son still has a great time pounding away with the plastic mallet , there are some things about this xylophone that drive me crazy .1 . It 's out of tune . Seriously , it could n't play a diatonic scale to save it from the trash heap . Try playing simple songs like `` Twinkle , Twinkle Little Star '' or `` Mary Had a Little Lamb , '' and you 'll go crazy because it just does n't sound right .2 . The sounds produced from this xylophone do n't sound very musical at all . It really just makes me think of hitting against a bunch of different metal objects . Not very pleasant to listen to .3 . The cord for the mallet is so short that it 's difficult to actually hit the bars . -LRB- Easy fix
 Really wish I had seen these reviews on the terrible sound quality -LRB- both tone and pitch -RRB- of this xylophone . The top four notes are horrendously out of tune . A friend in the neighborhood has the same model and they have the same complaint . If you intend to foster musicality in your toddler , definitely look elsewhere .
 This toy is horribly out of tune . You ca n't even play a scale on it without wincing . I called Little Tykes customer service and they offered to send a new one but said that it would probably have the same issue . Fortunately Amazon has a great return policy . This toy is NOT recommended .
 My son received this xylophone for Christmas . We are really disappointed that the notes are out of tune . No fun . We are going to sell it on Craigslist .
 The thing is NOT in tune - not a big deal to a child but annoying to be around at times . Yup .
 I purchased this for my grandchild and ended up returning it . Yes , it is durable . Yes , it is colorful . But , no , it does not play the notes correctly . The scale is out of tune . It plays high notes `` lower '' than the low notes . If you want your child to play songs or to hear the actual scale , this is not the toy to buy . For not much additional cost I purchased a xylophone listed under Musical Instruments .
 It only takes a few seconds to notice that this xylophone has two keys that play the same note . This makes it impossible to play any of the songs . Absurd .
 2 out of 8 keys are very flat , so none of the songs that we tried sound good on it . I 'm very disappointed and will be looking into returning it .
 I normally love Little Tikes but this xylophone was a disappointment . First of all , only 5 of the keys were in tune . One was so badly out of tune that even my 5 year old could tell the difference . If you ca n't actually play a simple tune or a scale on it , what 's the point ? I might as well give my kids pots and a wooden spoon and save my money . Also , you 'd need to actually cut the cord to use the little hammer . My 2 year old was immediately frustrated by not being able to reach the last key easily . I sent it back .
 For anyone with vague musical sense , this is a TERRIBLE toy . The pitches on the xylophone do not even vaguely correspond to an octave scale . Some of the notes are more than a half step flat . I purchased two of these -- and BOTH of them are horrible . I am so disappointed that I removed them from the package , or I would have returned them .
 I have never reviewed an item on Amazon before despite purchasing a lot of stuff . This was the first time I was ever moved to take the time to do it because I am very mad.This product looks like cute and inexpensive xylophone for an infant . Indeed when I opened it up I thought `` Neat ! My kid is gon na love it and learn ! '' However to my chagrin , two of the xylophone metal pads are the same tone . They are a different color , but when you tap them it is clear they just painted them differently . You ca n't even play some of the songs right because there are not enough tones in sequence.The second problem is the music . The box makes it seem like you will have hard backed separate music sheets which will fit in the tray above the xylophone . It is also supposed to be color coded so you can match it on the pads . However , the music in the box was not hard backed and it was not even color coded . So you are left with four songs on one sheet of paper in black and white.Do not buy this product . Spend a little more and get a fisher price one or just buy some other version of the xylophone . they are out there ... I considered them before I bought this one and I wish someone would have told me to do so .
 DO NOT buy this toy if you have any sense of pitch , or if you care about whether your child develops a good musical ear . It is badly out of tune . It costs just as much to manufacture a toy with musical bars properly sized to be in-tune . Yuck !
 We got one of these as a gift . Most of the keys are in tune , but there are a few which just sound awful . Wanting my children to develop a musical ear , I was upset about this . The product claims to develop musical skills in children ; how can it do that if it 's not in tune?So I called Little Tikes customer service who told me , as other reviewers said , that this toy is not a musical instrument , and they could me another , but it might have the same issue . I went for it , figuring how much worse could it be ? I was wrong ; the replacement toy they sent is 5 times worse . Listen for yourself : Sample of original toy -LSB- ... -RSB- Sample of replacement toy -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This xylophone sounds awful - the notes are badly out of tune making it impossible to play even simple melodies . If you want something that makes noise when it is hit , this toy is fine . But if you want your child to be able to play basic tunes , this xylophone is a complete waste of money .
 I have three of these machines . They create a new one every year and I have bought three of them . They are fun and cool and a riot , however , I have had to hot wire each and every one of them to get them to continue to work after the first month . The on/off switches are junk . I hot wire them and then turn them on and off by removing the battery . Yes , it is a pain in the butt , but these are so cool .
 I picked this up because my kids love bubbles . I worked nicely and became a favorite . I think it got the big head , though because it quickly decided it was too good to work . It stopped working properly and began clicking and the wheel turned . It wasted a lot of bubble fluid also . I was upset when it completely stopped working around 4-5 weeks after purchasing . This equated to maybe 10-12 days it was actually used ... If you 're looking for a good , reliable bubble maker , consider ` Amazing Bubbles Bubble Generator ' here on Amazon . It as lasted me near 7 months now .
 It works great out of the box , but as soon as my grandchildren start handling it , it stops working properly . This is my second one , and I do n't think I will be purchasing a third . The wheel keeps getting jammed in one position until it stops producing bubbles completely . I ca n't seem to get it back to it 's original condition . Sorry -LRB- as are my grandchildren -RRB- .
 This toy is great at first , after a few uses it stopped working , I cleaned the inside and the battery compartment out of all solution and it still did not work . I did not overfill just stopped working . Good for a cheap thrill that is about all :O -RRB-
 I was so excited to find a bubble maker this late in the season , however I was sadly disappointed -LRB- and my kids too -RRB- when this quit working after the first day . Do n't waste your money . It 's junk !
 Bought this -LRB- the new updated version -RRB- and it literally lasted one use . My two children had a blast the first evening for about 30 minutes . It never worked again . I 've spent , along with my husband , countless hours now working to find a repair but no such luck . Save your money !
 We have an older model of this exact machine that works PHENOMENALLY WELL ! I actually wanted to buy another one just like it so we could have a backup or to use at parties , but could n't find one at the end of the season last year . This year , they are back , but it is awful . It now tilts back a bit which with the weight of the machine inside , makes it tip over backwards , spilling the bubble solution -LRB- which as you know , is expensive , but works great -RRB- . Secondly , it now has little tripod feet on it instead of a solid circular base which the old model had , so it vibrates and `` walks '' off of the ledge or whatever you have it sitting on ... probably the bad design of weight distribution also has something to do with this . Third , it now has a teeny , tiny reservoir which does n't last very long and you have to monitor it to keep filling it so it does n't run out . The old model allowed you to put the bottle upside down for constant flow for at least 15-30 minutes of play time . I loved this feature because I would turn on the bubbles , go cook dinner and my kids were entertained without much maintenance . Oh , and the wands stopped turning within the first 2 minutes of use . I 'm taking this model back to Costco where we purchased it.I am soooo terribly disappointed that they changed the design of this bubble machine because I thought the original was the coolest gadget on Earth and had recommended it to everyone I know . It has brought my two boys so much fun , enjoyment and laughter . -LRB- ages 5 & 2 -RRB- I was checking Amazon to see if it was the same awful model as Costco sold because I wanted to buy a couple for birthday gifts . I wo n't be buying this one .
 I bought this machine on sale for $ 10 at Walmart & my twin 3.5 yr old boys were so excited . Opened up the box , filled it with solution & it worked ... for about 15 seconds . Literally . I took the wand off to see why they were not spinning & the rod they attached to was stock & making a grinding noise . I could n't open the inside to try & fix it as there are weird triangle shaped screws which I 've never seen before . Good idea in theory , bad in practice .
 I bought two of these . The first ones fan was so week it did n't blow the bubbles . The second one the fan worked but the wands would stop turning , so you had to sit beside it to make sure it would keep going . So not worth it !
 This item worked a couple of times , then died ... Kids were very excited to play with this , then equally upset when it no longer functioned after a couple of tries .
 This is a poor quality barely functional product . At first use it had issues . It comes with a weak fan that has a hard time blowing and I often had to turn the machine off and let it rest a while in order for it to work . This machine also does n't work well on flat surfaces . I had to physically hold it up in the air at an angle in order for it to push any bubbles out and even that only worked for short periods at a time . I would not recommend this product for anyone and suggest that you look at other brands before wasting your time with this one . Save yourself the hassle and avoid this product .
 This product is really cheap and not worth the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . I had accidentally purchased two of these and found out that it cost $ -LSB- ... -RSB- to send back a cheap $ -LSB- ... -RSB- toy.The bubble mixture spills out everywhere.The bubbles only go about 2 feet away and then fall and pile up on the floor.Not worth $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 It was fun while it lasted , but I hate how poorly toys are put together these days . What happened to well-constructed American toys ? For one thing , it eats up WAY too many batteries . They should make it run on a 9V one instead . All those AAs cost money ! And then after a couple months it just stopped working altogether . My husband tried to open it up and fix it and could only get it running again by wrapping the whole thing up in black electrical tape . Everytime it stopped working my toddler son and I had to jiggle it just right for something to connect right again . Frustration , frustration . We give up on ever getting one of these again !
 The bubble machine stopped working 45 days after it was opened as a Christmas present.No reason . Not the batteries.The manufacturer wanted it sent back at our cost and also wanted a proof of purchase from the box ... 45 days after it was opened ... like we hold on to boxes that long . They refused to accept a receipt from Amazon.They / / / like their toys / / / / suck .
 I am on Amazon to find a replacement bubble machine for our 2 year old . He saw this machine after being stored all winter and remembered how fun it is . Unfortunately , I had forgotten that it stopped working -LRB- no power , nothing -RRB- after about 5 uses . I 've tried everything I can think of to fix it with no luck and there is no help available on the company 's website . Disappointed mom and kid .
 After using only a handful of times , this bubble machine stopped working . The battery compartment is not protected and if you do not empty the bubble solution after every use it leaks to the batteries and the machine breaks . Very poorly designed . Do n't waste your money .
 This bubble machine 's life is VERY limited . We had one for a few weeks and got another for a birthday present just in time as the first one croaked . Now 2 weeks later the new one is dead . I will keep returning it to get it replaced throughout the summer because the idea is fantastic and the kids LOVE it -LRB- the dogs too -RRB- . I guess you get what you pay for . $ 12 for a couple weeks of entertainment is pretty good .
 My 18 month old and 4 year old love the Gazillion Bubbles bubble machine -LRB- when it works -RRB- . They could play with it for hours . The Gazillion bubbles brand bubbles last much longer than other brands - but then again , cost much more . So you can use the cheapy bubbles but will have to refill more often.Problem
 I had high hopes for this to work , my Mom as a a wonder bubble machine that works great . I should have followed suit but this was a little cheaper . And Gazillion does have great bubbles , but the machine sucks . It never blew a single bubble out of the machine . I changed batteries twice , let it run for 30 minutes , washed it three times , tried two versions og bubbles . Not a single bubble , not one . Unless you count the ones when I was behind the machine blowing into the stupid thing to make them come out . And even then it was sad . I would not get this or any gasillion machine becuase of how bad this one was .
 I feel like I have the best say for this toy as I needed to buy 4 of them , which allows for a pretty good sample size for the average consumer . I needed to buy 4 of them for a fourth of July Parade . I thought it would be cool if bubbles came from all angles . Unfortunately , 3 of the 4 bubble machines I purchased broke down by the end of the parade ; however , if you are able to get the one good one that this company makes , the toy does do a fantastic job at blowing bubbles for kids . Do not get your hopes to high though , because odds are it will fail .
 This machine leaks badly ! We had to put duct tape around all seems to keep bubble solution inside . would not recommend .
 The machine only spit out about 4 bubbles a minute not 4,000 ! I am returning it asap ! It was pretty disapointing with a 1 1/2 year old and two year old excited for bubbles : -LRB-
 Just like everyone else I know with this toy , it stopped working after only a few uses . We now have a huge container of bubbles and no machine to use it with .
 I do a lot of research before buying anything and this product seemed to come out pretty far ahead of other bubble machines . All I can say is it stopped working after only a few uses . I 've gone back to buying the long bubble wands for just a dollar or 2 at the dollar or party stores . They make a lot of huge bubbles that do n't break easily and we never have to worry about it not working . I gave it three stars for fun because it was - for the first 10 minutes it worked .
 We bought this bubble machine for our daughter 's 2nd birthday and right out of the box it sucked . At first it seemed fine then the wand wheel started sticking - this is our first use . So I decided to clean it . This did n't help , if anything it made things worse . The gear that turns the wands is the problem and I quite frankly do n't want to delve any further . So , I eat that 25 dollars .
 I just recieved my bubble machine . I was all excited becasue it was gon na be a gift . I put in new batteries and still nothing . I flipped twist exchanged batteries and still it did n't come on . So I packed it up and sending it back . Very disappointed !!!!
 My 2 year old daughter loves bubbles and received this for her birthday . First off , it takes a tiny screwdriver to remove the battery compartment and this is no easy feat . My husband is a pretty handy guy and the screws became stripped and it was a two man operation trying to get the compartment off to add batteries . ONce this was done we screwed the cover back on and voila - nothing ! The bubble wheel barely turned -LRB- and we put new batteries in -RRB- . No bubbles , major disappointment after my 2 year old daughter stood watching the both of us try to get this danged thing put together for 10 minutes . Half of the bottle of bubbles that we poured in was now a total waste as were the brand new batteries we inserted because it wasnt worth the pain in the butt to remove them . This is going directly back to the store . Dont waste your time on this product . For that matter , I wont be buying any more gazillion products based off of my experience on this one . Booooooooo for cheaply made , but expensive toys !
 Initially it worked great . but an inquisitive 2 year old stopped the bubble wand for a brief moment and appears to have stripped the gear mechanism . Epic Fail . Sad Children . Sad end to a birthday party .
 I was so excited to find a bubble machine at a fair price for my 3 year old grandson . instead we were very disappointed when we had only 2 fun days with it on the third time I set it up the motor -LRB- fan -RRB- was barely moving . we changed the batteries still not working properly , I had cleaned it out after each use so no soap scum was present . My new plan is to save my money and buy dollar bubbles and let the kids put them in front of my house fan .
 I was just at Wal-Mart in Cary , NC -LRB- near Raleigh -RRB- , and this item was just SIX DOLLARS . Now I 'm really mad that I overpaid , paying $ 15 here on amazon .
 I PURCHASED TWO OF THESE AT DIFFERANT TIMESTHE SECOND ONE I RECEIVED JUST SAT THERE MAKING A CLICK CLICK SOUND AND THE BUBBLE WHEEL WOULD NOT MOVEAT ALL I MUST HAVE GOTTEN A DEFECTIVE ONE WORST OF ALLIT WAS FOR MY JULY 4TH PATIO BUBBLE PARTYTHE OTHER ONE WORKS PERFECT SO NOW I HAVE MIXED FEELINGS ABOUT THIS PRODUCT AT LEAST IF IT WOULD HAVE WORKED FOR A FEW HOURES I WOULD HAVE BEEN HAPPYI EVEN PURCHASED THERE BUBBLE MIXI DONT THINK I WOULD BUY ANOTHER ONEYOU SHOULD HAVE SEE THE LOOK ON LITTLE PETERS FACE WHEN IT DID NOT WORK AND THIS WAS THE DAY FOR ITTO WORK JULY 4TH AND IT FAILED TO DO SOTHE TRANNY NO GOOD CLICK CLICK TO YOU WHO EVER MADE THIS UNIT
 I 'm embarrassed to admit that I spent $ 22.00 a few weeks ago on this product . Today I see that it is priced at $ 12.99 . I 've heard of price fluctuations on Amazon but this is by far the most ridiculous . I 'm a busy mom and do n't always have time to comparison shop and I 've always counted on Amazon to have the best price . Not this time . Very disappointed !
 The fan motor was just too weak . It would drag around and not get any bubbles out right from the start . Ca n't even return it because I threw away the package . what a waste . And i needed this for a stage show .
 Like all other sy - it stops working after a few uses and even when it did work the bubbles were NOT a plenty . People seem content on buying again after it breaks , but it would be nice for it to have some durability . It is better than blowing the bubbles yourself
 I bought one of these a year ago for my daughter 's birthday party and it was a hit , worked great , and is still going strong . I decided to buy another unit to ` double the bubbles ' for this year 's birthday party ... however . . this unit delivered to me was slightly different in construction and design . It seems the company -LRB- within the last year -RRB- has outsourced to a different manufacturer . The unit tilts back much further and has three ` legs ' instead of a base pedestal it sits upon . Additionally , the liquid bubble container -LRB- and receiver unit it goes into -RRB- is half the original size and volume . Only plus to this new unit is it eliminates the old design 's need for the specialized cap for the bottle to hold the liquid -LRB- if ever lost , then very difficult to make a replacement -RRB- - the new one is a simple bottle with no specialized cap . But here 's the kicker
 We purchased this unit because they have it at my daughter 's daycare , and it works great . The first unit I received did not work . The bubble wheel would not turn . The replacement unit came , and once again it was defective . I am sending both units back and I am going to try a different type of bubble machine . -LRB- As a side note - in terms of bubble fluid , the Gazillion Bubble fluid seems to work the best . There is a drastic difference when compared to some other brands . -RRB-
 This bubble machine does have one thing going for it . It shoots tons of bubbles , just like it says . But because it blows bubbles so quickly , it runs out quickly too . I 've also found it difficult to use . It is difficult to refill and difficult to move without spilling all over the place . My older son loves the thousands of bubbles but my younger son is overwhelmed by it . I wish I 'd gotten something else .
 I splurged on a more `` expensive '' machine for my kids and got this one . After a few uses it stopped blowing bubbles . I used their solution and it did n't work , I tried another solution and it did n't work , I took the front tray off and clean the machine and it just got worse . Now it 's a great paperweight but useless as anything else . Save your money and buy something else .
 Bought for my two year old son for his birthday and worked for five mins . Then motor could not get the wheel to spin . Would work and then not ... Felt bad cause when it did work my son was super happy .
 My son got this for his birthday . He used it once , and somehow bubbles got into the inner mechanisms and it stopped working . Even after removing the batteries and letting it dry out , no dice . Not sure if there was a leak in the bubble dispenser , or it was just poorly made , but my son only got one use out of it .
 We 've had a number of Gazillion bubble machines.The first - this one , with an upright rotating set of bubble wands - worked relatively well , but stopped working after maybe a dozen uses . -LRB- Granted , one of those uses was for a few hours -RRB- . When the level of liquid is low , the machine stops making bubbles since it has to pick up enough liquid to cover the wand.We replaced it the next year with the Typhoon machine - this was awesome , produced a huge quantity of bubbles and worked more reliably since the bubble liquid is sucked up and put on the wands , no matter how low the supply of liquid . It has a large reservoir at the bottom so you do n't need to fill it very often - it takes a lot of liquid though.Our issue now is getting the liquid . Gazillion liquid does produce the best bubbles - they last well , etc. etc. etc. . HOWEVER , very few stores stock the liquid , and except for when I first bought the first machine , no-one stocks large size bottles . Even the online vendors like toys.com who are supposed to have them , never have them in stock -LRB- I 've been on their notify list for a long time ! -RRB- I 've ended up buying from someone in Canada on eBay - otherwise , buying the smaller bottles at ToysRUs , Target , etc. is just too expensive.Both of these machines do n't really work if you try other bubble liquids - other liquids -LRB- especially the cheaper kinds in very large size bottles -RRB- are much thinner and the liquid drips right off the wands before it has a chance to pass by the blower part to make any bubbles.We 're planning to start making our own bubble liquid and hopefully that will cover us . Otherwise , the machines are useless now .
 Great fun to begin with , tons and tons of bubbles.Unfortunately we have n't had one live more than a week or so - we do n't overfill it , we clean it with each use , we store it indoors , we replace the batteries to verify that is n't the issue , etc.They simply are n't durable .
 We bought this for our daughter 2 weeks ago and when we got home , she absolutely loved it . Following the very simple instructions on cleaning it , I did n't foresee any problems ... until we 'd had it for about 3 days , when it stopped working . The battery compartment was drenched with bubble solution and no matter how much I have cleaned it since , it will not work . Putting new batteries in it does n't make a difference.I expected better , but will look elsewhere for our next bubble machine .
 Eventhough I did follow the directions for cleaning , our machine like many other people noted died early . It actually only made it for 2 uses ! I am so sad becasue it was such a cool toy . I plan to return it and hope the next one will be better .
 -- PROS -- * This thing kicks out a lot of bubbles . I do n't think we were getting 4000 a minute , but there were definitely a lot of bubbles . * It was cheap enough at Walmart that even if it stops working after a handful of times , we still got our money 's worth out of it . -- CONS -- * You will blow through the included bubbles -LRB- I 'd call it a `` sample '' size -RRB- in about 10 minutes . * Unfortunately , you really do need to use Gazillion Bubbles to get the best results . After we ran out , I tested my own homemade version and Miracle Bubbles and this is my ranking : BEST
 Stopped working after one -LRB- fun -RRB- use . The problem is a POS electrical switch used to turn it off and on . This switch stops working if you get it wet -LRB- due to corrosion -RRB- . So ... here 's what worked for me :1 -RRB- remove the batteries and the battery compartment . They use a triangle drive for the screws , so ... I roughly modified a square drive with a belt sander ... does n't need to be pretty , just to fit ... does n't take much torque to remove2 -RRB- Cut the wires to the crap switch , pull it out , and send it to the mfg with an impolite note ... maybe they 'll consider fixing their otherwise good product , and not just shipping junk that goes to the landfill after a few uses ... or maybe they just do n't have time for such trivia .3 -RRB- Strip the insulation back on the two wires a bit , and if you have a soldering iron , you can solder on small hooks made from copper wire . If you do n't have a solder iron ... no worries .4 -RRB- push the two stripped wires -LRB- formerly connected to the switch -RRB- out the switch hole , and then put the battery compartment back in ... and put in the triangle screws .5 -RRB- Now it should work , if you hook the two wires together , and unhook when you 're done.I 've had no problems since
 I got this for my children 's birthday party . It worked for approximately 30 seconds , then the batteries started dying . Gave it a rest for a few minutes , and the same thing happened . Changes batteries , still the same problem . SO disappointed .
 I ordered this for my daughters 4th birthday . It is a piece of junk ... it blew bubbles for about 30 seconds and then the motor started going slower and slower ... AND the bubbles leak out of the bottom all over the place . My girls were so disappointed .
 Thought I was alone , I had to manual feed bubble solution and unit is in such more quality , the solution leaks to the batteries . Duh , who designed and tested this . I have bought 5 since and same issue with each . Great the first time , never works again
 The machine stopped working only after a few weeks . The little bottle falls over and the sticky liquid spills all over making the use of it very messy and sticky . Sometimes the machine would work and sometimes it would n't so each time i had to change 12 batteries or so just to see if it 's the batteries or something else . i would not recommend this to anyone .
 We bought it from another store for our sons 2nd bday and it worked fine the first time it was used . It was off and on for approx 3-4hrs that day . As per the instructions I cleaned it up and put it away but the next time I tried it the batteries were almost dead due to the soap having leaked into the battery compartment somehow . The soap dispenser is also useless and we added the liquid by hand as needed . Its going back for sure and I 'll be looking for another brand bubble machine ...
 We bought this last summer and it worked for 2 days and then it would not work no matter what we did.I did clean it after using it both times and I checked the batteries , but it just would not work . Like I said in the title my son loved it for the 2 days that it worked , but it just did n't work long enough . If you 're looking for a good bubble machine that you 'd like to use more than twice I 'd look elsewhere .
 I purchased a simillar one a couple of years ago , and lasted much longer than this one . This machine broke after we used it one time only . I do not recommend it !
 I bought it for my little grandchildren and the third time using it began to lose strength , we changed the battery , cleaned it but still not working properly , I feel I wasted my money
 Had high hopes of bubbles all summer long but it myseriously stopped working before the season ended . Could have been the kids breaking it , but I still expected more from a battery operated bubble blower . Took a lot of batteries to get a it going too .
 I read the reviews on this bubble machine before I bought it and still bought it . I should n't have . It does make TONS of bubbles -LRB- all are the same size -LRB- about an inch and a half -RRB- , -RRB- but the bubble solution only lasted 5 minutes . I was going to order more online , but it 's too expensive . I only used it once and for 5 minutes !! = -LRB-
 This swing is not baby friendly in that the baby can not comfortably lean back and swing . He prefers another swing he has that is more comfortable . He cries to get out of this swing after about 10 minutes . the other swing he will stay in all day if you would let him . We are seriously considering sending this swing back . No reflection on product durablity it just is n't as comfortable as it should be .
 I bought this swing for my 2 year old since his little tykes swing was recalled . The age limit for the dolphin swing says from 12 months to 3 years on the website description . Well , my son is 2 and is of average size and can not even fit a foot into the swing . The little girl next door is 1 1/2 and she barely fits into it . Also getting in and out of it for her was so uncomfortable and she was screaming . I sent this back and would only recommend it for a small child or a child under 1 . I am going to write to STEP2 and suggest they either make the swing bigger or change the age limits .
 This toy is the cheesiest toy I 've ever bought . First off , Cyborg does not bend . Secondly , the car fell apart after a weeks use . Do not buy this toy , it is a waste of money and time .
 It is nearly impossible for the monkeys to hook on to the tree ! I would consider this a pretty lame game . My daughter has invented other ways to use it , like how many monkeys will fit INSIDE the tree , etc. .
 We have the old-school original version of this game and the whole family loves it . We got this travel version to take on a road trip , played it one time , and now plan to return it . The `` easy grip '' pegs are almost impossible to handle -- they slip out of large -LRB- grown up -RRB- and small -LRB- kid -RRB- fingers , and fall out of the holes . As you 're putting one peg in , it 's all-too easy to bump the other pegs and knock them out . The colors are different than the original , which might be fine , except the `` key pegs '' are red & white -LRB- not black & white as in the original -RRB- , and the blue and green code-making pegs are almost the exact same color . Besides all this , the travel version is not that much smaller than the original , so just get that one instead .
 I purchased this game for my teenage daughters because we liked the game . This version is EXTREMELY small , it is difficult to hold and put the pegs in the proper place . If I had known the actual size I would have gotten the larger version . Even too small for travel .
 I played True Colors many years ago with friends while working at a camp , and it ended up being one of those games we went back to frequently just for fun , and a lot of it!HOWEVER , it turns out that the version we played was an earlier release by Milton Bradley released in 1990 , this version is very scaled down , so much so that it takes a lot of the fun out of it . In fact , I sent it back and got my money back .
 I played this game back in the late 90 's and loved it . It was so much fun , but it seems since they remade it ... the statement cards are much different and a little more general . Not as fun . The first time can be great , especially with more then a couple of friends . But it 's not a game to play again and again ... . It really educates you on what people think of you though !
 Just to be blunt , this game is terrible . Three of my friends and I played this one night , it was awful . The questions are very critical and all you end up doing is saying bad things about your friends all night . We had 4 girls with very hurt feelings . The questions are like , who looks best in almost anything they wear . Well , when you are the only one that does n't get ANY votes for that question , you can get to feeling pretty bad about yourself . I know its just a game , but its still not a game you need to play with anyone you want to remain friends with ! Do n't waste your money unless you are ready to be ultimately insulted !
 I will never understand why some people just love this game . There is zero organization , so each round takes forever to figure out . If you 're playing with a lot of people , it 's hard to remember who has what color -LRB- and those tiny clothes pins are nearly impossible to see -RRB- . Plus , the game just sucks.I really , really wish I had a better word to describe this game . `` Sucks '' seems so sophomoric , but I just do n't know what else to say . I 've never seen a game make it easier to hurt someone 's feelings , ego or self esteem . You know those things you 're not supposed to discuss in public ? How about we put them into a game and make our friends feel bad ? Yeah , awesome!Seriously , this game must have been designed by someone with either no friends , or someone who hated their friends . Or maybe it was dreamed up by someone who was trying to get rid of all their friends . It 's hard to say.Anyway , just play Apples to Apples and be nice to everyone . This game is hateful and mean spirited .
 It was a gift for my 9 year old . We thought it would be more challenging but it consistently breaks through after 4 marbles so really not much to play with . Maybe it would be better for a younger child .
 My daughter got this for her 1st birthday . At 13 months , she was able to put the entire ball in her mouth and it got stuck ! We were both frantic as I tried to pry it out of her mouth but it was behind her teeth so extremely hard to get out . It took about 30 seconds , which felt like forever , and I have never been that scared before in my life ! She could hardly breathe ! Please ... it 's not worth it ... please do n't buy this . I 'm tossing mine
 We 've had this toy for a long time and all my kids love it - but today my 13 month old somehow jammed a ball into his mouth and it got stuck there ! It was too big to go down his throat but I could barely pry it out of his mouth and it was really scary ! I 'll never use this toy again . If they make a new model with bigger balls I 'd buy it again .
 The balls of this toy come apart . My son got half of one ball lodged in his mouth and choked and threw up from it . It was a very scary experience . In my opinion , this toy needs to be recalled .
 Do NOT purchase or allow your child to play with this toy . The balls come apart and expose the smaller parts within and expose your child to a horrible choking hazard .
 We 've had this Gumball Machine for a month . My son received it for his first birthday . He LOVES the toy . However , yesterday I watched as he shoved a ball into his mouth . It actually fit ! Now the toy is in the closet until my son stops putting things in his mouth -LRB- who knows when that will be . -RRB- I wish the designer of this toy would have made the balls a little larger !!!
 Recently received this for our 5 year old and I really can not recommend it to anyone . Master Mind is a terrific game concept for developing logic , but this version of the game has a few problems . The most important is that , at the slightest bump of furniture or board , the game pieces do not stay in the shallow indentations on the board . Game over . It 's really that simple and pretty much that inevitable . Also the scoring peg tray overflows into the secret code location so that every time one digs out a scoring peg a wave of pegs flood the secret code cave . Other comments
 Buy the regular Mastermind instead of this `` special '' one for kidsThis is not easier to use and is poorly made .
 The idea of a simpler version of Mastermind for younger players is sound . BUT ... the execution here is extremely poor . The pieces do n't fit in the slots so they constantly fall over . While it might be cute to make the pegs animal shapes , that just makes them harder to handle . A better version would have been slightly larger and easier to handle , with the pegs fitting into the slots more firmly . I 'm an adult and I find the pieces frustrating , so you can imagine how my 6 yos feel about it . You can essentially turn regular Mastermind into a children 's version by eliminating one or more of the color choices -LRB- just set them aside before play -RRB- and/or one of the slots -LRB- just stick a line of masking tape over it until your kid is ready for the more challenging version -RRB- . Voila ! Something that will last longer and that actually works .
 Great game , horrible design . Pieces are hard to handle and fall over at the slightest nudge of the game board . Almost impossible for a 6 year old to uncover the hidden side without knocking all of them over . I wish I had bought the original game edition !
 I have long been a passionate owner and user of the Mastermind game . I bought my first one in about 1977 or 1978 . I rate it as an absolutely great game . Simple , challenging , just wonderful . So when it recently became time to get a gift for my nine year old grandson , and I ran across the `` Mastermind for Kids '' I leapt at the chance to get a mental game and purchased it.I can tell you that few things I have ever purchased have been so badly designed as this piece of crap . I believe that I have a sound basis for the statement , as I have more than forty years experience as a design engineer . Let me explain.Whereas the original game was entirely `` functional '' the current kids ' version is anything but . First the shape of the pieces . Ok , I `` get '' that mere pegs like the original used which , although ABSOLUTELY functional simply would NOT work with a kids ' version ... I mean the pieces have to look like animals or something - otherwise simply too boring and the kid will be back at the video game before the wrapping is in the garbage . Not that it is possible unless foretold to recognize the wacky shapes as animals . But here is the thing ... . those silly shapes offer NO opportunity to actually hold them in the hand and place them on the board . That applies to both the larger pieces and the `` answer '' pieces . No tactile grip is possible . Second , the whole thing is too small to place a piece on the board without knocking over the adjacent pieces . This is all made the worse because of ... Third . . and worst yet ... the placement `` cavities '' on the board are not deep enough to retain the pieces once placed on the board . They fall willy-nilly upon placement.I simply can not understand how and why such insane crappy ideas ever get into production . It reeks of inexperienced marketing idiots controlling design . It could not have cost an additional seven cents to make the product usable.Except for the emotional aspects of the gift I would have take the whole crappy thing and put it in the garbage .
 I am so disappointed with this game that I would return it if my dog had n't chewed up a bunch of the game pieces . The pieces are frustrating to use -- they fall over very easily . I do n't know why they did n't stick with pegs . These are little flat-bottomed pieces that are supposed to stay put but do not . And the codemaker 's pieces are also tricky to set up -- very difficult for a young child to do alone . Mastermind can easily be altered to play with young kids and it 's a great game . I wish I had bought regular Mastermind and simply altered our play rules by using only 3 pieces and/or attempting only to guess colors and not positions . I thought the little animal pieces would be cute , but they are too small and indistinct to make much impact . It is hard for me to understand how this product made it through market-testing , but it appears that many people were satisfied with the product so maybe I and my children are unusually klutzy with the little pieces or something .
 this game is just like regular charades and you need a lot of people like a big party
 We bought this game -LRB- maybe obviously -RRB- because we were hoping to play charades with a child who ca n't read yet . We are a frequent game playing family and so went through the 50 picture cards in just a few rounds . The kids were really excited about this game in the beginning , but now that we 're back to whispering in the hallway and trying not to hear each other , we all get frustrated and frankly do n't choose it much anymore .
 I was so excited to get this for my nephew who is a huge scooby doo fan , however when I got this , I was really dissapointed in the quality . First , the box was ripped open and it almost looked as if the parts fell out and someone just threw them back in the box . Then the cards are cardboard you have to cut out . The scooby figurine is super tiny too . Just was n't what I expected .
 Blockhead is the original stacking game , this is NOT the original blockhead . I felt cheated .
 This is a very tiny version of the original game . It may be my fault , but I was expecting it to be much larger .
 Had this game as a child , over 60 now , and purchased it for our granddaughter . The pieces are much smaller now making it very difficult , thus not much fun , for younger children . Even adults who remember playing this game are not impressed with this `` new '' one .
 I attempted to play this with my daughter at a friend 's house and got bored merely reading the directions . I found the directions to be tedious and confusing -LRB- although we had fun just setting up the board -- you have to fit the orange pieces into the board -- and then we spun the spinning thing around a few times -RRB- , so we gave up and then moved on to something else altogether .
 This is exactly what I need , a reminder of exactly how crummy my work life is when I go home every night to relax from taking garbage from all my other lame work fellows.PS . HR does n't pick your friends , will someone please communicate this to all of these morons that come to work and go out to lunch together to hang out and be `` pals '' . I got this unit as a B-Day gift , Pros
 The axles are to short and fall out of all my rolling stock . Pending resolution right now so stay tuned.UPDATE
 Purchased crayons for my 5y/o that loves coloring on her easel . However several broke when she started to use them ! She had the triangular washable ones before . These were lame & too skinny & delicate . Get the jumbo size ones because these are a waste !
 I wrote to you when received that they had arrived all out of the box and broken and for $ 4.99 i ca n't see wrapping them up to return and asked that you just send me a replacement . If you would please just send a replacement it would be greatly appreciated .
 My toddler broke those crayons in two days . I do n't know if they work ok for older kids , but never buy this for your toddler . He actually managed to broke even jumbo size of the same crayons ... Thus I did n't like the quality . As he sometimes tries to eat those as well I am sorry I did n't pay more once and did n't buy bee wax crayons instead ...
 This item is called baby 's first tape measure . It is deceiving beacaue you can not actually measure anything . It looks like the tape cames out but it does not . When i received this item i was told it was new . The package that it came in was open and it was brown -LRB- discolored -RRB- like it was 50 years old . If your child wants a tape measure to look at and not actually measure this would be fine . I sent it back . It is very cute though .
 The toy was fun for three days until the water gun stopped working . It is also a little too easy for younger kids to slip out of the seat . I do n't think it was worth the money . The water gun was a big part of the sale . Could n't find any way to contact the company to see if they could make it right .
 Charger died after two charges . The lights on the front do n't work anymore and it will not charge either of my two peg perego batteries -LRB- one of them is only one month old -RRB- . I verified the unit has 13.2 V output with a multimeter , but it refuses to charge the battery . Maybe I just received a bad unit . I now use an aftermarket charger and have had no problems .
 Received this charger new and ordered a new 12 volt battery for toy at the same time . Have tried charging the battery several times since receiving the charger , leaving it to charge one time for 48 hours . Charger were not charge the battery at all !!! Nothing !! Called Peg Perego back , and they want me to pay them $ 10 shipping and handling to replace their junk !!! I only paid $ 25 for the charger , why would i pay them another $ 10 to get another one !!!???? They sure dont stand behind their products , i have used it twice , didnt work either time , and now they want another $ 10 to replace what should have worked correctly in the first place ????? What a ripoff !!
 The Peg Perego chargers just do not charge properly . Learned this the hard way buy buying multiple chargers , only to find out they dont work .
 I 've been asked to submit a review on a battery charger . My questions were 1 . How much fun is this toy ? -- > uhmmm . it 's not a toy ! 2 . How would you rate this toy 's educational value ? -- > again , it 's not a toy and no educational value ! 3 . How durable is your toy ? -- > need i need to answer 3 . How do you rate this toy overall ? -- > ? My review of the battery charger is great . It does it 's job . User friendly website with purchasing and received it in a timely manner . My suggestion would be to send a review with the appropriate questions or at least have an option for N/A . I ca n't remove the stars that I 've clicked on ... so it says `` I hate it . ''
 After two phone calls and four weeks , today I find out they have not shipped it . Gee 14th Century expertise , I 'm impressed . The customer service guy had to walk to the warehouse and tell them to ship the invoice and product . Do n't bother buying from these guys until thay hire a consultant to teach their warehouse guys how to read and ship off of an invoice . I should have just drove to Wallymart and bought it . Amazon needs to review how they select their fulfillment company 's this gives them a bad name .
 I purchased this charger in August of 2011 after the charger that came with my son 's John Deere Ride on Tractor stopped working -LRB- purchased in April of 2011 -RRB- . Its now June of 2012 and this charger has stopped working as well . We 've checked the battery with a battery meter and that is not the issue . Its clearly this charger . We now have to purchase yet another charger -LRB- this will be the 3rd -RRB- because really , what else are we supposed to do ? You buy an expensive ride on toy and you want your kid to be able to use it . Peg Perego should really do better with these chargers . Its the least they can do .
 This produck sucks it came with on side broken and it dosent charge it sucks i wouldnt recomend this to anyone and I sure will never get this again its a waste of money !!!!
 The set came with 2 greens and no red . The odor from these small plastic paint jars was overwhelming . The jars are too small to accommodate the Crayola toddler paint brushes that would go with this set . I am not very happy that Crayola will not disclose its ingredients other than saying it does not use Red # 40 dye . May contain ingredients found in other Crayola paints such as
 I totally agree with other reviewer saying it has very strong odor.Even though it says non toxic but it smelled so bad that the whole room was filled with toxic smell and gave me a headache.not so good for little ones .
 I was very disappointed in this . When I received this 8 out of the ten paints were half gone due to it spilling all over the box . But besides that the paint washes out of clothes and wipes up easy .
 It is not regulated for use to be used on faces.This product is not a cosmetic and should not be used on the face . That is different that being regulated by the fda for safety on the skin.I 'm starting a public awareness campaign on the safe application of face paint and temporary tatoos to avoid impetigo and lice and ring worm . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Nice variety of colors but kids will go through the small bottles very quickly . The smell is so strong and offense , it actually gave both my husband & I headaches . And he 's not usually one to be bothered by things like that . It also made me somewhat nauseous too . I say pass on these and go for larger 16oz bottles of tempura paint which is just as colorful , washable and has no smell . And at about $ 2.50 to $ 3.00 at discount school supply , it 's a better value too .
 This ruined 2 pairs of my girls pants , lucky they had no shirts on . I tried washing multiple time and even washed them right away after they finished painting and now the pants are stained with paint .
 I have always bought this paint , but the last box I bought smelled so bad , it made me and my son so nauseated and dizzy . I am not sure what has changed , but beware if your child begins feeling ill . This has happened to us the last 3 times we have painted ! Very scary !!
 not at all what i was expecting ... . in fact i found the same thing at my local dollar store a couple months later after i had already bought this
 My grandchildren did n't enjoy these at all . They may be all right for some kids , but mine were disinterested right away and ready to do something else . Dissappointed .
 I ordered this for my daughter for Christmas . The box must have been opened and the beads fell out when we tried to make the jewelry . A waste of money !!
 Crayola markers are great . Except when they are NOT washable . I purchase markers for my kids all of the time and was n't paying attention with these . That red stain on my shirt will not come out . Buy the washable markers instead and enjoy them .
 I will not be giving this item to my children ! I ordered several for Christmas and items arrived with a huge `` THIS ITEM IS KNOWN TO CONTAIN INGREDIENTS THAT CAUSE CANCER '' sticker plastered across the front . NO WAY !!
 I bought this kit as a Christmas present for my 7 year-old daughter , and was disappointed by it . The components of the kit are every day items that could easily be found in many stocked kitchens , such as baking soda , sea salt and oats , and not much of each . It includes only 3 essential oils -LRB- vanilla , coconut , and strawberry -RRB- . For the price of the kit , I expected much more . I feel like I spent $ 30 for a few ingredients , most of which I had in my pantry , some small empty jars , and a handful of recipes that I could have easily found on the internet . We had one enjoyable morning , but that was it . It 's definitely not worth the money .
 Purchased this product as a Christmas present for my 12-year-old neice who loves sciene experiments . Unforunately , the product did not ship well , and powders and liquids came out of the packaging which made a big mess when opened . We obtained a refund after the product was returned . It was a good idea , but unless the shipping situation is resolved , I would not recommend the product .
 I purchased this with the intent on giving it to my niece for Christmas . Unfortunately when the package arrived about 5 days later , the box that it came in was not secured and there was no invoice / receipt in the box , already a sign of bad quality control . Secondly , the product is made in China and with items in there that such as citric acid , sea salt , baking soda , bentonite clay , and an eye mask , I can not risk the safety of my niece . My sister is strict with ingredients and knowing that they come from a country with strict quality standards . China is unfortunately not one of them.Update
 After reading the other reviews , I 'm scared to even buy this for my best gal friend now . . now I need to think of something else now , but what .
 I feels this product is not very durable . The axle break easily when it touch the shore . may be , the force is too much for it to handle !
 We bought this for our kids for Christmas , it was a bad decision . It worked -LRB- sort of -RRB- for about 30 minutes . By ` sort of ' I mean that it actually registered numbers , although even my 12 and 9 year old realized that the 30 , 35 , 40 yard throws they were generating were probably not really that long . Then , after one bounce off the concrete parking lot versus the grass , the LCD display stopped working . Not only that , the plastic casing for the LCD was soft enough that the impact created a sharp ridge which ended up cutting all 3 of us -LRB- small cuts on hands & fingers -RRB- before we realized what had happened ! NOT a quality toy ! Buy a real football and measure by yardlines , you 'll be happier !!
 My boys enjoyed throwing the football , but had trouble catching the ball w/out reseting the button . I would have been better off getting a regular football .
 Our kids loved this - so much so that when one dropped it and broke the plastic strip by the on/off button -LRB- making the toy unusable -RRB- , I bought another one . Would n't you know the same thing happened a few weeks later ? This toy is supposed to be made for small children who have been known to drop things on occasion ... the manufacturer needs to correct this problem .
 We received the musical cube as a gift when our baby was about 3 months old . It was wonderful at first , although she was a little young for it , but it stopped working after a few months or so . The instrument sounds just kind of went haywire and the songs were no longer playing correctly . I tried changing the batteries , but it still did n't work . It was a shame because we all really liked it and now that she is 12 months , she shows more interest in it , but it wo n't work . Because it was a gift and we got it so long ago , I have n't tried to contact the company , but maybe I should .
 I bought this toy for my 9 month old son for Christmas . He loved it and it is a wonderful toy . However , in mid January it started to sound as if the batteries were dying and then it just quit . I replaced the batteries but to my disappointment it still would n't work . I tried different batteries again just to be sure and still nothing . I had a very hard time finding out how to contact imaginarium.com and finally just emailed amazon . They responded quickly and it appears that I will be able to return the toy and my son liked it enough that I may take my chances and buy it again . There are mixed reviews some saying that it is durable and works great and a few like mine .
 made of cardboard . Completely ruined on second use . I had one of these back in the 70s that was made of much better material . This item was a terrible letdown
 This was horrible ... You get the illusion you 're getting this TUB of legos and instead you get 2 tiny baggies of legos sitting at bottom . I do n't even think they go up to the beginnng of that yellow sticker from bottom . And , of course , as they know , it 's NOT worth the S&P cost for me to send back . It makes me think twice about buying on-line .
 I purchased this ball at Christmas for a 14 year old female soccer freak . The picture leads you to believe that it 's a standard size soccer ball but it is n't -- it 's way smaller . I was rather embarrassed when she opened it because her response was n't quite what I expected but it was too close to Christmas to return . I 've never seen her use it since .
 We found this and the football to be unreliable . Basically they are both junk . My kids do n't even attempt to play with it . It is n't worth the effort to try to get it to work properly .
 My son recently got this ball as a birthday present . First , I needed to go buy 2 `` watch-type '' batteries for the counter to work . Also , you need a pretty small screwdriver to be able to remove the screws holding the counter mechanism onto the ball.The battery cover does n't close securely , so a medium hard bump will move the batteries , and shuts the counter off . You then need to remove the counter mechanism , and open and close the batter cover . I regret spending the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for the batteries.We thought that even though the counter mechanism does n't work , we could use it as a small soccer ball just to kick around . Even that did n't prove to be an option . There is a foam `` frame '' on top of the counter mechanism -LRB- I guess to protect the counter -RRB- . But , it ends up coming off once the ball is kicked . Once that happens , the ball wobbles when it rolls over the spot with the missing foam frame.Unfortunately , this is heading right for the trash !
 My sons received this for Christmas and it 's already out of commission . The quality of the fabric -LRB- more like paper -RRB- is such that the polls very quickly poked through , leaving the folding/elasticated sticks to stick out.It 's a great idea , but if it was a better material so that it would last more than a couple of weeks ... Here 's hoping that I can sew up the holes without tearing it more .
 I read the reviews , but thought it looked cool anyway , so I bought it . I should n't have . I should have listened to the reviews . It came very wrinkled in the box and because of the wrinkles , the tunnels do not stand straight when put together . It also collapses very easily and is very short -LRB- my 3 year old is too tall for it and 75 % of 3 year olds are taller than he is -RRB- . The flags fall out easily , too . My 3 year old says he likes it , but he never plays with it other than to kick it down to get past it to the toys behind it .
 does n't stay up , almost immposible to get the bean bags into . this is a total was of money and I know I got it on sale but still feel ripped off .
 I bought this game for my 2-year-old last Christmas . She has shown no interest in it since then . It falls down all the time and is frustrating for her . Our cat has shown more interest in scratching it .
 I was very disappointed when I realized no darts or mounting hardware were included like they were suppose to be . AND when we hit the 15 it also lights up like we hit the bulls eye as well . Not worth the price !!!!!!!!!
 You can get a board better than this one installed in a Cabinet for only a few bucks more . The Cabinet version is identical to a board you see in the bars ... I have actually seen some bars use the Arachnid Cabinet version right here on Amazon . Your money , but I would never pay this price for simply a dart board alone .
 Can not rate the dart board itself . Dart board was obviously returned by a prior Amazon customer , poorly repackaged and shipped to me as &#34; new &#34; merchandise . Lower corner of dart board was broken off and accessories were not packaged but just pitched in the box . Do n't understand why Amazon would have wasted their time and money shipping this out to me . Evidently good help is still hard to find despite such a high unemployment rates . I guess we wo n't have that new dart board for our party next weekend .
 Hello , I would consider myself to be an average dart player/plays often . My 1st thought after reading the reviews even though the 800 got a lot of 5 star reviews I was still uncertain & skeptical for a couple of obvious reasons -LRB- $ 250.00 -RRB- . My pessimistic side unfortunately was correct - For starters Arachnid should be completely ashamed of themselves for the junk hardware & ridiculous pre-school MOUNTING method for this level board ! Next the board has a very cheap junky feel to it - from the garbage buttons to the actual dart impact - do not believe the reviews that tell you it feels like a `` bar board '' - FULL OF __________ - it does NOT !!!! Lets move on to the actual game play , Yes the 800 does offer a good selection of games however in four of the games I played so far I got a bunch of wrong readings - this has never happened on my $ 50.00 Halex board that just died after 8 years :--LRB- . Next the voice function is really PISS POOR as it seems to work intermittenly , I am NOT referring to the `` heckler mode '' rather the typical call outs . The board has a good bright red LED readout - serves it 's purpose . THE BOTTOM LINE if you can afford $ 250.00 for a board that does not perform any better than a $ 40 - $ 100 board besides the LED 's than you MIGHT be happy with this typical cheap , junky feeling board . I was really hoping for a much better board - especially from the ARACHNID brand at a LARGE EXPENSIVE PRICE !!!!!!! Amazon please help ! Update - the voice function stopped working completely ! This board is JUNK !!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1_VltcJeEQ&context;=C3373f86ADOEgsToPDskLYOesE7S_tPAaGdc5BkBo2
 I bought this board to replace a Halex board that had gone through so much use over the last few years that the borders separating some of the single and triple cricket numbers had completely disintegrated . It was time for a new board . The two main features that I was looking for was a board that had the ability to switch the bulls eye between single/double and all double formats , and a computer that I could play against when no one else was around . After seeing the features on the Pro 800 I decided to order it.When the board showed up I hung it on the wall and started to play only to discover that the double bulls eye would not consistently register . The problem was initially intermittent but started to get much worse within two days . It got to the point where the double bulls eye would only register once in a great while . I sent the board back to Amazon and they accepted it no problem , and I had a replacement board the next day after I filled out an exchange request . Fantastic service.So I hung the second board up and started playing . Every time that I hit the bulls eye near the 16 , the machine would register 16 instead of the bulls eye . When I pushed the bulls eye with my finger by the 16 I noticed that it pushed the 16 pie piece down as well . I decided to remove the back cover and have a look at what was causing the issue and found that the inside pie on the 16 had not been well trimmed and a piece of the pie -LRB- will post a picture if I can -RRB- was under the round bulls eye piece . This was causing the 16 to register when the bulls eye was hit near the 16 . In addition one of the other triangle pieces was missing a good chunk of plastic on a corner . I trimmed the piece that was overlapping with the bulls eye and closed up the back only to realize then that I had broken a warranty seal . So much for being able to send it back . At least trimming the piece made the bulls eye work correctly . The board now registers all the numbers like it should have when I bought it.One other issue that I have with the board is that the pie pieces are poorly trimmed on the outside as well , and I have torn the skin on my knuckles from the sharp edges of plastic/nylon sticking out of the pie pieces when pulling my darts out of the board . Trimming those down myself as I come across them as well . To be fair , I do n't remember the first board I received -LRB- and sent back -RRB- having this issue.For what this board cost compared to other boards on the market I should not have had to go through this type of experience . This board should be right the first time every time , not two lemons in a row . This indicates poor quality control and a lack of caring about the customer on the part of the company.That being said , the board is not without its ' good points . I will list what I consider to be the pro 's and con 's . ProsCan switch the bulls eye to be either single/double or all double . Good to have if you play the 01 games in both steel and soft tip.Darts stick in the board with very few bounce outs . Can use a harder material short tip and the darts do n't bounce out of the board . I have not played on a home board before this where the short tips would consistently stick.Good instructions for hanging the board on the wall .01 games against the computer opponent are good.When the volume is turned off it stays off until the machine is turned off.ConsThe way the board hangs on the wall . All other boards that I have hung have done so with two screws that are put into a wall horizontally . This board hangs with two screws that are put in vertically . For me it was difficult getting the screws in at a distance where I could put the board on and it was completely tight against the wall . I finally put it onto some backer board and then secured that to the wall . Now nothing moves or vibrates when the darts hit or are removed from the board.On cricket games the computer opponent plays unlike any opponent that I have played against in competition . No player that I have ever played against will throw at a triple 17 and a triple 15 when 20 is closed with 40 points and 19 and 18 are still open . It may average out at the end in terms of marks per round for a particular average , but is not a realistic representation of how cricket games are played . Would be nice to see the computer play the game as a real player would play it.All the settings on the machine need to be put in every time a game is changed . It would be nice if I want to do three players or one player against the computer and those setting would be maintained when switching between cricket and 01 until I changed them myself.I have had this board for a few weeks . I use it almost exclusively for 501 at this point -LRB- still using my old board for cricket -RRB- and am looking for a new board . For the amount of money I paid for it I feel bad not using it for something . Had I not opened the back of this board and voided the warranty I would have returned it as well . It may very well be a good board for some , but based on my experience I ca n't recommend it . And I just do n't see how this board is better than one that costs even a fourth as much .
 Warning - this product is only the seat and ropes - it DOES NOT include the frame , even though it doesnt clearly state this.This is very , VERY expensive compared to other seats out there - although , when I looked at it , it seemed very sturdy and quality-made . Just take note about the lack of frame - this is the same as the other cheaper swing seats that is just a seat and rope.Sending it back and getting the Little Tikes castle swing set and slide for only $ 20 more !
 I agree with the member above.I thought that the item was the full set as shown in the picture and not just the seat.The quality is no better than a seat for a third of the price.Get the Little Tikes Swing that is on here for $ 25 ! I feel mislead and ripped off ! Returning this immediately !
 I was very dissapointed when the swing arrived . It is just the seat and rope itself . It is 3 times the price for the same thing . It should have specified that the frams was not included . Returning it immediately .
 I ended up returning this item because I was expected set , not just a swing . So I have no any opinion of that except content does n't reflect claimed headline .
 The head was off so I say it had no durability and the child was very disappointed at her birthday , I ordered a second one but do expect a replacement of the first one please the second barbie was okay but the nnfirst was damaged in shipping and it is expensive to ship back , and I had gone several hundred miles to give the toy for a birthday present and wrapped it in the box shipped , so I did not know the head was off until she took it out of the packaging , the dad was going to try to replace , but to return , I have to make a 400 mile trip to retreive any way the seller would replace thise doll ? Afterall I did buy a second one to send and hopefully when she opens it up it stays in one piece . Thank you Patty Mcguire PS These Barbies are 40.00 dollars a piece the first one is trash .
 I bought this toy for my son for his sixth birthday . He loves it but for the money it costs I was a little disappointed . It is not very fast , thank goodness it came with training wheels because I do n't know how a kid would be able to ride it without , it just does n't go fast enough . He has had it for a little over a week and the stickers are already peeling off . If he did n't love it so much I would send it back . It cost too much to just be ok .
 At first the case seemed like a good idea , but after the third use the zipper stopped working . Because the case does not stay open on its own , there is a tendency to push the case open and force the zipper backward and apart . After fixing it a couple of times , it is now permanently broken . Bad design . Perhaps Velcro would have been better here .
 This is designed for a class set of Leap Pads -- not for home storage or travel . It is absolutely enormous . You could store 12 Leap Pads and a laptop in this .
 I 'm so glad I found this ! My 4 year old son has a Leap Pad and we desperately needed a way to keep the Leap Pad and books & cartridges away from his little brothers and sister . This is PERFECT ! What a great idea ! And this is the only place I found it .
 I purchased this in May 2006 . I was so happy to have an organized way to store the leappad , books and cartridges . I was happy until August 2006 when the zipper broke . I 've tried fixing it a few times , but it keeps breaking . It 's useless without the zipper because everything just falls out . Not worth the money or my time trying to repair it .
 I wanted the backpack , but none in stock . I bought this item , and after a few weeks of less than normal wear and tear , the zipper broke . Leap Pad customer service would n't help , said I was the first to complain of a quality problem . What an inconvenience and a big , big disappointment . Good concept , but watch out ! Think twice before buying this bag .
 This is definitly a good thing to have handy while toting your pixter . Mine is under heavy useage and goes everywhere with me . And now that I have five cartridges I needed it . It is very durable and protective . The only downside is that it only holds three cartridges . -LRB- one loaded in the pixter and two in the side compartment . -RRB- I have five and find it difficult to fit them all . I usaually put the extras behind the pixter . But other than that it is something to consider having as the pixter is not totally durable on it 's own . The case serves as a protector against oops !
 My daughter received this case as a gift to go along with the color pixter we were getting her . Note that I specified `` color '' , something that the product description does n't mention . The case does not fit , not even close . It seems steardy and has room for two game cartridges , but frankly , that 's useless in our case . If you 've got a b/w pixter , it 's a fine buy , otherwise do n't bother . We 'll be returning this case .
 Does n't mention anywhere in the ad that it 's for a b & w pixter only . Looks like they will be getting lots of returns .
 I was really excited to receive this in the mail , to hear Buzz talk & to push the button that makes his wings pop out , but the laser attached to his arm is so big that it makes it very difficult to play with him . The first thing my 3 yr old son asked was to take the laser off -LRB- which ca n't be done -RRB- . I wish I had spent my money on a different Buzz . My son is really not interested in this toy .
 We got this camera for my 6 month old for Christmas . He really enjoyed playing with it . But the orange paint on the button at the top started chipping off just two days after Christmas . The paint chips off very easily . It comes off in small flecks with light rubbing . That 's definitely not a good feature for babies who like to put everything in their mouths . So we had to trash an otherwise entertaining toy . Stay away from this toy .
 cheap , one of the arms broke and then about 5 mins of it up in the air it came tumbling down . It also needed a tail : - -LRB-
 it stops working after three times and dos n't move . WASTE OF MONEY . instead i recomend equalizer mines still works perfectly and has fallen off of many things.p.s.the equalizer costs the same amont of money and is a lot better . i would rate it % stars overall
 Item is described as laser tag set and is NOT !! No wonder there is no picture . This seems like fraud to me .
 Seriously , if you wan na save thirty bucks , get a piece of PVC pipe and tape a cloth to it . It works just as well and you can make it as big as you want .
 Go to Michaels or any fabric shop and HomeDepot to make your own . Fabric was cheap and poorly cut . PVC tube can be used . Would not buy again .
 Easily pops open , but it will stay that way forever . I 'd give a reward if someone could come get the thing to fold up for storage . The directions are junk ! And it 's huge .
 Although this may be very easy to assemble and very entertaining for kids , it does take up a lot of space and is impossible to close and put away .
 Length :
 Looks nice , installs easy , and has many game options , however the 20 registers as a 5 80 % of the time and the 1 registered as a 6 at about the same rate . This occurred from the first time I played . I will be sending it back .
 For a product that costs over 100 dollars , the packaging was surprisingly cheap . 10 dollar action figures have better packaging than this dartboard . I turned it on and realized that only 2 numbers functioned . I literally had to `` massage '' the entire board with my thumbs and miraculously brought the whole thing to life in 20 minutes . A few numbers still do n't react to the darts but a few kneads with my thumbs sort of made it a bit better . I wanted to pay more to insure that I get a higher quality board , but i was mistaken .
 I was very disappointed when I received this item . It was not protected at all . It was in the box that had the picture of the dart board on the outside . It should have been put into another box for protection . When we recieved it , then entire top of the board was cracked . Again very disappointed in the packaging .
 We bought this item hoping it would stand up to our family of four and our love to play darts . The item worked for about one hour . Three of the six darts broke within that first hour also . It seemed if you threw a dart too hard or near the center , the machine just simply went `` black '' . We had to start our game all over again . It was disappointing with the cost of the game and discription stating it is durable . We returned it .
 the board simply went crazy restarting every time i switch on the board . it looks okay on the first day everything was find with few bounce out.if you think of getting this board look somewhere else .
 I purchased this dartboard via Amazon prime for the free 2day shipping . I have bought this board previously from a local shop and left it with my previous roommates . As such , I am familiar with what a new board includes . The board I ordered from Amazon lacked the AC adapter and the protective film that covers the display had already been removed . The board works fine but I gave a 1 star rating to draw attention to the serious quality control issues at Amazon . Buyer beware .
 Extremely disappointed . It worked well for the first 2 weeks , then an error developed that ca n't be fixed . I ca n't even open the frickin thing because there is a warranty seal on it . In order to get it fixed , I have to pay the return shipping for their original non-working product , then possibly a fee on top of that . Absolutely horrible business practice to make the customer pay return shipping for a product that fails within the warranty period . Seeing if I can get an exchange through Sams Club so I do n't have to send it to the company .3 bad reviews , to 8 good ones should tell you not to buy this product . For DMI Sports , Inc. it is inexcusable to make a customer pay return shipping and a possible fee for THEIR non-working product . DO NOT BUY !!!
 I 'm in the process of returning my third Arachnid 6000 . Looks great but all of them have the same problem out of the box . Halfway through a game the game resets .
 Piece of junk . The track does n't stay together well enough to maintain physical or electrical connectivity . There are little ridges where the sections meet that the cars get hung up on . At top speed the car on the inner track wo n't stay on its track . The cars come apart . Lasted about an hour before my kids and I concluded that it was totally irredeemable and returned it .
 My two sons really liked this track at first . However , once the novelty wore off , it was rarely played even though we kept it in a prime location . It also requires continual cleaning just to get it to work . The cars / track do not function unless they are cleaned . Would not recommend .
 My five year old son got this for Christmas . It worked really good for one week . Then it stopped working . We checked the batteries and the cars . We ca n't figure out why it stopped . My son was so disappointed . Plus the track itself is very flimsy . We wound up thowing out some of the track parts -LRB- railings and cardboard pictures -RRB- because we got tired of them falling off all the time . I would not recomend this toy .
 I read negative reviews about the race set , but chose to ignore them . I wish I had listened ! Although the toy was very cute , it was not sturdy at all . The track would not fit together correctly . The cars would go around the track a couple of times then stop for no apparent reason . Not a good value for the price . We ultimately sent it back .
 My son got this item from a friend and with in a week it was n't working right . Needs constant cleaning and even then it wo n't work . Railings fall off all the time , never used the cardboard backrounds as I know they would n't hold up . Calling the company on Monday to see about the warranty on it which is 90 days .
 Talk about high maintanence ! After finally getting this assembled on Christmas Eve , I discovered that in order to make it work the track and bottom of the cars have to be sanded on a regular basis and the item only comes with a tiny 2 inch by 2 inch piece of sandpaper -LRB- which was promptly lost in the Christmas melee -RRB- . My kids played with it Christmas morning and then took it apart due to its size -LRB- around 3 ft by 1.5 ft when assembled -RRB- . Pieces are not sturdy and poorly made .
 I purchased this track for my son for Christmas . He loved it , but after about one week , it completely stopped working . Of course , I thought it needed new batteries , but after putting in new ones , it still did n't work . Had to return it for a refund . Definitely not worth the money OR the time it took to assemble it !
 I bought this set for my kids for Christmas and it was a major disappointment ! The instructions show you can put together different shapes for the track course but just taking the track apart one time caused the pieces to break . The cars never ran smoothly on the track . I 'm glad the other toys we gave them for Christmas worked better because this one has ended up in the trash already .
 I purchased the track for my Son for Christmas , out of the box one of the cars was very slow . Requires lots of work to keep the cars running . I 'm not pleased .
 When I was a child we always had slot cars , I do n't recall the name brand but the quality was outstanding compared to this piece of junk ... This set broke within the first day , but I kept trying to make it work cause my boys love Disney cars . . It was their first slot car set and was fun for them but it was more frustrating than it was worth . The cars stop working , the set wo n't stay together , pieces are so so cheap , btw I paid $ 19.95 for this at toysrus , so this price of $ 199 is outrageous . . I just had to say something . . I felt like I got ripped off at $ 19.95 , but honestly anyone who pays more for this set is going to regret it ... I am buying my son a Carrera Go Speed Racer set . . The quality of Carrera , and Scx and Scalextric blow this away . . I have not seen the Carrera `` Go '' , but have seen other Carrera sets and they have been around for as long as I have so it may have been the maker of the sets we played with as kids . . It looks to be of the same quality anyway ... Anyway do n't be fooled some of these reviews that say this is a good choice . It 's really , really not !!!
 My son received this set for his birthday and he and his brothers were thrilled to get it set-up and running.Unfortunately , it only ran properly a few times . Both race cars broke the first day . The wheels were the biggest problem with the tiny tires coming off . We almost got the blue car to run again and then the track would not stay linked together . Very disappointing .
 We were excited to have a slot car set , but this one has been tempermental since the day we set it up . Currently , it is not running at all and we have tried all of the maintenance suggestions . It is also a pretty high maintenance toy for a younger child . Good price , not so good quality .
 I found the directions to be lacking and once I 'd finish putting it together , I could never get the cars to run on it . In fairness I have n't contacted the manufacturer for assistance , but I should n't have to . The directions insist that it not be used on carpet and all of the pieces must line up perfectly . What I 've found is that if you bend pieces of the track in just the right way you might be able to energize that part of the track only . I 've never been able to get more than one piece of the track energized at a time , but that 's partly my fault as I 've only got two hands .
 I bought this toy for my eldest son -LRB- age 6 -RRB- and his friends thinking that it would be like the slot cars that we had as kids - plug in electric - but when we set it up I found that it only ran on batteries . It eats up batteries so fast that the kids do not get more than 10 to 15 minutes of play time with the darn thing ! Expensive to keep buying batteries , but on the upside the boys got frustrated and disappointed with the small amount of play time they got with it that they shoved it under the bed and ignored it . I ended up throwing the darn thing away and they never even noticed . Complete waste of money ! This year I am buying a slot car set that actually runs by plugging it in to the wall !
 Purchased this for my 3 yr old son for X-Mas . My husband spent 2 1/2 hours trying to get the thing to work X-Mas Eve . Wanted it set up and ready to run X-Mas morning . Checked all the connections , batteries , etc. . Finally gave up . Never could get the thing to work . Worst piece of junk I ever purchased .
 I am really disappointed in this race set . It is so cheaply made that after a few uses it is bent and does n't work .
 The start button is too difficult for even a three year old to hold down . The battery is tedious to re-charge -LRB- required after every use ! -RRB- . Dangerous . When child leans slightly to the side the entire engine will turn over . For all your time and money you will only see a child with a bored expression - or a frustrated child who ca n't operate start button alone . You could tape down the button and then the child must ask for you to stop it . Total supervision required any way you look at it . A real expensive , gimicky toy !!
 i bought this toy for my 15 month little girl i can say she love it but every time she would move a little the train would slipe right out of the track , she could not hold the bar to get it to go i retured it right away i was afraid she would fall and injure her self
 My father bought this as a gift for our son as his big Christmas present when he was 3 . As others have pointed out a child attempting to ride this has to somehow manage to depress a large square button on the handle of the `` roof '' of Thomas to make it go . Unfortunately the design of this button requires the strength of a child of approximately 6-7 years old to depress it , not the 2-3 year old cherubs in the advertising photos.This thing sat in our basement for years and soon became the object of hatred and loathing among all adults who came near it and were banished to the Hell of being forced to hold the button while being stooped over so that children could ride it . Within minutes you were left with a kink and pain in your back numbed only by the relentless and repetitive Thomas music pouring forth from the toy.The track is well made and durable . The train itself is durable . The recharge mechanism is safe . The battery holds a decent charge but you 'll never use it all . By the time the battery has died you 'll long be away for surgery to repair your lumbar damage.We finally sold this last year to someone who HAD TO HAVE IT ! We took the money and ran.Avoid this like the bubonic plague until the button is redesigned .
 NOT RECOMMENDED . This is potentially a really fun toy , but it misses the mark on a serious design flaw . Apparently it was never test marketed because the flaw would have been quite apparent if they had . The toy is designed for little ones , but the start button requires too much hand strength for most small children to run the train . I do understand the need for a design where the child has to hold down the button to operate the toy , as opposed to an on/off switch . A switch that could potentially allow the train to operate on its own would likely pose a safety hazard . However , why not have a hand switch that requires less pressure to activate ? It is so frustrating for the kids because they can not play with the train . I am literally sitting here watching my 2 1/2 - year-old grandson and five-year-old granddaughter PUSHING the train around the track because they lack the hand strength to operate the train motor . I paid $ 160 for this toy at BJs and it was a total waste of money . Also , as others have noted , IF the child is able to squeeze the hand switch to get it started , there is a bell and a delay of a few seconds before the train actually moves . This usually confuses the child ... then they let go of the switch before the train actually moves ... and then they call out , `` Grandpa ! I ca n't get the train to work !! '' So frustrating for the kids . Save your money and do n't buy this one !!
 This train tips over very easily if the child just reaches out for you . My shorter 2 year old can not hold the button down herself to make it go , and she tips it over . I walked out of the room for 5 seconds to grab my camera when my son got on it the first time and a heard the crash . I ran in and he was on his side along with Thomas . I have to stay by their side riding this toy just so they do not get hurt .
 dont buy this toy my aolmost 2 year old son cant even press the button because of were you need to press it . he would need big hands to squeze the button on top of the bar . and my almost 3 year old daughter cant hold the botton down for more than 2 seconds and thats after i help her press it . they both get so mad at it it was set up 2 days and they would not even go near the toy i took it down.BIG WAIST OF MONEY POORLY DESIGNED FOR YUNG KIDS TOY .
 BUYER BEWARE !!!! I recently ordered -LRB- December 15th , 2007 -RRB- this product through Amazon filled by Joe Brands for my son for Christmas . On Amazon 's website it says you can cancel an order any time before it ships , if it does ship , you simply refuse receipt . I canceled this order on December 16th less than 24 hours after I placed it , I called and emailed Joe Brands & emailed Amazon . Never the less the package arrives on December 22nd . I called the shipping company , called and emailed Joe Brands , emailed Amazon and the package was finally picked up on the 27th of December . The billing however has yet to be straighted out . My credit card has yet to be credited , I do not have the product , and no one returns calls or emails . BUYER BEWARE !!!!
 I was so disappointed with this item . My son -LRB- who 's 3 -RRB- received this for his bday . The child has to continuously hold down a button with his hand to keep the train moving and my son could n't do it . He ended up getting so frustrated , he broke down in tears ! The noises the train makes are MUCH TOO LOUD ! And you need a lot of room in your home to set up the track , which we do not have . I was surprised at how poorly designed this was since it 's a Peg Perego . The manufacturers should 've really tried this one out on the recommended age group before they released it . Why could n't there be a pedal to step on to make it go like every other ride-on toy for little ones ? I put it back in the box and back to the store it went .
 My husband and I have ignored many poor reviews in choosing toys for our 18-month old and have often been pleasantly surprised to see our son thoroughly enjoying such toys . Unfortunately , this was not the case with the Peg Perego Thomas Ride-On train . He is exceptionally tall and strong for his age , yet there is no way his hand could possibly depress the button required to keep the train moving , much less hold it down for any length of time . So the operation of the train requires an adult to depress the button and spin in circles while your child bats your hand away and is totally distracted from the experience . My son enjoys pushing the train along the track more than riding it . However , the train is flimsy and easily comes off the track , so this usually lasts a few seconds before he is again frustrated and annoyed . All this and then you need to get out the screwdriver to charge the battery every time you `` play '' with it . Do n't buy this toy or you will be kicking yourselves like we are . It 's a gimmicky piece of plastic junk that even major Thomas-lovers will probably not enjoy .
 My son loves the train , and rides on it for hours on end . However , the battery was low by the end of Christmas day and takes another 24 hrs to rechange which is n't conventient and for the price it should have a better battery . Also bought the Annie & Clarabel 3rd car which attaches for a second child . The train does not work well and barely goes it another child is riding in the attached car . The product could be improved with rubber on the train wheels or groved track and wheels so it does n't slip . The product needs improvement for the lofty price .
 This ride is very disappointing ! This was a gift for my son 's 3 year birthday . His grandparents bought the train & extra track and we set it up as a surprise for his Thomas party . We made childsize railroad signs , Sir Topham Hatt and had Harold flying over the train track . He had is own Island of Sodor . But none of the children at the party , including my son , could hold down the handle to keep the train moving . A couple of the children got their foot stuck when the train would go around the turns . HUGE WASTE OF MONEY ! We returned it after 2 weeks of aggrivation . It should have a peddle like other battery power vehicles , he has no problem driving his truck that he received on his 2nd birthday .
 Purchase several prop plane Models used in Korean War for extremely close ground support for Marines in the frigid North ... . each of the others were so welcomed and well-crafted and proudly displayed ; the only exception was this product , which for the price , should have been as well done as the others .
 I was very mislead with this product . None of the animal critters are included , nor are the bride and groom 's attire . The flower girl dress looks like it will fall apart very easily . I will be sending this back .
 This toy had stains and cat hair on it right out of the box . - Nice !
 Perhaps I 'm being too critical , but this globe is poorly constructed and extremely over priced . Most of the latitude -LRB- vertical -RRB- lines and also most of the longitude lines do n't meet up where the map itself is stuck to the globe . Sure it may be off by a degree or two but each degree -LRB- at the equator -RRB- is about 70 miles and that just is n't acceptable . The gold longitude bar circling the globe is off even more , missing the longitude lines by almost 3 degrees in some spots . The globe itself is constructed using colored printed sheets stuck onto a globe shaped sphere with the mountains and valleys pressed into the globe . Unfortunately there are at least 2 places where they must have started sticking the sheets on but when they tried to get them to meet up they were about 1/32 of an inch short . That does n't sound like much but it sure looks horrible on a globe you just spent $ 65 on . The equator is basically a piece of clear sticky tape with a blue line along the center -LRB- to represent the equator -RRB- that 's stuck onto the globe . That would ALMOST be acceptable if the globe were flat , which it is n't . Where the equator/tape on the globe crosses deep valleys the tape is not pushed down into the valleys and was starting to peel away . One of the reasons I bought this globe was because it was made in the USA . If this is what to expect it 's very distressing . The globe is now on it 's way back to Amazon for a refund .
 I paid almost $ 70 for this globe , and it is probably worth about $ 30 . The base is really cheap material and , as others have pointed out , the map does n't line up along the equator . Also the relief is n't as pronounced as I had hoped . I am returning it .
 Was not even sewn all the way on the wings . Tried to get issue resolved but not resolved to date .
 The mirror broke off when the toy fell on it 's side . The music/voices sounds like it 's dying . Changing the batteries does not help . Find a better Ride-On . Do n't buy this one .
 My daughter got this gift for her first birthday . The book is cute . But for 40 dollars I expect more . There are only 4 puppets and of those only one actually detaches from the book . I feel bad for my friends that bought it for her . Save your money .
 As one who is new to shopping for trains , I think it would be good for a seller to clearly mark the gauge of the product they are selling . This is a tiny HO Scale item , but nowhere does the seller say that . The `` Product Dimensions '' are listed at 3 x 2 x 5 inches , but the actual item is 1 inch long . I had recently bought a few Bachmann `` G '' Gauge trains for my father , and wrongly assumed this would go with that set . I am aware that my inexperience in this train realm plays a part , but it seems like it would save folks some disappointment if they had a clear understanding of what they were buying .
 I HAVE PURCHASED 2 OF THESE . THEY ARE VERY SMALL AND I COULD NOT GET THEM TO RUN ON MY HO SCALE TRACK . THEY ARE SO SMALL , THAT I THINK THAT THEY DO NOT WEIGH ENOUGH TO MAKE PROPER CONTACT WITH THE TRACK . THIS CHRISTMAS GANDY DANCER ONLY MEASURES 1 AND 1/4 INCHES IN LENGTH . IT WEIGHS 1 AND 1/8 OUNCES .
 My son received this toy as a gift from his grandparents . We would never bought it since it is a very loud toy . It can be heard through the entire house . Anything this loud WILL DAMAGE HEARING !!! There is no volume control or off button . I recommend that no one buy this toy until the sound level is greatly reduced or there is some kind of volume control available for parents .
 In a nutshell
 If you are looking for a regulation size -LRB- or even close -RRB- dart board then keep on looking . We were very surprised upon opening this gift that not only was the overall size of the dart board small but all of the target areas as well . For example , the bullseye was 1.5 '' smaller than the one we were replacing . Luckily Amazon.com 's customer service is second to none and I printed out a return label in minutes . Time to keep looking , just a little late Christmas present .
 I bought this for my grandson for Christmas . When he opened it , he was so excited - it was just what he wanted . The lights and sounds were great and he wanted to play . -LRB- He 's 12 - not destructive , and did n't do anything to `` break '' the board . -RRB- His dad immediately went to get materials to hang it on the wall for him . They did n't even get to play one game until the thing quit working . They tried new batteries -LRB- even though they had started with new ones -RRB- , read the entire instruction manual to troubleshoot , etc. . Nothing worked . It 's a piece of junk . Do n't waste your money .
 It will hold alot but hard to get in and out . Too small an opening .
 I was very disappointed that this did not work with a Life-Life train set . The problem is that the couplers that come on Life-Like hit the plastic in the road bed and cause the cars to derail . It seems like this could be resolved with a simple change in the mold to allow more clearance for the bottom of the couplers .
 I bought these for my daughter because I read so many wonderful things about the toy in terms of development . While my daughter -LRB- now 4 months -RRB- will look at the shapes , she does n't seem all that interested in them . She will hold one for a few seconds and then just throws them aside . They are too big for her to do much with . She has been more interested in the other Manhattan Baby toys that I purchased for her , such as Mr. Whoozit . She likes to grab and reach so big shapes just do n't do it for her .
 I bought two of these cars for my twins ' 3rd birthday . It looks awesome and I really like the fact that they can pedal and move , instead of just sitting in a battery-operated vehicle.The big problem is that bolts do n't stay put and constantly need tightening -LRB- that is if we would find them -RRB- . Overall - great concept , but low quality .
 Have n't tried this yet so will update the review once we actually put it together.Upon opening the box , there 's a very strong smell that smelled just like gasoline . I expect some VOCs but this was too strong of a smell and too much like gas for me to reasonable allow my child to play with . Sure it 's lead free paint but whatever paint they used , it needs to be off-gassed . It does kooks nice and sturdy - will just have to air out until the smell goes away and try it then .
 I got this for my twins when they were about 18 months old , to use as a car toy . I really liked the charming , bright design , and it seemed like something that my occupy my kids in their carseats . Nearly a year and many miles later , they 've never really played with it . The six pieces drop all too easily with the floor , and they 're so small that it 's difficult for a toddler to do the activity in question -- they ca n't , for example , hold the little square AND zip or unzip the alligator zipper . Pass on this , and get something like the Doodle Pro or some kind of pop-up toy .
 I purchased this as a gift thinking I was getting a deal on the discounted price for something the description touted glowingly . The poker chips , yes , are great . The Mahogany wood case is junk . a solid build but came with surface scuffs which is a tell for what this might look like after a few poker parties . The lock and key are flimsy and did n't insert or turn easily . One of the wooden braces came unglued in the shipping perhaps . The interior black felt was filled with wood and packing dust . I did n't hesitate to return this for a refund . This was n't worth the half price of $ 80 . It 's really something you might find at a Cheap Jacks near Macy 's on 34th Street for $ 40 , Maybe . So if they slash the price again in half you might consider it for your kids but definitely not a piece you 'd be proud to show off to the family and friends.Respectfully submitted for your consideration .
 I just returned this . it was dirty inside and the top had a bubble in the laminated surface . The item had obviously been sitting somewhere for ever since it was filthy inside and out and the interior sides had separated from the glue holding them in . i 'd expect to find this at the dollar general for $ 20 bucks .
 This set is just so , so . All the chips have a good color match , but they are all blank chips . The box has a nice color , but a hinge pin was missing -LRB- made in China -RRB- . The cards are complete junk , so just toss them . I did not get my Texas-hold-em chips . The lock and key are a joke . So for the money and as an entry level set its just so , so .
 I was n't expecting much , but was still disappointed . The &#34; Mahogany &#34; is just black paint on particleboard with a lot of blemishes . Two inside parts were unglued when it arrived . After spending time picking out a set with the right selection of poker chips , what I recieved did not match the picture . I did n't come with the dealer or blind buttons.The chips are decent quality and the box is cetainly better than the flimsy silver case that cheaper sets come in.Don ' t go by the picture - just expect a black box and 500 random chips . There are several sets to choose from , buy on price and not options .
 I have to agree with the other reviewers . This toy did n't do any of the things that it said it would . It played the same songs over and over . I sold mine for $ 3 at a garage sale . Good riddens !
 I purchased two of these as gifts for children in the family . The box says you can make up to 125 different songs . Maybe it should read 10 different sounds . The toy seems to have a mind all its own . It makes noise rather your playing with it or not and it makes the same music over and over . We 've tried rotating the rings , removing a ring and pressing on the head , all which the directions say will give you different results . No matter what it does the same thing over and over . I ordered other toys made by Shelcore and I would say about 3/4 of the toys I ordered made by this same manufacturer do not work .
 This is a colorful stacking toy with a friendly stuffed `` face '' but not much more than that.It does play music , but as another reviewer mentioned it seems to play the same few songs over and over on its own schedule . It also does not dance or move along to its songs as the text on box seems to claim it will.I have this toy out for use by a group of 8 children and it has n't held anyone 's interest longer than a few minutes . It 's headed for the Goodwill , unfortunately .
 If you buy this toy , find it somewhere else . Mine came from Toy Town and never worked . I changed the batteries and then changed them again and it still did n't work . The box had been open and it 's my opinion that they sent me a bad one to start with . I called and I e-mailed them over and over everyday since Christmas and I still have n't gotten a response . Finally after much arguing Amazon said they would credit my account . I now notice that Toy Town is selling the same toy for 10 dollars more . Guess I was the unlucky person to get scammed by them sending me one that never worked . Beware . As far as it working ? I have no idea since mine never did .
 This toy has scared the crap out of every kid it comes into contact with ! Its ok at first , but it starts moving around , and its kinda scary . I bought it for my 2 year old a few Christmases ago , and cant find anyone to give it to because no one likes it ! LOL
 After unwrapping this & pressing the buttons , I was disappointed to find that the recordings were not of words or phrases , but just irritating sounds . I put it in the closet .
 I purchased this for my 6 year old daughter who loves dinosaurs . She was very excited when she opened it , but soon gave it over to her 11-year-old brother to assemble . A huge lego fan , he gave up after discovering limited instructions and missing pieces . He did `` complete '' the T-Rex , but it fell apart easily , lacking a part that would hold it together . I ca n't understand how this product made it through quality control .
 We were very disappointed when we opened the box and found such tiny pieces , and such flimsy foam pieces.The directions were n't very helpful , and way too small ! It took my husband and I more than an hour with our grandson just to make the head , and the pieces did n't fit properly and not all of the pieces were there . My grandson got very frustrated and walked away without wanting to go any farther . That was fine with us!We were very disappointed , because it looked like it would have been great . He adores dinosaurs !
 We 've purchased two of these and both have broken within hours of play time . Neither made it more then a week . When the first one broke I called the manufacturer they explained that they stopped making this about 5 years ago , and no longer support it in any way . They will not replace it , or provide a different product . We decided to buy another one , because the first one was gently used when we bought it and thought maybe it was n't as `` gently used '' as the seller stated . Plus my son has a speech delay and it helped him tremendously , he also asked for it daily . The second one was purchase brand new , in the box , and again broke within a week . The second one barely made it that long , we 've had problems with it EVERY day , since we opened it . It lasted not even 5 minutes before the problems began.This is a poorly built product , with NO support from the manufactrer . Yes it is VERY educational , helps speech , etc etc , but for what it offers in education it lacks in quality.I ca n't vouch for how our first pad was treated before we got it , but I can say the second one was treated amazingly well . Never dropped , thrown , etc. . It breaking had nothing to do with us.Anyone who got one that works , and continues to work , should consider themselves lucky .
 This would be a great toy if i could get one that worked properly this is the 3rd one we have purchased and none of them will work correctly . The manufacturer will not replace this item .
 Recently hosted a 45 person tournament so we ordered 2 of these sets . The chips do not come in the case -LRB- they are wrapped separately -RRB- and thats fine . The problem is the case handles . One broke before the chips were even in it . A close look and you can see the handle looks rather cheap.When the chips are loaded in the case -LRB- as they will be when ever you use the handles -RRB- it is way to heavy for this cheap plastic handle . It is a bummer because the chips are fine .
 DO N'T BUY THIS PRODUCT . I will personally NEVER purchase any other products from Trademark EVER again . All the black chips , green chips and 50 of the red chips are actually smaller than the rest of the chips . I 'm very disappointed by the fact that when I stack one set of chips with the others , I 'll have uneven stacks that have the same amount of chips .
 As others have mentioned , the chips that arrived are good quality for the price-per-chip -LRB- < $ 100 -RRB- . The fact that I have to drive home is the sheer weight of the chips + case . The case becomes VERY heavy with the chips inside it , and its large square size makes it awkward to carry in any other way other than by the handle.Therefore , to me the handle is a key feature that lamentably can not be trivialized as suggested by other fellow reviewers.It was the primary reason why I returned the set.A secondary reason is that the price is not exactly a `` bargain '' . After going to a local sporting store , I found a 500-chip set for less than half the price of this set - and that one included dealer buttons and 2 card sets . So I bought 2 of them . Yes I now have to haul 2 cases , but they 're infinitely sturdier and saved good money by buying a set with dealer buttons and cards already included .
 This thing is almost impossible to keep in the air since it has no true yaw control - it just uses the engines on either side to turn left and right and the system does n't work well at all . The thing loves to take nose dives and it 's easy to stall . The small battery on the plane takes a long time to charge and depletes very fast - maybe 5-10 minutes of crashing time before you need to recharge from the EIGHT D-Cell batteries in the clunky charging station ! This thing was recalled due to an over-charging / over heating hazard so it ca n't be found except on old store shelves now anyway . Do not buy .
 I purchased this plane as a Christmas gift for my son . The plane looks very good and the ability to practice the controls while the plane is locked onto the charging stand is great . It took a few times to get the plane airborne . Throwing the plane level really makes a difference . Once the plane was in the air it was a blast . My 7-year-old son was soon able to do loops and barrel rolls with ease , as long as there was little to no wind.The main drawback to this toy unfortunately is a major one . The foam material used is not nearly as durable as advertised . I specifically flew this toy on a golf course to ensure if it crashed it would not strike any trees or hard surfaces . After only 4-5 flights pieces of foam broke off the wing tips and the tail section was breaking in half!Lots of fun but not very durable .
 The Easter Bunny brought this plane for our son . We charged it up , took it outside . After it 's 4th flight , the propeller nut came off followed by the propeller . It crashed . Took a small chunk out of the wing . Remarkably we found the propeller and nut . Put it back on . Tightened it and the other one . Next flight the opposite nut and thus propeller came off . Crash . Nut and propeller gone . DOES NOT COME WITH SPARE NUTS . 5 flights -LRB- about 10 minutes of play -RRB- was NOT worth the money.Oh , but if you call the company they 're sell you a set for only $ 5 after shipping .
 I flew it 2 times . the first time I flew it , it imeidetly got out of control and did n't turn sharp at all , and it hit a tree after going into my neighbors yard and and the plane was still in good condition . The second time I flew it I all of a sudden the right propeller nut comes off and the plane fell hard on the ground and got a chunk taken out of the right wing . the plane does not come with extra propeller tips so just took it back .
 After purchasing the SKYWINDER and noticing that it was Styrofoam , we gave it a try . First the plain has no wheels so every landing is a crash . It lasted for 3 flights . THIS IS THE WORST TOY WE HAVE EVER PURCHASED . And now we have the charger and remote control what a wait ! Bad trick to play on kids.CRASH RESISTANT ... HA HA
 flew great first time , then would spiral and nose hit the ground , after 6 hits the fyuselage broke into two , was fun when it lasted for my 9 yr old but not worth the money if it breaks that fast
 We put the skywinder together , put batteries in , but only the tail control surface would move occasionally when given a command from the controller . We took it back to the store
 This toy was a huge disappointment to my 9 year old . The styrofoam is supposed to be rugged , but not nearly enough . And it needs to be more rugged , because getting this thing to fly is a small miracle . Not sure if we received a defective plane or if they 're all this way , but the plane would n't balance on the training stand , not to mention in the air . After 15 + attempts to get this plane to fly , and never succeeding , the wing cracked , and this toy went back to the store it was purchased at .
 I bought this as a birthday present for my 9-year old nephew . What a disappointment ! The body is made out of some type of styrofoam , which makes it very easy to damage or break . The plane 's tail broke off after only about 5 minutes of play . There are a lot better things to spend your money on than this flimsy toy .
 This plane only is controlled by the remote for a few seconds . Once you throw it into the air I completey lost control of it . I was in a field and from the field it flew like 80 feet up and 100 feet far and I tried to land it and turn it off but it wound n't respond it just kept on flying in circles . Then it crashed into a pole and it right I could see the the middle broke in a half and dove down I went to look for it but coud n't find it . It crashed and broke in 2 on my first flight . It 's not even controlled by the remote it 's controlled by wind . Your going to waste your money . Before I bought it I did n't listen to the reviews and I got a bad product . Trust me do n't buy it , it 's awful .
 This was given to my daughter for her birthday and although it looks fun , the double-sided tape was hard to remove from one side and the scales keep falling off . What the toy did teach is that it looks pretty on the box , you ca n't believe everything they adverstise . In addition that it is just better to sew cloth than tape it together .
 This product shipped fast . I think it is worth what the cost is . But do n't have high expectations for it . My daughter is 10 1/2 and she was very frustrated trying to do this project . I had to help her a lot . Among other small problems , it comes with two sided tape strips to tape things together , but even with my natural long nails , I had a terrible time trying to separate the backing from the tape . I 'm not upset , because it did n't cost much . But , I would n't buy it again for any of my other daughters .
 This toy , very cute on the outside , is not cute on the inside . I bought for my 5 year old and we made it , but she was n't able to do ANY OF THE WORK except for perhaps glueing on some sequins . I would n't even recommend it for an older child since it drove me NUTS putting it together . Adhesive strips are almost impossible to use ... prepare to curse silently as you do this activity together . On top of that , it offers ZERO creativity . I really do n't understand the point of it at all , since once you get it together it is too fragile to really play with . It would have taken me less time to sew a doll from scratch ... next time I 'll do that and at least let my daughter help with design and fabric choices ...
 The kids will be very disappointed with this toy . The train is cute but will not stay on the tracks . Its good for just a display but not to play with . . So if your looking for a low price train set spend a little extra and buy a differerent one .
 We had a lot of hope for this product but it ends up being more work than my 5 year old can handle . An adult is definitely needed to cut out the patterns and place the magnets on the material . There are other similiar products which are easier to use .
 We received this dress-up outfit as a gift for my 6 yr old daughter . This outfit it way too small - on the box it 's labeled for a three year old yet amazon lists it for five years and older -LRB- and our 6 yr old daughter is petite for her age too ! -RRB- . Obviously the gift giver did n't know upon ordering so be forewarned - buy this item for a three year old ! It definitely is too small for four and five year olds . But the quality seemed fine - just way off on the sizing .
 I purchased this pug as a gift and when it arrived was immediately disappointed . Rather than it breathing , it made a loud grinding sound . The workmanship was poor around the seams . I inquired about returning it and had no problem in that area but had to spend my own money to return it . So very disappointed in this store and also the product .
 I was very excited to see a face painting product that my children could use to paint on each other without water . Unfortunately , the crayons never dry out once applied to the body . The paint remains smeary even hours later and the black and red paints stain furniture and clothing . Ultimately , a good idea , poorly executed .
 This listed in good `` condition '' . The item arrived very quickly however it was not in good condition .
 We ordered the Babyjorn original sling for a young mother-to-be . One day later we found she had been admitted to hospital , and was to discharged to a hostel . We used the carrier 's tracking number and spoke to a lady in the delivery company 's KC depot , giving the revised address.It never arrived , either at the original address or at the substitute address.We are out of pocket the whole amount we paid.We was robbed ! We have told lots of people that your carrier ca n't be trusted . You should use USPO , UPS or Fedex like everyone else!RV
 Our pediatric non-profit organization purchased this item thinking that it was brand new . It is clearly NOT new . It is quite beat up . It has numerous scratches and the wheels look like they have been used outdoors extensively . This is very disappointing.The Ride On Critter is still functional but it 's still a bummer when you buy something online thinking it 's brand new when in fact , it was used by God knows how many people . This would not normally be a big deal but since we serve a very specific and very special group of children , we hold a higher standard.Buy online if you do n't mind receiving a used product .
 This is a well-made toy -- sturdy , stable , nice design EXCEPT there 's no steering -- It just goes straight unless baby stands up and picks it up to make a turn.My 16 month old son found this more frustrating than fun , so I am returning it .
 the item should be pack differently . the front page of the product comes damage . Damage in away that it is melted so that the first page is useless .
 I thought it would be more `` realistic '' and I trusted the other reviews . The stethoscope is a `` fake '' , too rigid , and does n't fit in my daughter 's ears -LRB- 4 years old -RRB- . The blood pressure cuff is too small and does n't pump up . I 'm very disappointed !
 I rarely write reviews , but this doctor kit is soooo not worth the $ . The stethoscope is useless . It wo n't even sit in my daughter 's ears .
 The stethoscope does not allow you to hear a heartbeat and dos n't even stay on . The description also said it included a blood pressure cuff , but it did n't . Everything was cheaply made and is definitley for younger children . Luckily , my son enjoys playing with it , which is why IO gave it two stars , otherwise I would have returned it .
 I was excited to order this Battat Medical Kit after seeing all of the reviews and purchased it because of the blood pressure cuff . When my kit arrived , I was surprised how cheesey it looked , but again , it 's a toy . My kit did not include a blood pressure cuff at all , I do n't know if it was left out or just an incorrect description . The case seemed pretty sturdy , but all of the items were very unimpressive . It 's going back !
 Both the photo and description state that this toy contains a blood pressure cuff . The product I received did not include a cuff so it will be going back . Big disappointment .
 This medical kit is cheaply made . The stethoscope wo n't stay in my son 's ears and is flimsy . The blood pressure cuff is too small to fit around my 3-year-old arm . The syringe comes apart and the plunger will probably get lost . Not impressed . Will be buying a medical kit from someone else .
 The set i recieved did n't include the blood pressure tool which i actually bought the whole set for as my daughter wanted it
 This guy completely lied to me . The product description states that there is a baseball BAT . Today I opened the package and what do i find ? Just a BALL , no BAT .
 Red ring breaks very quickly . Unless the child is very young , you will break the balls very quick .
 DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!! i bought this junk ball and gathered up the nieghborhood kids to play and it litterly took one hit and it just ticked the ball and the red ring broke off and the ball dented i suggest just buy a wiffel ball set .
 I ordered this because were having an end of the baseball season wiffle ball tournament . In the description its says 32 '' junk ball bat with a sweetspot and a junk ball . This was NOT the case ! It only had the little ball , it didnt come with the bat !
 I ordered a Junk ball bat and ball set - The ball broke within 15 minutes , and the bat they sent was not a genuine Junk Ball Bat . It was cheap , and not what I ordered . The picture of the merchandise was completely different from what I received . My son was completely disappointed . I will never order from here again . I was ripped off . Very unhappy .
 The balls break way to easy and the customer service is not to be find . Emailed , called etc. . . I would not recommend this product at all . The bat is great when used with the real wiffle ball .
 My preschool bought 10 of these trikes . They are not used on a daily basis and they are stored in a building away from the elements . The children who use them meet the recommended age/size . Seven of the 10 broke in the same location -LRB- the wheel fork -RRB- where it is welded together . The manufactuer was very unwilling to help us replace the parts . Obviously the location of the break has been caused by faulty manufacturing . I do not recommend this trike and question the company 's commitment to quality , safety assurance and customer satisfaction .
 We bought this toy box and two days after unboxing it and putting it together , it broke . It appears to be `` glued '' together in some places and the glue did not hold . I have tried calling the company and the number is not current and the company 's website says their `` Intellectual Rights '' are for sale . I am very disappointed .
 This toybox appealed to me because it looked like it would be safe and hard to get fingers pinched , but we soon found out that it does not hold up to normal wear and tear . The lid came apart because it only had glue holding it together . Both legs broke and came off and the last straw was when I picked it up with toys in it and the bottom fell out . I would not recommend this toybox to anyone .
 When I bought this toybox , I was warned that it was a little difficult to put together and the quality wasnt great . The person warning me was correct . It took me hours to get it together because some of the holes didnt line up correctly to put the screws in , and it doesnt stay together so it isnt safe for children unless it is glued secure . I wouldnt have gotten a toybox that had to be glued together the 1st time it was moved from one part of the room to the other . On a positive note , once the glue dried , it does look very nice in the childs room .
 My son , and my niece both had this toy box ... It is a pretty toy box and it held a lot of toys . We both had the same problem though , the lid broke off the hinges . My sons got thrown away , and my sister just ripped off the hinges and lid and uses it for dress up clothes . Its sad that they didnt last long . They were just junky . I am looking for a new toybox , and will probably get a big plastic one . I dont think I would go for a wood one again .
 The Little Lovin ' Playhouse playset from the Littlest Pet Shop toy line was a huge disappointment and awaiting return to the store . I love the little pet shop pets , however this playhouse did not make it 5 min without the hamster getting stuck in the tube on top . The tube also keeps coming apart as well as the lid popping off . Not very well constructed for children to play with . After popping the parts on and off the first 30 or 40 times it just starts to look like junk.I was really hoping for better , but I am returning it and probably will think twice about the line of playhouses that go with these pets .
 I bought my daughter multiple playsets for Christmas from the LPS series . Round round pet town was vy far a more sturdy set and has more to do . THe hampster run on top of this set did not accurately fit and we were unable to put any animals inside or even get it securely fastened . Personally , I feel there are better built sets than this one , and this one has the least amount to do as far as pretend play goes .
 The description on the Amazion site promoted the inclusion of the bobblehead ferret - a much coveted creature by my 4-year old niece . On Christmas Day we discovered that the set did not include the ferret as advertised .
 I have always loved the old littlest pet shops . They were made well and none of mine ever broke . These , however are a totally different story . Before I could even get it out of the package , the hamster tube 's door fell off , and so did the front door.And in very little time , the dog 's head popped off . The door to the hamster 's tube falls off every few minutes , and it 's really annoying . Unless you want to spent half the time you play with it reassembling it , do n't buy this toy ! BRING BACK THE OLD LPS !!
 I bought this toy for my daughter and neice for christmas and thought it looked really cute , it was awful , the peices fell apart , I would not recommend this toy to anyone and had my neice take it back and get something better and worth my money .
 the picture and video on the computer looks better than the actual product .
 If you have children under 12 hitting , these balls may last a few weeks . If you have kids over 12 swinging at these balls , they will last a matter of pitches . Basically the red ring cracks very easily and then the ball is too light and does n't work as well .
 I bought this glider , a dn when I received the box the tail was broken , due to I live abroad I could n't excahnge it .
 I ordered this toy because my two year old had mastered his other shape sorters and I really liked the fine motor component the keys provide . However , upon receiving the toy I was a little let down . The reason being that the animals fit into the regular shape spaces . This means that a child can put the animals through the shape holes and since they fit , they think they 've done the task correctly . This toy requires hands on for parents -LRB- which is n't a bad thing -RRB- so your child wo n't be able to play on his/her own without garnering a false sense of correctness . Also , the plastic locks are not very sturdy and seem as though they will break easily . I have seen older versions of this toy in other settings and they did not have this issue . So if you can find a used one at a garage sale buy it . If not , I would pass on this toy .
 I really dislike this toy . The keys and locks are nearly impossible for my child to use and she gets very frustrated . I 'm glad this was a gift but am completely baffled at how many lame toys are produced . Do n't they have focus groups for this kind of item ? We hate it . Do not buy .
 i did n't like this toy at all , , , very bad quality . . would not recommend it to anyone . . . .
 YOU CAN GET THE SAME EXACT THING ON AMAZON FOR 12.00 !!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS IS A RIPOFF ... WONDERFUL TOY AND MY KIDS LOVED IT BUT NO REASON TO PAY TRIPLE FOR IT !
 I chose to by this plane on Amazon becuase I specifially wanted to plane to be white not green - the plane I received was green.So I was very dissapointed ... . I would have not chosen to buy from Amazon if I new about it .
 I am just writing to let everyone know that this is NOT a safe toy . My 8 year old daughter was playing on Banzai Blast on Memorial Day weekend and now has a cast up to her hip . She has a broken leg and will be wearing a cast until at least the end of July . We are not exactly sure how it happened , but as near as we can figure , her foot got caught in the space between the slide and the side . Water is not able to get into these areas . Due to the lack of water , her foot did not slide but the rest of her did . She now has 3 inch long fracture to her tibia -LRB- shin bone -RRB- and her tibia is now in two pieces.If you choose to let your children continue to play on this toy , PLEASE tell them to keep their arms and legs crossed and stay in the middle of the slide so that they can avoid a summer like ours .
 After careful research and review we took the plunge , so to speak , and purchased this product . It came very quickly and the big day arrived for our `` test drive ' , a beautiful holiday weekend . It was extremely easy to setup and after following the directions to the letter our little ones waited drooling with anticipation . Unfortunately we never got the chance to experience what others are saying because just about EVERY seam -LRB- and there are MANY -RRB- has a leak or hole of some sort making it impossible to retain air much less hold even the smallest child !!!! The product came with 3 medium sized colored patches and ONE infitesimal tube of adhesive - barely enough to use for one piece of a patch !!! After CAREFUL examination of the semi-inflated slide and listening for all the `` leaks '' we simply gave up !!!!!! There is not enough patch or adhesive on the planet to repair this aquatic disaster !! Needless to say our frustration did not hold a candle to the level of disappointment from our little ones !!!! Ironically the first page of the directions clearly states that this company does not offer refunds for any product that has been opened . Now I ask you , how will we know if the product is faulty or not if we do not open the box and check it out ???? We are EXTREMELY dissatisfied with this product and I ca n't offer feedback about the company or their level of customer service because it was a holiday weekend and their office is closed . I guess we were one of the unlucky ones and now we are left with a parachute full of holes , a small puddle and no recourse . My honey said we could have used the $ $ $ spent on this product to take the little ones to a real waterpark - Oh well live and learn ...
 My nieces grandmother bought this waterslide for their birthdays . The set up is quite easy and the kids do have fun however , mixing an inflatable and water is not a good idea . We had some neighbor girls over to play with my nieces and one of the girls flew down the slide so quickly she landed on the grass onto her back and knocked the wind out of herself ! She was okay to breathe after a few minutes but also has a large bruise on her back . If this is happening to kids while being supervised , I can only imagine what is happening to kids who are not being watched ! I expect this item will be recalled in a few weeks !
 We have had the slide for less than 2 weeks , my kids played on it a hand full of times and already we have ripped seams and crackling in the material . If water pools up just a little on the end the slide flatens at the end making a hard landing . What 's worse is that after having these problems I retrieved the box so that we could pack it all up and return it , but it ca n't be returned to the store and states that once the slide has been taken out of the box and used it ca n't be returned for a refund . I hope that does n't apply to a defective slide because ours is literally falling to pieces , I expected more for $ 160.00 .
 We purchased this waterslide for my 7 year old son and the 6-8 year old kids in the neighborhood . We had this slide one day and two kids were injured on it . First was my neighbors 6 year old son who got a bloody nose when another child flew off the end of the slide and plowed into him . Second was my son who got `` tripped up '' on the top seam of the slide . This sent him down off-centered . The `` siderails '' are so flimsy and underinflated they do n't withstand any weight so my son fell off the top of the slide . It was only by the grace of God he did n't hit his head and landed on his legs !!! He 's bruised , bloody and swollen from his toes to his knees . He has two open wounds on one foot from hitting the ground so hard.Even more upseting is that when we called the 800 number to return the item the line was busy for almost an hour . Once we finally got through I was treated terrible and hung up on . I spent another hour getting through to another rude associate who stated IT WAS MY FAULT MY SON WAS INJURED BECAUSE I SHOULD HAVE BEEN HELPING MY SON UP THE LADDER AND DOWN THE SLIDE !! Keep in mind my son will be 8 years old in July.I eventually contacted Consumer Affairs and filed a complaint.After what happened to my neighbors son , my son , and the girl on this sites previous posting with the broken leg , I 'm sincerely concerned about this products lack of safety !!!!
 We purchased this slide last year , and yes , we did get about 10-15 uses out of it last year and about 3 uses this year , but after less than 20 uses it is no longer usable ! The lining inside the fabric part is wearing away and the product doesnt hold air as it should , there is no way to fix this . The toy is GREAT , and the kids had an absolute BLAST on it , but after only a little over one summers use , it has expired . I think overall , I got my moneys worth , but it was disappointing to only be able to use it one full summer :-LRB- Just want to warn others of this so you can make a decision on its worth to you !
 I bought this today . It says it 's a 14 FOOT slide . The slide is -LRB- maybe -RRB- 6 feet long , and it 's about 10 feet tall including the archway . I have no clue where it came up with 14 feet . ALSO , it says the weight limit is 200 pounds . A friend who is 180 went on it once and hit the ground . Total waste of money .
 From < a href = `` http://www.truceteachers.org/ '' > Teachers Resisting Unhealthy Children 's Entertainment < / a >
 I am not focusing my comments on the product which is about par with other Barbies produced by Mattel in the International collection so perhaps this could be termed as more of a personal reaction than a product analysis . Oh please , Mattel ... my daughters and I are American citizens who just happen to live in Spain and are also Barbie fans and collectors . When we first saw this Barbie we had the same reaction , a frustrated `` so Spain and Spaniards should be associated with bullfighting '' as most Americans seem to think!Stereotypical -LRB- as are other international Barbies -RRB- but this one to the nth degree ! Former Spanish Barbies were also cliched but at least they represented some of the beautiful regional dress in Spain and not bullfighting ! With so much culture and history surely Mattel could have come up with something other than the typical `` Espa & ntilde ; a y ole '' syndrome so often touted in travel guides and brochures ! Yes , bullfighting is popular -LRB- but not as well-loved as most think -RRB- in Spain but a huge sector of the Spanish population would be ashamed to be represented by and identified with a Barbie in a `` traje de luces '' .
 No one with any sense of humanity should buy this doll . Mattel stopped production after protests from animal lovers around the world . Why should Barbie be portrayed as a cold-blooded killer of bulls ? Bullfighting is an anathema to civilization , a remnant of medieval cruelty to animals , and to glorify it in any way , such as making a bullfighting doll , is something that should not be encouraged . Buy something else .
 Mattell discontinued this disgusting glorification of violent animal cruelty . Amazon should take their lead and refuse to sell such products on their Web site.If Amazon continues to sponsor such abhorrent activities , I will have to refrain from buying products from the company .
 I am appalled that children are encouraged to torture and kill animals which is exactly what happens in a bullfight . Spain is a magnificent country but as with any country , some traditions are best to be permanently ended . I hope that Matell discontinues this product immediately and creates a doll showing compassion toward life instead.Sincerely , Lesley Parker-Rollins
 If you thought that the Psyduck or Jigglypuff beanies were bad , wait til you see THIS ! It KINDA looks like Mewtwo , but eventhough theres no picture , theres is piece of purple cloth around it 's neck for some reason , and it looks like it 's wearing a bib for some reason . Also , it may just be the one I have , but it may have a tough time standing up , if it can at all . Do your self a favor , pass over this one unless you 're a completest and just go for the Gengar beanie .
 I ordered 3 and will be returning 1 . The grass skirt is coming apart , and bits of it are in the bottom of the package , not well made at all . I received the 3 that are in the second picture , she has the devil face/ears . Picture is deceiving as well .
 Okay , this may look like a really cool Skipper doll , but there is one slight problem ... YOU CA N'T GET THE BATHROBE OF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU HAVE TO CUT THE RIBBON OF AND THEN YOU CA N'T TIE THE ROBE !!!!!!!!!! ALTHOUGH IT IS A VERY COOL SKIPPER , I WOULD RECOMEND THE FASHION PARTY TEEN SKIPPER INSTEAD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have to say that the description `` A sleeveless top with pink cotton bodice and transparent pink vinyl waist and shoulder panels shows off her minuscule waist . '' is very upsetting . What are we teaching the children ?
 There 's only one in the box , it does n't work with any accuracy , eats batteries like popcorn and frusterated the kids more than it entertained them .
 This was a very fun lantern but was too easily dismantled by my curious 5 year old . I would buy it again .
 i got this toy for my toddler , and he hated it . Two years later and it is the least played with toy he owns . The cars have pull-back and go action , but they move so slow that he doesnt even touch them . Dont waste money on this toy .
 This game was cool at first but then it started to get boring . You just wake up in the morning and go to school . You get to have a job but you ca n't see yourself doing it at all . You just shop and talk to people . It 's a waste of time . You ca n't have a real boyfriend or actually do something like if you ask a friend to go to the pet shop , 2 seconds later the game says `` went to pet shop '' The things that you buy for your room like the TV , video game console , or DVD player , u ca n't even use ! It 's soooo boring . You do the same things every single day . Soo if you 're planning on buying it ... it 's not a good idea .
 I was really excited about getting this game BUT , when I finally got it was really fun at first but after 10 game days I realized you just keep repeating the same things over and over and over , it got REALLY BORING . I think everybody who gave it 5 stars must have only played the game for a minute or not at all .
 My daughter begged and begged for this worthless game . It is a waste of money !!! It is no fun , boring.Don ' t buy this game !!!
 This was the one and only toy my daughter -LRB- 11 Years old -RRB- wanted for christmas.I searched the stores and everyone was all out , I had just about given up hope on finding one for her when I came accross it online.Ordered it got it right away , never thought of trying it out to see if it worked because it was brand new after all , gave it to her for christmas she wasVERY excited to play it , so we hooked it up -LRB- which is extremely easy to do -RRB- and she went to play and the system did NOT work , it kept `` freezing up '' we sent it back and promptly got another . She finaly got to play it , she found it to be boring after just a few times playing it , it 's not the type of game where there are different levels of play or that you can do many different things on it , which ended up being a good thing seeing as it also started `` freezing up '' not letting her play.Over all I think the IDEA of the game was a good one , it could teach kids math without them realizing it because they have to `` purchse '' things they want and need to `` earn '' money to do so.Unfortunatley the quality is not the best , unless it is just a real fluke and we just ended up with the only two systems that do n't work properly.Her friends and sister -LRB- 10 years old -RRB- also found that they got bored with it right away .
 I bought this for my daughter for her 11th birthday . After playing the game once , she asked me if I could take it back . She said that the game was boring because it was so limited as far as what you could do in the game . My daughter has always played a lot of `` simulated life '' video games -LRB- i.e. , the Sims , Animal Crossing -RRB- and online games -LRB- i.e , club penguin -RRB- . I suspect this is why she found this game limiting . Other games that she has played portray a more intricate `` life '' and therefore draw the player in to a greater degree . My advice would be to consider what your daughter is used to before buying this . If your daughter has no experience in these types of games , this game will probably be fine . However if your daughter has previously played simulated life games , she will probably find this one lacking .
 At Christmas I recieved the toy , because I wanted it so much I hooked it up to my TV and played it . First of all when you go to school it just says `` went to school '' !! Yoou do n't learn anything by playing this game . When you do a sport you just click it and says `` practiced sport or won tournament '' . You can go shopping at the mall like 8 stores and when your closet gets full you have to sell stuf !!!!!! You can only play to different games on Dream Life and then you have to delete them . You also ca n't have a real boyfirned you just have boys that like you . And when a friend asks you to go to a party and you say yes you do n't actually go , same with school dances . This game was like fun for the first 3 days after I got it , but now I do n't even play anymore . You should not by this game i is n't fun and it costs to much . Please take what I said into consideration .
 This is not very intresting . I only used it a few times and i got it for my birthday . It 's over priced .
 My 12 year old daughter asked for this for her birthday . I got it for her . She thinks it sucks . Gameplay time goes very fast . You get `` a month '' per character . When the month is over , you have to make a new character and start completely over . It 's a waste of time and not a good one .
 I bought this for my daughter 's 8th birthday . She was so excited . Put the batteries in , hooked it up to the TV and ... nothing . Changed batteries , reset it a few times , got the splash screen then it just froze up again . Repeated attempts resulted in us getting as far as the main selection menu , then it would frizz out again . I returned it , got another and got the same result . Despite the fact that my daughter begged for this thing , even she was n't willing to be disapointed a third time and opted to get a different toy .
 My daughter was bugging me like crazy to find this toy for her . She was so excited , she ripped the box open and ran downstairs to play . After 30 minutues she said , `` I do n't understand the reviews we read on Amazon , there is nothing to do in this game . '' You do n't really `` go '' to school and there 's nothing to `` learn '' . The game just says , `` you 've been to school . '' No lessons , no nothing . It 's been 30 minutes and she wants to return it already.I 'm not surprised . I actually think the first 20 reviews on here must have been written by Hasboro employees . Parents beware ! Unless your daughter is from the stone ages and has never seen a video game , this game will bore her to death .
 My daughter used this twice for about 2 hours each time . She enjoyed it , but after about 4 hours she was bored and had done everything on the machine . It crashed twice due to not enough memory . So So , spend your money elsewhere ...
 when i saw the commercial on tv for this , i was like OMG I MUST HAVE IT ! after begging and begging my parents , they finally gave in . and i was kinda disappointed . u cant really do anything in this game . sure its ur `` dream life '' but not really . all u do really is go to skool , go to ur best friend 's house and chat , talk to other ppl , go to the mall , get a job , sign up 4 activities , and go to the salon and stuff . i mean sure it sounds fun with all of those features but NO ! so lets say u signed up for basketball in the game . all u do is `` practice '' it and not actually do it . its kinda an automatic thing . and when u talk to friends , O PLEASE dont even get me started with that topic . sure u talk to friends but u have options on wat to say to them . the ppl there are guys and girls . but its not realistic at all !!! sometimes , when u talk to a guy , they say all these girly stuff cuz thats the way its programed such as
 This game seemed like so much fun and the comercials were convincing and everything!It was fun at FIRST then I got REALLY bored!I 'm so upset now because I payed for this with my money and then my friend 's B-day came and after all that I only have like 20 bucks left and I do n't get allowence!The only thing you can do in this game is shop for little nick nacks in your room that you CA N'T use and clothes!And then when you 've bought too many clothes your wardrobes full and the game wo n't let you buy any more clothes !!! This game also uses A LOOOOOOOOOT of battery power!Just do n't buy it !
 I bought this for my nine year old daughter . The game in theory is great , but ours does not work right , and the company is not real great to deal with . I am still trying to get a replacement . If the game worked properly , I would rate it 5 stars , easily . Even my thirteen year old daughter loves it .
 Are you kidding me ? This toy is terrible ! All you do is TALK ! And you usually talk about the same thing every time ! At parties ? - TALK ! No one is telling gossip , sharing stories , laughing or anything ! At school dances ? - STILL talking ! No one is dancing , no one is at the food table getting punch for their dates , no DJ or music or anything . Also , when you get a boyfriend , when you ask to go somewhere , you do n't go ! It just says `` You had a good time '' or `` you had a bad time '' . You ca n't kiss , hug , or anything like that with them ! At dances , they just say `` do you want to dance ? '' and if you say yes it just says `` Dancing was a dream come true ! '' If you come across him again he asks the same thing ! The ending is also terrible and why do you need to buy new clothes anyway ? You do n't need them because it does n't matter ! When you miss school it 's like it does n't even matter ! You ca n't go to school or play your sports or do anything ! I do n't know how anyone can like this game ! Trust me when I say this - DO NOT BUY THIS GAME !
 I 'm sure that this toy is `` fun '' for some people.HOWEVER , I think that it is PATHETIC and DISGUSTING that a company has been allowed to create and advertise a toy that ENCOURAGES young girls to PRETEND to be something that they are not . They are suggesting that it 's perfectly normal for girls to take part in virtual activities -LRB- making friends , extracurricular activities , going to school , playing sports -RRB- when they should be taking part in these activities in their REAL LIVES.PARENTS
 Dream Life seems a lot like the game Sims . -LRB- I love that game . -RRB- This game looks very interesting on the advertisements . I would like to buy it . But compared to the game Sims , it seems like it 's for little kids . I 'm 12 years old . Based on the other reviews , it sounds ok even if you are 12 . The reason I gave 1 star is because the ads do n't tell much about the game . But hopefully , I will find out more by reading the other reviews !
 My daughter really wanted this game . She thought it sounded so cool . She bought it with her own money.She was so excited to play because she was under the impression she would decorate her room , go to school , parties , shopping hang out with friends . and it was very dissapointing . There are very few things that you actually do and the rest they just tell you youve done.Its very repetitive and not much fun .
 Dream life is okay . It is really fun at the beginning . When i got it , i came home and i was all excited and i played it for one hour . It did n't run out of battery quickly . In fact , i 've had it for 4 months now and played it alot and it has n't run out of battery once . Anyway , it is really fun and exciting for the first week and maybe the second , but after a while , it gets really boring . You might think that i am lying because the commercial looked really good , but i made the same mistake that you are or that you are making for your child . I read all of the reviews and i thought `` Oh , whatever '' to the ones that did n't say it was awesome . I only listened to the ones that said it was an awesome game . -LRB- Probobaly written by either Hasbro employees or people who have n't bought the game yet -RRB- . Anyway , there is no educational value whatsoever . You press `` go to school '' once you are in school , you press a button and it says `` school is over '' . This might sound fun , but it is n't . If you invite your friend somewhere to do something , it just says `` you went bowling with Jake '' or something like that . Kids should n't be doing these activities in a dream world , they should be out there doing them ! Everything you cand do in the game such as doing sports , doing homework , studying for tests , making friends , and doing chores , you can do them all out in the real world . and trust me , you will get a much better reward in the real world then doing them on your TV set . Also , you do chores and get a rediculous amount of money . if you was the dishes , feed the dog , set the table , sweep the kitchen , or watert the plant , you get 10-20 dollars ! Kids should n't expect that in real life ! So do n't make the same mistake i did . DO N'T buy `` Dream Life '' because this is no dream . It 's real !
 Hi , this game is soooo boring because like when you ask a friend to go to the mall it saids like Alexa had a good time or whatever else . You don , t see them get to do anything at ALL !!!
 When I saw Dream Life on Tv i was like `` i soo want it !! '' but then i read all the reviews and i agree with some of them . Like some other girls say in the game i get to do what i cant do in dream life like wear mini skirts and have boy friends . Well i do n't know how that sounds to u but to me it sounds bad cuz thats not whats importiant in life . Sure i bet it 's fun and I 'm not sayn not to get it but u girls got ta realize it 's a game ! I just recently turned 13 and I do n't have boy friend , and y should i care , sure maybe if u get a good one u will feel a bit loved , but come on ! U have all ur life 2 wear mini skirts , have perfect hair and have boy friends ! U r 8-13 yrs old ! Ur kinda just wasting ur time playn this game cuz ur missing out on real life and growing up ! Us girls just wana grow up 2 fast ! I know ! I was dieing to have a boy friend just to make me feel special , then i realized i have tons of friends family and God for that ! As for u girls who say u have a ton of Best friends on Dream life , how about you step into the real world and make some ?! So i do n't care what any other u people think cuz it 's my opinion , my voice . - Katie
 My daughter -LRB- age 8 1/2 -RRB- has been begging for this for months , based on the constant barrage of advertising on children 's TV . I quickly checked the reviews here and saw that it was highly rated and inexpensive , so I bought it for her . I am stunned and appalled at how awful it is . It 's similar to any one of the online sites such as Be-bratz , WebKinz , and Club Penguin , in that you create a character , move through various rooms and areas , do tasks and chores , earn money , and spend it on stuff . The video quality is awful compared to any of those sites , the music is tedious . The graphics are simple and ugly . Worst of all are the blatant stereotypes in the content - you can be `` athletic '' `` funny '' or `` brainy , '' you can say dialog like `` I think I just failed my math test '' and you can have boring conversations with your friends like `` I like your necklace , did you make it ? '' The main purpose is to get money and buy stuff . I wish I could throw it out the window.I will add that my kaughter is delighted with it , so far , after one session .
 i Bought this thinking yay this is going to be so cool u can do so much but i was wrong all u relly can do i shop and tlk to poeple u dont see yourself at parties and u dont see your self doing the sports u signed up for so all u do is wake up in the morning go to school wich u also dont see your self doing anything at then after school u talk to someone and then all u can do is shop for clothing its so boring so if u wana buy this dont it looks cool but its not !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 OK so My mom bought this game for my 12th Birthday well I was so Excited Because on the commercial it looked so fun when I got it Me and my friend set it up . Well the first week it was fun but then it just got Boring you do n't even get to do the Activities or when you ask the friend you want to go to the Mall It just says you and Jessica had a lot of fun . Final Review do n't waist your money For this game . It 's now in my closet collecting dust .
 Not that great of product . Flimsy and not very entertaining . Makes cool sounds , but one broke after only a few weeks of use . Does n't come close at all to adult laptop for child to even think it was like her parent 's . Not worth the price . Should be about $ 10 cheaper .
 We are extremely disappointed with this toy . We purchased it for our 23-month-old , because she never lets us use our computer when she is around . We thought it would distract her while we type on the real computer . There are no buttons that light up , and it does n't even have a real screen . It 's all made out of foam . The only component she even pays attention to is the rocket . Classifying this as suitable for children up to three years old borders on intentional false advertising . It might keep a one-year-old entertained for five minutes if you 're lucky .
 this laptop does n't make enough sounds.just the spaceship and orange button have some sort of sound.most components of the laptop was easily detached by my son who is 8mths and were easily misplaced.he lost interest the same day i bought it !
 Please , save your money !! There are some very small pieces that baby can easily choke !!! I bought for my 4 months old baby and she did n't enjoy at all . Besides , I left her alone and she had some parts in her mouth , it is very dangerous ! If you want to buy their first computer , go ahead and get a leap frog or fisher price , they like them better !
 This item was such a disappointment and not worth the cost . It was so much smaller than I expected and the `` activities '' were boring to my baby . With just a few tugs of the Velcro space figures , the Velcro on the laptop pillow pulled off . I ended up buying a much better `` My First Laptop '' from Lakeside Collections for only $ 15.95 and it is much more entertaining and durable . Unfortunately , it is no longer in Lakeside 's inventory , but do n't waste your money on this one .
 TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN : We were in your Monroeville , PA store yesterday to purchase the above-referenced toy . What we found PRICE WISE was a special SALE tag over the top of the regular `` shelf '' price which said `` REGULAR PRICE $ 49.99 ON SPECIAL FOR $ 39.99 '' while the regular `` shelf '' price under the tag said $ 39.99 the same as your `` SPECIAL PRICE '' . I note that your on-line special price is $ 29.99 . I have heard a few other comments about pricing problems at this store . How do I explain such things to myself . By the way , I purchased this same TV Mini Golf -LRB- Milton Bradley not Hasbro as you advertised -RRB- at WalMart for $ 29.99 . R.B.McBurneyP.S . Please note that the ratings are such because of this little price trickery and the toy was for a Christmas gift .
 Ok , I 'm not into games and would n't know , so maybe it 's a decent game -LRB- though if it is , that means they have n't changed AT ALL since the '80s -RRB- . However , lets say you 're looking at this , and thinking , hey , it 's got handlebars and controls , this might be an easy and painless introduction for a kid interested in motorcycles to the basic control concepts . . particularly the counter-intuitive need to roll the grip-throttle BACK to accelerate FORWARD , and maybe a start on the tricky bits of coordination needed to keep from applying the throttle and the front brake at the same time ... Forget it . This is n't going to teach anything real at all . There is no grip throttle , the `` accelerator '' is a little thumbswitch about where the starter button should be that 's either `` on '' -LRB- go fast -RRB- or `` off '' -LRB- decelerate rapidly to a stop -RRB- . Both levers are `` brakes '' -LRB- I did n't really expect a clutch -RRB- , that decellerate even more rapidly to a stop . I have n't seen any need to do that in the internal logic of the game , so they can be pretty much ignored - and will be . The steering is a tilt switch , you tilt the whole thing in the air to turn , which actually is n't too bad - it 's more like countersteering than a turn sensor would be - but then , it works with both wheels in the air . None of the controls modulate at all - the tilt switch feels like it has maybe 5 positions counting neutral/centered , in other words `` turn '' and `` turn hard '' in each direction , the brakes and throttle are just either on or off.So , maybe it 's OK just as a game , but the `` educational value '' is actually in the negative realm somewhere , since a kid who plays with it a lot would have to `` unlearn '' these controls to ride someday ...
 My 6 year old son received this game as a Christmas gift three weeks ago . This was his `` favorite '' toy until it started giving us trouble . First of all , week one it lost all volume . Then from that point on it has been slowly breaking all together , now it wo n't turn on . We tried all of the trouble shooting and changed the batteries twice , but no luck . Pretty sad toy for $ 50 . Actually , terrible quality even at the sale price !!! Anyway , my 6 year old is very upset about this , and I thought we should give people a heads-up before your as disappointed at we are !!!!
 Super 1st hour of fun , then the game broke and was no longer usable . Gave same product to my sister and her son and husband had great fun with it . As far as I know , their 's is still working .
 got this for Christmas , and my boys were excited to play with it while it lasted.The cars do n't have any light/sound - the station does . The battery included went out pretty quick.The fire truck broke in a day . Sigh .
 Amazon shipped the SOS Playstation in record time . It was a gift for my grandson . He loved the fire station but the loudspeaker did not work and the siren was inaudable and flashing blue light was barely flashing . Thinking this product was defective we sent it back , only to receive a second product with almost the same problems . Will not order from this manufacturer again . I did see where this product has been discontinued . Thank goodness !
 Based on the price , the picture , the title -LRB- `` Oball set '' -RRB- , and description , I thought I was ordering 4 Oballs . I only received one . This was a terrible deal . Do not order this `` set '' because it 's not a set !
 I want to start by saying that I love these balls . My baby loves these balls . He favors them over more expensive toys . Now I will explain the past sentence . I purchased one of these balls at Target for $ 2 for one ball . That would make four of them $ 8 . How amazon charges $ 15 for 4 of these balls is crazy ! Plus the other reviewers here say that they only got 1 ball for this price ! That 's crazy ! Go buy this at Target and put the other $ 13 into a college fund . Sorry amazon . I love you but sometimes you crazy .
 I thought it would be nice to have this for my baby to play with . But there are uneven surface and little spike at the end of plastic . I am very concern the potential risk of hurting my baby 's skin . Therefore , I will return it . If you want to buy one , make sure you inspect them carefully when receiving it .
 I ordered 2 Oball 's . One for my nephew -LRB- that was an original Oball -RRB- & the other for my daughter -LRB- which was SUPPOSED to be a Jellie Oball -RRB- . My nephew 's Oball is fine but my daughter 's is excatly like his except I paid more for hers !!!! I thought it was going to be sparkly like the description says but it is not !!! I am so upset & it is supposed to be a Christmas present so if I return it I will never get it back in time for Christmas !!!! I was excited about this but now I am just agitated !! I might send it back anyway & tell them to give me my money back . I can just get her something else .
 The item is Rhino Toys Multi Color 4 '' Infant Oball Set -LRB- We consider there are two or four oballs , but we just received one oball.We consider we are cheated on it ... -RRB-
 I have bought several melissa and doug puzzles for my nieces and have been very happy . This one is the exception however , it is not very easy to put together . Too many of the pieces are almost the same and with the puzzle being the same colors across the board it is a nightmare especially for a young child.My 7 year old loves puzzles and she is good at putting them together . She was very frustrated with this one . So was I and I am 40 .
 missing pieces frustrating to work on this only to find there are missing pieces . This is the second time this has happened
 Pkg arrived promptly with everything intact ... . However this puzzle in particular did not fit well together with pieces that seemed to be warped like the puzzle had gotten damp at some time . This was not true of the other puzzles in this shipment .
 My mother in law bought this for my son 's second birthday , but I heard on the news today that the decibel level on this toy exceeds recommended levels for small children and can actually damage hearing . . I am going home today to look for the hidden volume button , which I learned about thanks to other parents ' reviews . My child does like the blues clues cartridge and I think it is very educational so I will keep it if I can find the volume control , otherwise very disappointed and I will return it . .
 I purchased this toy for my 3 year old daughter at the time who has learning disabilities but LOVES music , so I thought it would be great ... She LOVED playing with it with her sister up until about a month or so of owning the toy and the microphone breaking . . Replaced batteries several times and did n't do any good . . Still a broken toy with a great concept and would be wonderful if it worked properly ... It was a waste of money spent on a toy in which I no longer had a receipt for which went straight to the trash ...
 This is a great idea , however , it is way too loud . My 2 yr old son loved this toy in the store , but was scared of it out of the box . It was returned to the store the next day even the customer service clerk could n't believe a toddler 's toy could be so LOUD -LRB- no problem returning it even ripped out of the box -RRB- .
 My son received this gift as a Christmas present and he really enjoys it . However - I absolutely can not tolerate the volume . You can not understand how loud it is - I believe one of the other reviewers when they say it exceeds recommended decibel levels . I just went to check for the `` hidden '' volume control - it does not exist on ours . Perhaps I will `` fix it '' with tape and cardboard , but for the moment , it is staying in the off position ! Clearly not made by people with children , or maybe by the time it hit the market , their ears had already been damaged . This toy has made me look very closely for volume switches on all other toys I now buy .
 I have bought this toy -- twice . Actually , I had to return the first after it stopped turning the `` pages '' after a month . Well , it happened again and brand new batteries are not the answer . My sister has had the same problem with the one she bought for her daughter . She is not too concerned though because she rarely could stand to have her children play with it because it really is too loud.I said `` LOUD ! '' I originally bought this as a nice car toy , but once in the car , the music reverberrates and can give you a headache in three minutes flat -- it 's that loud . I know nothing about a volume control.I really wish the makers had worked a bit harder with this toy because it really does have great potential as a teaching and learning tool .
 We bought this for my 2 year-old daughter who just loves Dora , but she is scared to death of the thing ! We even have the one with volume control ! The soft volume is not soft . It 's more like very loud and extremely loud . She also does n't care for the rolling screen . The other children who have played with it seem to enjoy it , although it moved too slow for the 4-year old I care for . I ca n't really say how educational or durable it is . We rarely use it since my daughter wo n't even stay in the room when it comes out .
 The good
 My son loved this toy , bur soon after we got it , it no longer worked . I replaced it with another one that also quickly died out for no reason . Great idea , but it does n't last and only frustrates kids who want to play with it . We finally just pitched ours and gave up . Not worth the trouble .
 My kids -LRB- two and three years -RRB- NEVER play with this . I think they 're afraid of it , as I am . I vividly rember telling my husband to keep looking for the volume control as no educated professional would be so foolish as to put a toy so audibly rude on the market . I ca n't believe this little detail slipped through the cracks . How many humans work for fisher price ?? It 's like the chuckie of toddler computers . Apparently there exists a model with a volume control , obviously in response to consumer dissatisfaction . I am not one of the fortunate ones who purchased wisely . I also think it is sneaky to leave the obnoxiously overbearing cacaphonous version on the shelves while unsuspecting consumers watch their smiling offspring consort with the evil twin volume control equipped model seducing us to assume our toy will be equally tolerable . I make this statement certain that both models existed when I purchased mine as it was only a couple of months ago . This toy should be recalled regardless of condition !!!!
 My daughter loved it in the store but as soon as we got home home the story started and it was n't on the right page I called the hotline they told me to reset the game and change the batteries which I did it still did not help . Its going back tommorrow . By the way it is VERY LOUD !!
 I do n't really recommend this toy for 2 reasons . First , too loud , apparently I see from another review that newer models have a volume control -- this is a must !!! But , the biggest problem I see is that the screen is difficult to see . It is not backlit and the touch screen is very reflective so it is difficult to make things out , especially when trying to identify colors . The idea is great , but it needs some work . I was really disappointed .
 What a disappointment this toy is ! We can hardly see the screen its such bad quality . The disc for learning your colors is so dark I had trouble helping my son identifying the objects . It goes way to fast for a 2-3 year old . All he enjoys about this toy is punching the two buttons .
 This is an overpriced piece of junk ! It does n't teach anything!I bought it for my kids who just turned 1 and 2 . My 1 year old danced to the music for about 5 minutes and my 2 year old -LRB- who already knows all the colors -RRB- just pounded on it with the mic for about a minute or two before he lost interest ! . It 's going back to the store !
 I too rushed out to buy this toy for my 2 1/2 year old based on the commercials . I also bought an extra `` Dora '' cartridge . My daughter played with this toy in the store and I was surprised at how LOUD they had it set . I figured I 'd be able to lower the volume when we got home , but I was wrong ! There IS NO volume ! For the price of this toy it should definitely be able to be turned down to a more comfortable level . My daughter ca n't play with it long because she does n't like anything loud . After a while , it 's very annoying . If it had a volume control , I would recommend it highly .
 I almost bought this for my 18 month old but after seeing these reviews and it broken in the store ... no thanks ! It was stuck in between the screens and twitching while playing music . I guess this is the `` Leap Pad '' solution to a child under 2 . My daughter loves my son 's Leap Pad so we just bought the pink one for 3 years + but they also sell other versions for younger and older . Anyway , hold on to your receipt , you may need it . Amazon has horrible return policies -LRB- they take a good chunk -RRB- so buy it at a store .
 I was excited to buy this toy . My two year olds love music and many of the characters in the cassettes . In a short time when the pages advanced they were unaligned and where calling yellow , blue . Nothing like confusing a child . Then it stopped responding altogether . I bought another because I had all of the cartridges and my children liked it when it worked and the new one does not advance properly either.Great idea but needs a few bugs worked out .
 We really did love this toy , except for the fact that it was very loud , but 2 months after Christmas the pages were jamming . I changed the batteries , put in a different cartridge . But alas it was broken , so I bought another one and exchanged the broken one ... well the new one broke within a month -LRB- same problem -RRB- . My kid did n't even mistreat it because I would supervise him while he played with it -LRB- his idea -RRB- . So I got rid of the cartridges and then he would play with just the lights and sounds but the lights were too bright . So now it 's in a closet somewhere . I 'll throw it out when I clean out the closet . Just trying to help .
 Just a few weeks after my daughter got this for Christmas last year , it started freaking out , for lack of a better term . The screen would rewind back to the beginning for no reason . She would get upset and tell me it was broke . I thought the batteries were dying but it was n't that . Tried to wipe the screen cleaner thinking it was reading `` fingerprints '' but that did n't help either . The pages trun whenever they want , and now it will only advance a couple of pages , then automatically rewind . We have the Elmo cartridge and a Barney cartridge , and both do it . She uses it now just to sing into the microphone.My sister-in-law says the same happens with her daughter 's , too . So I have to beleive it 's the toy .
 This toy was bought as a gift for my daughter 's 2nd B-day . -LRB- December -RRB- She loves the toy !!!!!! We have to bring it everywhere . Without the volume control I would have died . The only bad thing about this toy is that it only lasted until early February . Some of the buttons you would press would n't work . The mic cut out all the time . And then finally the page would freeze . Now the toy has just stopped working . Changing the batteries did n't help . We 're in the process of getting another one from fisher-price . However , I do recommend this toy . Maybe we just had a bad one .
 The screen is just too dark ... makes you feel like you are going blind when you try to distinguish the colors . I am concerned that the volume may be a little too loud for my daughter 's ears . My biggest concern , however , is with the darkness of the screen . What a wonderful toy this would be if we could only see it !!!
 According to toysafety.net this toy is too Loud !!!! Above 85 decibels !!! I am taking the one I got my 22-month-old for Christmas back to the store ! I thought it was loud but figured there may be a switch to turn it down in the back . Apparently not . Your child will be going deaf by the time they get to kindergarten with excessive use of this toy !!! Learn Through MusicCategory
 I purchased this for my son for Christmas & had to return it . This thing is SO LOUD & there is NO volume control button . Would highly recommend NOT buying this item !
 If your child could really see the images on the `` books '' this would be a great toy . The problem is that for some reason Mattel decided to tint the unit screen a dingy yellow , which means that anything you put into it is very hard to see . It 's a shame because it actually is a pretty entertaining toy and seems durable otherwise.If they were to fix this , I would have given it 5 stars all around .
 This product is TERRIBLE ! My son recieved it for his second birthday and was thrilled with it until it completely died out after two weeks . We replaced the item and the second one did n't even last 24 hours ! I was very disappointed in the quality of this toy and now have a lot of money tied up in something that does n't work .
 This toy is as the other reviews have stated . First , it is way too loud of a toy . When buying it for Christmas and trying it out at the store , we assumed there would be a volume control . There was n't . Usually with noisy toys , you `` get used to it . '' Not with this toy . It is obnoxious . Exactly the same problem with the advancement of the pages . They either get stuck or play a different page . As for the screen , it is definatley too hard to distinquish . My 2 year old does play with it , but does n't hold her attention for too long . Maybe because it is way too loud for her too ! And like the others also stated , I wish that I read the reviews also before buying . My loss ...
 This was great while it lasted - has n't even been a month since Christmas and it 's broken . The cartridges do n't move forward or backword anymore - if they do move once in a while - they are on the wrong page so it asks the child to push a number , my daughter will push the number 4 and it says 10 . REally disappointed in the quality for the cost . The only thing that still does work is the microphone which my duaghter -LRB- age 2 -RRB- still has fun talking into . My advise
 A Christmas gift - that never worked ! I am SO dissappointed ! I was looking forward to my son playing this and learning ... . It is a piece of garbage !!!!!!!!!! Unfortunately , the boxes were all burned XMAS morning - and I fear I am stuck with this ! The pages stick on all 3 cartridges , I tried changing the batteries -LRB- wishful thinking -RRB- , Nothing !!!!! Matel is on my S ** T list this XMas - also purchased Mission Select Rescue Heroes - Billy Blazes says he is Matt Medic and Matt thinks he 's Billy ! Boy is Mattel gon na hear from me !!!!!!!!!! Angry in Connecticut !
 My daughter loved this toy and after it did not advance to the next page then went crazy I took it back and exchanged it . Same thing happened ... I was really disapointed because my daughter loved it .
 I agree with some other reviewers , very poor quality . It was a favorite of my daughters so I also bought one for my niece . My daughters lasted only 4 months and my nieces about 9 months . We took very good care of it and yet the screen would not advance . I 'm unhappy with this product .
 I want to add my two cents to the unsatisfactory reviews . I was really excited about this toy , as my 2-year old daughter really loves music , singing , Elmo etc. . I would , however , give it a zero rating if I could , because we could n't even use it . I read the reviews and figured the odds would be with us regarding its performance , but I was wrong ! The screen is very dark -LRB- why ?? -RRB- , with those annoying dots of light behind , and it would n't advance properly as soon as we began playing . Hopefully , FP will get the hint and pull this toy until it can be revamped . 30 days refund policy or no , I will be getting my money back for the toy and the two extra cartridges
 This is a favorite toy among my children ages 2-6 . I thought it would be a great toy to bring in the car so they could play with it while waiting . BAD idea , it is so loud , I can barely hear anything else . Otherwise , it 's very durable -LRB- we have 7 children -RRB- , it 's lasted through being dropped , stepped on , fought over , etc. . I put a pc of tape over the speaker , which has helped a little , but now the younger one ca n't play with it -LRB- she eats the tape -RRB- .
 We thought this would be a great learning tool for our daughter , plus she loves music . This is very hard to see . The colors are very dull , so it is hard to tell which color it is for a toddler . The songs are cute , but the whole toy needs re-evaluated .
 My son got this for his second birthday last month . Within a week , it broke . The microphone did not work and the screens would not advance . I took it back and exchanged it for another one . Again , within a week that one broke . My son really loved playing with this when it worked , so I exchanged that one and got a third one . Within four days that one broke !!! My son does not play rough with his toys and I ca n't believe that Fisher Price would make something that ca n't stand up to a toddler . I usually love Fisher Price toys , but I am very disappointed in this product . I would not recommend it . We purchased the Fisher Price Power Touch learning system for our son for Christmas and I really hope that it 's more durable than this .
 I am a big fan of educational toys but I believe there are much better ones on the market . This toy is loud and obnoxious . I agree with the reviewer who felt the screen was dark . I also feel that it is hard to manipulate . Also , the quality is not what I would expect from fisher-price . Even after a battery change , the screen refused to advance . Returned to the store within days .
 How can Fisher Price teach shapes and colors when you cant see the screen ? It is so dark ... NOTHING like all the brightly lit screens on the box and in ads . I feel scammed with deceptive advertising . Unfortunately , The system and cartridges were given by different people and I can not return . My 2 year old loves the music -LRB- when volume is on LOW -RRB- so thats the only thing we can use it for . Shame on Fisher Price !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I gave this toy 5 stars as far as how fun it is and it 's educational value , but after about three weeks the toy stopped working properly . The loudness and the dark screen did n't deter my daughter from playing with it when she got it shortly before her 2nd birthday , but after three weeks of what I consider gentle play the pages stuck and would not move . I changed the batteries but that did n't resolve the problem , and she got so frustrated and was begging me to fix it . Well we got a replacement and the same thing happened . I would buy it again because she loves it so much and still uses the microphone and sings the songs , but for long term play do n't count on this toy . For those reviews that say the toy was extremely durable I would love to know where you got yours from so that I can purchase one from there and hopefully get better results .
 We bought this for our 20 month old for Christmas . As a mother of 2 , I know how disappointing it is to have a toy that does n't work on Christmas morning . I always check all the toys as soon as I buy them . The first one that I bought worked in the store , but as soon as I got it home to make sure it was ok it stopped working . I returned that one and picked up the last one in the store . When I got home that one did n't work either . I change the batteries twice and still nothing . I wish I would have read the reviews before having to return this toy twice . I 'm very disappointed in Fisher Price for the lack of quality in this toy .
 I LOVED this toy in theory but now that it is home and does n't work it was a HUGE waste of money . Let alone all the time spent on the phone with FP and back at the store trying to get it to work . It is affectionately called the `` mommy melt down toy '' by my husband because that 's what it always causes !!! You 'd think FP would help , they were actually quite snotty about the whole thing and if used `` properly '' it would last . HA ! I just was at our local Toys R us and even the display is broken there ! Wish it would have been broken before I bought it . This toy deserves NO STARS but I ca n't figure out how to do that !
 Great idea for a toddler toy but the microphone breaks or cracks when trying to work . We use the volume but it still seems loud . This toy need improvements because it 's another cute toy !
 This is the biggest waste of money I have spent since we had our 17 month old ! The microphone does not work after the first day , and the cartriges do n't advance properly ... So my son is learning about the color yellow as Joe from Blue 's Clues speaks , but my son is looking at the `` BLUE '' page!I am truly disappointed , and I would not recommend to anyone this toy.It is a wonderful concept , and very easy for a little one to use ... But you would think Fisher Price would have done a little more durability testing with it BEFORE they put it on the market !
 My 18 month old daughter loved this toy soooo much in the store that I just had to buy it for her . I also picked up two extra cartridges for it . I thought the price was a little high , but for such a great toy I felt that it was worth it . Well , we got it home and she loved it ! We played with it together -LRB- at all times , other times it was put up -RRB- and had so much fun with it ... until 3 days after buying it when it stopped working . We did n't have any trouble with the microphone , but the pages would stick on every single cartridge . I changed the batteries , thinking that we probably just played with it too much , but that did n't help . I ended up taking it back to our Toys ` R ' Us and exchanging everything for another . Okay , second toy worked really well for about 3 wks , then not only did the pages start sticking but the microphone started cutting out as well !! There was NO REASON for this ! My daughter never threw it , stepped on it , hit it , etc. . I took it back AGAIN -LRB- thank goodness for saving boxes and receipts !! The 3rd one worked a bit longer , almost 2 months , and then the same things started happening again . After putting new batteries in the 3rd toy and having the problems continue , I finally had my partner try to fix it himself ! We ended up getting so fed up with this toy that we threw it , along with ALL THREE cartridges , in the trash . BIG , BIG , BIG waste of money !! I am extremely disappointed !
 Received this toy as a birthday gift for my 2 year old . After only a few weeks -LRB- and not constant use/abuse -RRB- it broke . Either the slides would keep moving or they would studder and stop in the middle of 2 slides . Also read a report on the toy safety website -LRB- toysafety.net -RRB- that warned this toy could cause hearing damage because of the noise level and how close the child has to be to use the microphone . Anyway ... this toy was returned for something else .
 I bought this toy locally for 49.99 CAD , and what a waste of money . The screen is so dark that the different colours on the Blue 's Clues cartridge are completely indistinguishable.Also , I find it very loud even on the low volume setting . I also feel deceived by the bright colourful packaging , and the website demo is equally misleading .
 I think the concept is great . My son -LRB- 3 -RRB- likes it . However , this toy is LOUD with no volume adjustment . This may be good for a play environment with lots of background noise -LRB- like jet engines , jackhammers , etc. -RRB- The screen is DARK and produces a horrible glare when used in a normally lit room . It 's a good toy , but it needs improvements .
 I purchased this toy for my 2 year old this Christmas . I returned the first one that I bought because the pages would not advance . This happened before I even took the toy out of the package . I thought that one might have been a `` lemon '' . After playing with the new one for only an hour , the same thing happened . I also thought that there was something wrong with the lighting , but also discovered that the toy is just really dim.It is sad because my son really likes the toy and we also purchased two additional cartridges to go with it . I am hoping that Fisher Price will find a way to better this toy and offer a new and improved toy to those kids how are now attached to the disfunctional ones .
 Uggh ! I saw this at -LRB- ... -RRB- while shopping with my son and he loved pushing on the buttons so I bought it.When I got home , my mom and I looked at it more closely and found that it is a terrible toy ! Why ? You ca n't see the screen ! It is VERY VERY dim . It gave my a headache looking at it . The colors are difficult to distinguish , I think we kept getting orange and red mixed up because they looked the same.Basically , this toy is too expensive and difficult to use . Buy a cheaper to with buttons and noise , do n't buy this . I love the idea of this toy , but will wait a year or two until Fisherprice comes out with an improved version -LRB- which I 'm sure will happen when the technology gets better . -RRB- Hope that helps !
 I think this toy is a wonderful concept , but on the first day that we bought it , it was malfunctioning . Like other reviewers have stated , the screen did not match up with the sounds . Also I did not care for the picture quality on the screen . The lights in the back ground made it difficult for my child to see the pictures . I bought the Dora cartridge , and my two year old showed very little interest , which is strange because she normally loves anything with Dora . I am returning this toy , and the two extra cartridges that go with it , and I would n't recommend it to anybody .
 Unfortunately this toy did not meet my expectations . I bought it for my two year old for Christmas . Within a few hours , the screen did not advance properly and the page did not match up with the narration . It was difficult for my son to understand when to advance a page and what exactly he was supposed to do next . Even with my help he became disinterested quickly . I will be returning this product and replacing it with something similar . I thought because of the music factor this would be more fun for him than some of the other brands , but it turns out it was just a waste of money .
 This is a total piece of junk . Me and my wife bought this toy for my son for xmas but the toy has already broken and it is only 2 days old . I wish I had read the reviews before I had bought . The problem with the toy I think , is that the gears inside are cheap plastic that wear out fast and allow the toy to not advance as it should which makes the speak and games mis align with the correct screen . either way I love fisher price toys but this one is a big upset and a waste of money . DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK . It would be quicker to flush the money in the toilet than to buy this toy .
 Do n't waste the -LSB- money -RSB- on this toy . I would not have minded spending the money if only the toy would work properly . I bought the first one which both my kids loved . They got a kick out of singing along and the microphone was the best part . I got lucky , my microphone worked for about a month . When it broke , I took it back and exchanged it for another one hoping it was just a fluke . Now the microphone on the second one is broken after only 2 weeks ! I have given up and decided to go with a karaoke machine instead .
 I had seen the ads for this toy and rushed out to buy it for my 25 mos old daughter.What a dissapointment . First off . . this toy is very LOUD ! And there is no volume control . Second . . the screen is very dark and it is hard to make out the images . Third . . we have the Elmo cartridge and it is very hard to make out the sounds and understand what they are singing or saying because of their voices -LRB- in character -RRB- . I would not recommend this for anyone . It is a big disappointment !
 Learn through music was a total hit with my daughter . she loved it so much that we bought every cartridge that went with it . After a couple of trips in the car , the screen became stuck on spot . It was like an invisible finger was constantly pushing one area . We loved the toy so much we bought another one and just thought we would be extra careful with it . No such luck . The next one just stopped working period -LRB- it would n't advance through the story-new batteries and all -RRB- . I would buy yet another one if I thought it would last but I doubt it . Its a great idea but its no good if it wo n't work !!
 I bought this toy for my 2 1/2 year old and returned it the next day . The screen is too dark to see . For the amount of money you pay for it and all the video games and high def . stuff out there , you would think they could make the screen so you could see it . Did not like it at all .
 My daughter who is 2 just recieved Learn through Music for christmas 3 days ago , and the thing already broke . The pages jam , not wanting to turn and when they do its on the wrong screen with the music . We even tried to change the batteries , but didnt help . We returned it last night at the store , and now I 'm glad that they were out of stock after reading all of the reviews that others had the same problem with 2 of them . We will be returning the cartridges today so we do n't have to deal with it again . Although we are very disapointed , my daugher was looking forward to enjoying this toy for a long time . I thought Fisher-Price stuff was durable . Take my advice . . THINK TWICE before you buy this toy , it will save you the hassle of returning and frustration .
 Online I thought this toy looked fun & educational , so I purchased three of them for numerous kids on my list . All three in the hands of different children broke within 3 months of limited use!This toy is a waste of money !
 My son got this somewhat expensive toy for his birthday . I say expensive because the unit and cartridges add up , especially for a toy I have had to exchange TWICE . The first time the touch screen quit working . The second time it seemed to get stuck in one spot and kept skipping and the screen would only react in the one spot . I called the company and they said this was not a problem they had , had reported by others . They told me they were sending me a label to send it back to them and upon reciept they would send me a new one . What they did n't say was that the label was for tracking purposes only and that I would have to pay to send it back to them . Pretty sorry customer service if you ask me . This is my son 's favorite toy and so this is upsetting to me . While this toy has recieved the normal wear and tear of a two year old it has not been abused in any way that should warrent it not working anymore . I think it is sad this toy was not made durable enough to withstand the age of child it was made for and even sadder that Fisher Price is not willing to stand behind their product .
 I 'm just glad we did n't have to spend our money on this toy . The Sesame Street version was given to my 2yr old as a gift . The pages do n't advance like they are suppose to . She is trying to learn the alphabet starting w/A and it 's on Y. Elmo pops up to sing at all the wrong places . The music is great though and she follows along w/the singing of the alaphabet and sings right into the microphone but as far as the page being in the right place when talking about the letter its not . Main problem is the songs do n't correspond w/what the page is showing . I 've replaced the batteries twice thinking that was the problem but it turns out it 's not .
 This toy is not allowed out of my daughter 's room . It has no volume switch , and it it heinously loud ! There is no volume switch , why ??? I love the educational value . My daughter really loves music and I feel like she could learn a lot from this toy . I would expect for the price it sells for that a volume switch would be standard . What were they thinking ? If I did n't get this for half price at a discount store I would be pissed ! My daughter still plays with it , but it 's got to be my least favorite toy in this whole house !
 This toy would be great if you could see what was going on on the screen . Only little points of light light up on the screen and make it difficult to really engage a child for very long . It just does n't seem to interest my toddler at all . I 'm sorry that I spent the money on it .
 We got this as a gift for christmas . I think that the idea is a great one , learning thru music . My little one loves music . The toy itself is a disappointment . The screen is so dark that you ca n't see anything . There are these balls of lights that flash and it is very distracting . The forward button to turn the screen sticks so I can easily see this toy breaking soon . My 21 month old refuses to play with this toy and we will be returning it ASAP .
 I 'm very disappointed with this toy . It sounded like a great educational toy , but the screen is so dark that it 's difficult to see colors or pick out pictures . The pages also stick sometimes and the cartridges make a really loud noise every time the toy rewinds . I would not recommend it , especially if you 're looking for something educational .
 Just want to let everyone know who can not see this crib in person as I did that it is beautiful , but unless you are VERY VERY tall -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 5 -RRB- you will not be able to reach your baby . This crib has stationary sides which is fine , but even at the highest setting it would be nearly impossible to reach your baby . The only possible way for me to get a baby out of that crib would be by using a step-stool , or taking the baby out on either end of the crib which is just impractical . I have the two matching pieces which are beautiful , and really felt bad that I could n't get the crib , but I knew I would always regret it . I asked the sales people at Babies R Us about this , and they said they get customers questioning them all the time regarding this matter , and that they ca n't understand why it was built this way .
 In our opinion , the highest setting is much too low for a newborn up to 5-6 month infant . The crib is very nice , pretty solid , and not too hard to put together , but it is extremely difficult to pick up/put down my baby , especially without waking her up . I am 5 ' 3 '' , so perhaps it would n't be as difficult as someone who is 5 ' 8 '' , but since the other reviewer has n't tried with a baby I would seriously consider this issue prior to purchasing . I wish we had read the reviews and looked into that more -- we fell mostly for the look and convertibility . I would not have bought it had I known . We purchased it recently and my baby is five months old ... can not imagine how challenging it would have been with a newborn . I am looking into a return ... if not , we 'll have to purchase a step stool for sure , which seems unnecessary considering the purchase price . Wish the salesperson we worked with had advised us of the setup .
 I saw & fell in love with this set at BRU . However , I am 5 ' 1 '' & found it near impossible to reach the mattress at its highest setting without being on my tippytoes at the `` lower '' side of the rail . I ca n't imagine trying to put down a sleeping baby gracefully . Also the height of the front rail should be listed on the site . I just would n't be comfortable ordering this item -LRB- or other stationary sided cribs -RRB- online without trying them first . Very cute set though .
 If you are looking for your own desires ... looks ... . a nice set to look good in your home , it looks nice ... but as far as actually using it ... . The sides are too high , they dont lower to get the baby out , the bumper doesnt attach in the back ... . My baby is now 9 months and it is already chipping on the sides ... . I planned on this being the crib I pass down from one kid to the next , but i dont think that will be the case ... And the whole mobile thing ... . it is nothing that helps to caring for your new baby but add stress ... . I am going to sell mine and look into a new one ... . I really dont recommend it at all.Well please take this all into consideration before buying this crib .
 My daughter has wanted this hair streaker for 2 years , she got this as a Christmas gift and it was a BIG disappointment!The hair wand is very cheap it is hard to open and close , you have to squeeze the goopy hair dye from the tube onto a TINY sponge in the wand.Don ' t put too much on because then it gets all over the wand.The dye does not dry we had blue dye everywhere ... It was all over her clothing , face and hands , carpet and it does not come out !!! Do n't waste your money , this is a poor design !
 The puzzle is great and fun to do but the website does not give you a complete list of the superstitions -- there is a gray box covering the bottom half . I reached out to the company but have yet to get a reply . It has been over a week ... very disappointing .
 The puzzle itself is great - great pictures and colors and fun and enjoyable to complete ... IF I could complete it !! There are TWO pieces missing ! I called the vendor selling these on amazon , who said they could n't do anything and I should contact amazon . I contacted amazon , who said the only thing they could do is give me a refund ... if I break up the entire puzzle and send it back to them first . They would not send me the missing pieces nor would they send me a new puzzle so I could pull out the missing two pieces . Frustrating !!
 So this was a super fun puzzle to work on . I loved all the different stories and collecting pieces of all the different characters . Seems well made and the pieces interlock well.However , when we finished , we were missing a piece !! And we do n't have any kids or pets to loose the pieces . It 's pretty discouraging to `` finish '' a puzzle but not really be `` finished '' . And I can assure you that I will never do this puzzle again knowing it is missing a piece . Quite a bummer ...
 This toy is probably the single most annoying toy my son has owned . It is so loud , and there is no way to cover a speaker with tape to muffle the sound . Even worse , the toy keeps imploring `` press the little bear button to play with me '' long after my kid has moved on . I did appreciate it teaching animal sounds , names , and colors , but it was too obnoxious to keep in the house for my younger daughter .
 This is a bells and whistles toy , that is totally worthless without its batteries . While it does have the redeeming factor of a bilingual presentation of animals and numbers , it is a big dud . The kids do like it , and push the buttons , but they mostly use the button for lights and music . If you want to train your child into an entertainment junkie with a very short attention span , this toy would be a good start . But then that is my opinion on most battery operated toys .
 My 4 year old was pretty excited when we opened the package , put in the batteries and got started . He had so much fun aiming the bubbles at the dog and watching her try to catch them . A half hour later the button to turn it on got stuck , we could n't turn it off ! I stuck a plastic army man in the fan to stop the darn thing . I told the now sad little boy that I would see if I could fix it . I opened the battery compartment to remove the batteries to cut the power so I could maybe un-stick the power button , but to my surprise I found the stuck button was not the only problem ! The entire battery compartment was full of the bubble solution . We have purchased bubble machines , bubble guns etc. and none have lasted more than a couple days . We are going back to just blowing our bubbles the old fashioned way .
 Amazon wo n't let you rate something * NO STARS * which is what this product deserves.This is an absolute piece of crap . Got here in good time , thanks to Amazon for that , but the product itself ... well first off it does n't work . I did get the fan to run on it for just a moment or two but it was n't strong enough to blow any bubbles . Changed the batteries , checked the batteries - batteries were good . It does not come with batteries so you need to install your own . The batteries were new ... fresh , had not been used before . The fan just would not run . I was thinking that perhaps the first time the batteries were weak and that caused the fan not to run fast enough to make bubbles , but then the fan just plain stopped working . No child 's hand even got to ` touch ' the thing . It just never really got going ... SO basically the one that I received
 These clips are smaller and thinner than what came with my Traxxas 1/10th scale Slash . Depending on your intended use , consider the larger body clips .
 they are n't as durable as i was hoping after using them for 3 days i had to replace them with four more because they bent and wouldnt stay
 just use some hairpins . they hold it just as tight and u can find them in the house ! this is not worth the 4 dollars and at the hobby store u can get for cheap !
 Go to a hobby parts store . 10 for $ 1 and theyre the same thing . Dont buy these save your money and go to a hobby store .
 My seven year old son thought this fish tank was the coolest thing he had ever seen . And it really was , with the awesome coral formations and various undersea creatures , and of course the floating sharks . And it lights up , which makes it even cooler . BUT , when we put water in it , it leaked all over the counter . So , with heavy heart , I packed it up and sent it back . I did n't dare to order a replacement tank , thinking it might do the same thing . Instead , we went to the pet store , and spent many more dollars for a 10 gallon tank , light , filter , heater , coral reef decorations , SCUBA diver , plastic plants , gravel ... . Oh , and of course , the fish , still a work in progress .
 Shark Reef , Uncle Milton , or Discovery Kids , it appears to be the same tank with the same deadly outcome for the fish . We followed the setup directions and within 48 hours had two near-dead goldfish . Moved them to a small glass bowl , where they quickly recovered . Flushed and cleaned the shark tank , ran it without fish for a while , changed the water a few times in hopes that it would rinse away any contaminants . Returned the goldfish to the shark tank , and they were again near death overnight . Water tests good for ammonia , pH , etc. , would like to know what exactly is killing so many fish in these tanks .
 We purchased this for my son last Christmas to upgrade from his simple one gallon Beta tank which we had great success with . It 's a cool idea , but we 've been disappointed with it and will likely replace it before too long.The problems we 've had : * Batteries are difficult to change and seem to run down quickly even though we try not to leave the lights on much . * Even with fresh batteries , the lights are not very bright . * The air bubblers have fouled over quickly * The sharks no longer float although they 've been thoroughly scrubbed to make sure they have no growth on them . * And last but not least , we can not keep fish alive . We have two large tanks in the house as well as two other beta tanks . We are familiar with fish . We 've tried Bettas , molly 's , and guppies .
 There 's another listing for this product with 9 reviews , all saying the aquarium kills fish , and yes it does . We conditioned the water and tested for chlorine , ph , alkalinity , hardness , nitrate and nitrite , all tests were fine . Within a few hours the fish were swimming upside down , after a day they were lying on their sides gasping at the bottom of the tank . I read the Amazon reviews in the nick of time and scooped them out and they 're recovering nicely in a $ 2 bowl . We rinsed out the tank quite well before using it , so there may be some machine oil or something that leaches from the numerous and varied plastic parts . If you care about fish and you care about your children 's reactions , do not buy this tank .
 First of all , this is not the suppliers fault . It was my mistake . For Moms that are trying to order these practice pants , your son will probably not wear them . You would have to wear white compression shorts underneath . If they do n't , their boxers will be a peek-a-boo moment . I was unaware you can see through these pants . I will try ordering the heavyweight ones . Thank you though , for offering the variety you do .
 THey show three tubes , you only receive one . So for $ 6.00 it is not worth it . Tried to contact company with on results .
 Bought two of these to take to las vegas for the lazy rivers . Did not open until already there . The one worked out well and the other one had a hole straight out of the package . Did not contact the supplier im sure they would have replaced it but we were already on our trip and not worth the effort . I would not recommend this product
 Note that this product only includs one ring , not 3 as is pictured . At the time of my purchase , the price was about triple what other retailers were selling for , but since they pictured 3 rings -LRB- which is the number of tubes I needed -RRB- , it seemed rational . I felt deceived when I only received one.Then , within the first hour of use by my daughter , a seam in the tube broke . Now I need to replace it again . This purchase was a total waste . Would strongly recommend * NOT * buying this product .
 I had high hopes for this thing but it 's cheaply made , it 's noisy -LRB- at least in the office cube -RRB- , and worst of all it does n't accelerate the top well . I 've used it 3 times and that 's it . Not recommended . Better off just spinning the thing yourself ...
 I had high hopes for this gizmo because spinning the top for the Levitron is a pain in the neck and takes away from the fun of using it . Unfortunately , this unit only increases frustration . I tied it with the battery that came with it and then tried it with a fresh battery . I also tried putting as little pressure as possible as the previous reviewer suggested . It still was n't fast enough . Even if I somehow got super fresh batteries and was able to squeeze enough juice to get the top up to the required speed , I ca n't see this thing every doing a respectable job of spinning the top . Do n't waste your money on this one ...
 Good item , however the size is n't right for my device -LRB- for my levitation top -RRB- . It would be much better if seller describe item more accurate . Valery .
 I have order this regardless of seeing all the bad review before me . I though , I 'm special and can make this work but it 's not true.It does n't work . It never work . and It will not work . Does n't matter how new the battery is period!Complete garbage .
 This product is JUNK!It is reccomended for ages 36 months to 4 yrs ----- my son will be 4 in just 2 months -- just right , right ? -- WRONG !!!!! The voice function to sound like yourself crapped out in less than 24 hours , and the microphone stopped functioning all together on the third day !!!!!!!
 very poor quality for the price . could not understand any recordings using the `` effects '' buttons . the microphone cord does n't look like it will last long . i returned all three that i bought .
 I found this toy to be very hard to turn on and off . You have to push a small button and hold it for three seconds . My grandson is one and seems to want a nearly immediate response for his efforts . Once I turned it on and tried everything once , I was bored . I can not imagine this holding the attention of any child . The best thing is a lizard that giggles , but even that is difficult to make work . You have to squeeze it just right and squeeze it very hard . I would not recommend buying this sight unseen .
 I bought this toy in preparation for a 25 hour trip over the holidays , with my 17-month old . A couple of the reviews I had read prior to purchasing this toy , said that it was more appropriate for a toddler . Uh , no . She looked at it for about 2 minutes and was done . She never regained interest . The steering wheel is NOT too hard to turn as noted in other reviews . The toy is soft and cute , but definitely more suitable for an infant/baby under the age of one .
 Better for toddlers . The button is very ard to turn on for an adult .
 The collapsible blue door on the lower level can never stay up on its own . Once you put it up , it will stay but once you try to add the villain to the door so that you can try to knock it down , the door just collapses . This easily frustrates my son since he has a hard time if ever getting the doors to stay in place so that he can put the bad guy on there.Also , trying to knock down the bad guy or even having Batman attach to one of the magnets is hit or miss and you probably would never get Batman to attach to any of the magnets two or three times in a row.Besides those two points , I 'd appreciate at least a little booklet telling me what goes where . There is one plastic piece that I have no idea where it goes . Just by looking at the picture , I do not even see this piece pictured , therefore I 've left it out of the set for now . All in all , this will easily frustrate a child if the child is unable to get the doors to stay up . What 's the point of making something so fragile ?
 My daughter was excited about this toy but it is soooo slow on the computer that she quickly got bored and moved onto something else . I took it up just to see if she was doing something wrong but it was slow with me too . I takes forever to load and all the graphics do n't show . What a mess . Not what we expected !
 I purchased these much-desired dolls for my 2 daughters 2 Christmasses ago only to discover after a few plays online that they were VERY disappointed in the online interaction -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- compared to the other online toys they play with -LRB- WebKinz , BuildABear , Littlest Pet Shop , EPets , etc. . . -RRB- . I was very annoyed & angry that I had gotten them a toy -LRB- that was NOT cheap by any means ! -RRB- that they had so looked forward to and were so disappointed in.If your child just wants the doll for the doll itself , great . However , if she 's looking for the fun interactive play online , SKIP IT ! Get her/him a Webkinz or Build A Bear -LRB- GREAT site -RRB- instead !
 Santa brought this for my daughter this year and unfortunately it does not work . When the USB device is plugged into the computer a web browser is opened and directed to a `` page not found '' error . I tried it on several computers using Firefox and IE to no avail . After some research it seems we 're not the only one having this issue . It 's sad to think how many children will be getting this for Christmas only to find out that it does n't work .
 My daughters are of the age where they 're spending time on the computer , exploring the internet -LRB- supervised , of course -RRB- , and are into all things computery and video-gamey . We are a family of Mac users , and have been since 1984 . I want my kids to be computer `` bi-lingual '' ; they have access to PCs and Windoze at school . That being said , my daughters ' birthdays are coming up , and I thought for sure they 'd love to have this product.Unfortunately , it is n't compatible with Mac , so that means neither sets of grandparents can buy it as well as us , and other relatives . So `` thumbs down '' to MGA for being so discriminating against Mac users !
 This toy is supposed to be attached to the bar on the stroller in front of the child , versus the handle of the car seat carrier . I tried to attach it to the front of my Chico Cortina Travel System Stroller and the straps were at least and inch too short , maybe more . The instructions say not to add any additional length to the straps , so I had to return it .
 My two month old loves to be rocked to sleep . My husband and I saw the Deluxe Comfort Sway Lounger at Babies R Us and decided to give it a try . Well , turns out it is soooo loud when it `` sways '' back and forth that she could n't fall asleep in it and she just cries . The noise when it moves or vibrates is louder that the music it plays . I was not very happy by that and neither was my daughter .
 I do n't usually write a lot of reviews for the products I use , but I was SO disappointed by this , I felt like I should in this case . I bought this on a whim at Babies R Us , thinking it looked cute and comfortable , but I will be returning it tomorrow morning.First of all , the instructions for putting this together are useless . I read the instructions , and then basically had to look at the picture on the box to put it together . They may as well have not even included the instructions ... It took me 1 hour and a half to put it together.Second , I do n't know that you can actually call the swaying motion , `` rocking '' . I do n't know that I would even consider it swaying . It 's WAY too slow , my son would not sleep in it . The motion was not enough to get him to sleep.Third , the package says up to 20 lbs . My son is 3 months old , and not anywhere near 20 lbs , but the product is not wide enough for him . He tends to move his arms around a lot , and the edges of the cradle are metal bars . Not a good combination.The product is cute , and a good concept , but definitely not worth the trouble . The only reason I gave it two stars is because I think if I had bought this product when my son was only a couple of weeks old , and not quite as active , it would have been great . Of course , I only would have been able to use it for a month or so ... overall , not a great product .
 Yes , I know this little bed looks so adorable . You can just vision your little angel sleeping soundly in it . But I guarantee will hardly use this piece of crap ! For one thing it 's a pain to put together . And even then it 's cheeply made . It is very bulky , does not fold for storage and believe me after a while it becomes an eyesore in the corner of the room . It does n't even rock smoothly ! I thought it would rock on it 's own with a motor or something , well it does n't . And when you get your hands off of it it immediately stops rocking . Another thing , when I bought it my son was a few months old , way below the weight limit , but I could see that in the chair he almost touched the ground in the sling . There was no way he could have used that chair much longer . I 'm not done yet , the metal rods used to hold the sling up arent ' wide enough . For example my baby would fling his arms wildly and hit his little arms against it and cry because he hurt himself . Not only that but it 's boring . My son would n't stay in it . I was so disappointed with this chair . It went back to the store a few weeks later .
 I purchased this because Babies R us was out of the Fisher Price soothing glider and I thought this would be the same but boy was I wrong . I ended up having to exchangePro ` sIt 's cuteConsLaud and noisyDifficult to assembleJerky when it rocksAwkward to moveTricky to turn off and onIt was just a waste no wonder they marked them down , trust me it 's not worth it
 This cradle is cute and soft , it rocks electronically , has a mobile -LRB- which doesnt move , and is too high for babies to see it well anyway , so I am not sure if its there for the parents or the babies -RRB- . It vibrates and plays music and a few different sounds . Well the music and sounds are SUPER loud even on low . -LRB- there are two settings . . loud and louder -RRB- . The rocking action is also very loud ... kind of sound like the cradle which will fall from the tree . No joke . It will take you 3 hours probably to put it together , and its not fun ... Its VERY large and bulky . It will give out on you at a max of 2 weeks of usage ... about 1-2 battery changes . The vibrating and the rocking you love so much will be gone . Anything like this chair which is by the same company `` safety first '' will quit also . We exchanged the bouncy rocking chair for this rocking cradle which does pretty much the same thing . And guess what ? After 1-2 battery changes , the product quits working . I think that is high time that baby companies stopped making shotty products and selling them for the price of an arm or a leg . I have twin boys and I spend wayyyy too much time taking back broken crappy toys which cost me a fortune and hours to put together . Everything that I have purchased or other people have paid good money to purchase for us as gifts
 I would never recommend buying this product . For one , this item has the most ridiculous directions for set up . After spending hours putting it together it was worthless . It does nothing . It takes so long to rock side to side that I would not even call it a rocking motion . I immediately returned it after purchase . The only good thing is the vibrating movement , but I already had a chair that vibrated so that did nothing new for me or baby .
 I have been tending to my seeds for over three months , following the instructions carefully -LRB- rainwater or distilled water only -- no tap or spring water -RRB- and so far , nothing has sprouted from the domed egg-shaped container . All my other plants , which I began germinating the same time , have grown and flowered beautifully . But this venus fly trap is stubborn . It will not grow.The package looked enticing and I bought into it . There were only 3 seeds in my pack -LRB- even though the kit claims that 4-5 would be included -RRB- . They were very tiny black dots similar to poppy seeds , but much smaller and more oval . I had to make sure my hands were completely dry before handling these to prevent `` sticking '' and so they could be dropped easily into the soil.But alas , after much waiting , watching and hoping , nothing has grown . For anyone thinking about buying this , you 're better off buying a plant that 's already grown .
 When you get this tiny terrarium smaller than the size of an egg , you will be alarmed at the complicated instuctions and the hope to see nothing even begin to sprout for 4 or 5 months . Additionally shocking was only receiving 4 seeds barely larger than a grain of sand ... pretty hard to plant what you can barely see . We followed all instructions and after 4 months one plant started to sprout . It looked like a strand of grass . It continued to grow and I kept waiting for it to resemble a venus flytrap . Finally after 3 to 4 weeks I do a little research on the computer and discover that sprouting flytraps look nothing like this ... so I do n't know what it is that is growing in the micro terrarium , but it sure is n't a venus flytrap . Anyway , this item was inexpensive , but still a total waste and a total letdown after months of patiently waiting .
 This car was much smaller than expected and fell a part quite fast . Definitely would not recommend this to anyone .
 The game did n't work when we received it and calling customer support did get us a new one . It 's all plastic , really easy to break . There 's a switch that counts clicks when you turn the board . Some chip in there keeps track and our ` chip ' was bad according to customer support . If your kids will use it for one or two times , then you should be fine . We got a replacement and it worked for a day .
 I was at a friends house and started to play this game , they eliminated the million dollar case except me . I chose it when it was my time to play and I always chose the '' No deal '' option . Seemed to work fine the whole time except when the only 2 cases left were the 750k case and my 1 million dollar case . then somehow it was non responsive , I tried everything to make it work but after 20 minutes of trying I got bored and took the deal to see if it was still working . What a surprise ... It did . What a scam I would n't want to buy this game for myself
 OK game , thought it was too expensive.Like the TV show , it takes too long , and you get tired of the same thing sooner rather than later .
 This toy is cheaply made and is not worth the price . I would n't take another one for free . My kids lost interest in this `` glider '' almost immediately . The head broke partially off about as fast .
 Ordered item , received item , no light on item , can not see to play , sent 2 emails , seller responded will send another , they sent another , it did n't work either , sent email , they have not responded , I sent email and told them they need to check out item to see if any of them worked , have not gotten a response from them so here I sit with 2 that do n't work . Oh well ! Wo n't be a next time .
 Absolutely misleading description ! You turn the game on and CAN NOT SEE ANYTHING ! I thought i got a broken unit , went to Target got another one , returned the one I had and the new one was the same ! Different buttons do n't function properly on different units , on the first one the DEAL button would not respond . The second one pretty much as soon as I turned on and saw no light on the so-called LCD screen I new the hand-held game is a waste . And what a hassel to return to Amazon ! Besides DO N'T BUY THIS GAME , DO N'T ORDER ON AMAZON . I got another game Tetris and that one just came broken , still trying to return it . IT 'S A `` NO DEAL '' ON THE DEAL !
 After purchasing this item on Amazon i was very disappointed with is proformance . For some reason i had to replace the batteries after a week of use . I used brand new Energizers so i know it was n't my fault for buying cheap batteries . My 3 month old daughter for some reason did n't respond or play with this item . Mayber she is too young to understand or be distracted with this toy ... honestly i have mixed feeling about this item because of its price .
 We bought this for our infant carrier and it hangs very low and close to our baby 's face . The clip also slips and does not hold on tightly to the bar , and the velcro is not secure enough to rely on alone.We also thought it would be good to hang on our pack n ' play , but it is too heavy to clip on anything . We returned it and found that just hanging little animals on the bar are better than swinging a heavy mobile an inch or two from her face !
 Who on earth would design something so heavy to clip and swing just inches from an infant 's face in a moving vehicle ? It makes me angry that toys like this ever make it to market .
 This is very cute but the music does n't work . It works as soon as you get it and then turn it off , when it goes back on the music does n't work anymore . This is the second one I 've received and the same thing happens . Too bad because my baby really loved it . Very frustrating !
 When I saw this product on line I thought it would be great for my son 's stroller . He loves to look up and watch mobiles . When I received this product , I realized it was VERY heavy . When I attached it to the stroller it was basically laying on him . I did not use this product at all !
 I registered for this product and received it at my baby shower . I would not recommend it at all - I could never get it to clip to anything - the stroller , the bucket seat , over the bassinet , etc. . And in order for the music to play you had to hit the mobile hard , much harder than my daughter could ever do . After a month or so of trying to get her to take interest in it -LRB- which she never did -RRB- , I threw it in the back of my closet .
 While this was cute , I could n't get it to clip onto anything and if I was able to , it often sprung off ... I did take the animals off and attached them directly to my daughter 's stroller . I would not recommend spending the money on this .
 I bought this to clip onto our sons carseat for the road trips we take so that he would have something to look at . First of all it wasnt green and blue like it said , it was pink purple and yellow . The arch would not stay clipped on and the tiniest bump would send it flying into our sons face . The turtle `` sings '' which is cute but it plays the same 10 second clip every time it hardly swings which can get annoying after a 9 hour trip ! The only good thing was that my son really liked the toys hanging from it and we were able to take them off the arch and hang them onto his carseat with some colored rings that we got from Walmart . Overall we were really disappointed with this .
 Fun while it lasted . After using it a couple of times the graphics went crazy and we ca n't play it any more , a real rip off ! I would give it minus stars if possible for durability !!!
 the toy was okay . its really hard to use . no child will be able to use this because it requires a lot of force to unload the cartridge . it broke on me the second day when my friend was playing . he shot too fast , and it snapped a nerf thing in half.however , if you 're careful and strong enough to use it , i 'm pretty sure its tonnes of fun . however , maybe i 'm just not right for this.However , the company/person that shipped the toy was really really good . it arrived really soon in perfect condition . the problem i had was with the product and not the seller .
 NEVER EVER GET THIS gun.con 's : uses shells -LRB- very impractical -RRB- , not durible at all -LRB- fell apart in my hands after 10 shots -RRB- , its yellow , orange and green , shoots about 10 feet if it does shoot which it does 1 in every 10 shots.pro 's : could n't find any pro 's . so i hope you never ever get this gun .
 A friend of mine recently introduced me to this dart gun that he got from here . I was immediately impressed by it and came to buy my own . I saw this deal between march 14th and may 14th , and figured it would be here a while . But when I came to order it the next day , it was listed as unavailable . I am now coming on 2 weeks waiting .
 Do n't purchase this online walmart carries them and they are only 9.99 , such a big price not worth it , for that matter do n't buy any of the `` rare '' ones like the grenade for 75 bucks also not worth the money when you can buy them at `` lower quality '' stores such as walmart , shopko , and random general name stores .
 My son received this gun for Christmas . All but three darts were ruined by either the loading mechanism or the air pressure during the first day of use -LRB- chopped/broken shafts or blown out near the rubber cap -RRB- . I have emailed BuzzBee on several occasions and had absolutely no response . I would not purchase this or any other BuzzBee product - I will be spending the extra money for higher quality NERF products in the future .
 Save your money and buy the Buzz Bee Double Shot Rifle , it looks like a double barrel shotgun and works great with Nerf Whistlers . The so called `` Rapid Fire '' Western Rifle ca n't even shoot the first dart out ! When it does the dart just flops out instead of actually firing . It 's pretty disappointing and will get you killed in a `` Foam War ! '' You 'll thank me later !
 I 'm a 26 year old software engineer , that enjoys the occasional office nerf war . . and owns several nerf brand and other similar toys . I play with them daily.Just the other week , I bought the double barrelled shotgun buzzbee ruff stuff blaster for $ 7 . . and decided that given the decent value and pretty darn good performance it offered me , I would get the $ 15 rapid fire rifle unit as well.Well , it sucks .1 -RRB- It jams . . with a frequency that borders on humor .2 -RRB- Its flimsy in the parts that matter -LRB- the trigger and arming assembly -RRB- and rock-freking-solid -LRB- barely able to function -RRB- when it comes to the magazine . . nearly impossible to take out without breaking/scratching something .3 -RRB- It rips darts as it tries to ready the next round into the chamber . . even if it does n't jam ... 4 -RRB- It cant do the classis terminator gun-chuck to arm it ... its just too flimsy . . and the hand piece HURTS your hand.But , if you can put aside all of that . . It shoots really strong -LRB- when you get a round into the chamber -RRB- and is compatible with the nerf brand darts if you cant seem to find many of the ruff stuff kind .
 Very cheap darts . They broke the first time my son tried to shoot them . The rifle is a cool idea but the dart were poorly made so if they snag at all in the loading process they tear and dont work .
 A couple of my frinds had just bought this gun , and I loved it . It was fun to use and shot very powerfuly . I did n't hesitate to spend $ 30 . When I got it , I knew something was different . It had a blockier shape than my friends ' guns . When I shot it , the dart went to about 15 feet at the most . I tried a different type of darts with the same results . I used a different type of dart , ditto . Then it hit me after it was opened and it was too late to return it
 I have owened and used many Nerf guns and decided to try a Buzzbee gun for once . Biggest mistake of my life.I tried to use this gun but the clip kept jamming . i returned and got two more but both had the same problem . I have to say once I got one to work I was not impressed . If you want a clip gun go with the Nerf Raider or the Nerf Longshot . Even the Maverick is better and it is a pistol for the same price .
 My son desperately wanted a `` real '' rubber chicken . Within a week after giving it to him , it had split along one of the seams . My son does n't mind and still plays with it . I am disappointed that it did n't last longer .
 I know it may sound funny that a `` rubber '' chicken could be broken but when I got mine it sure was . The seems in 3 or 4 places where it was put together were split and there was a cut so large on its leg that it 's leg was barely hanging on . It 's flimsy and lightweight and of poor quality materials.It also costs more to ship then the price of the chicken itself.It it had not been a gift I think I would have been very angry to have spent any money at all on this one.THIS TOY WOULD NOT BE GOOD FOR A DOG ! Even the smallest dog would have this ripped to bits in no time . . It 's just that thin and flimsy .
 The toy looked like so much fun on the internet until my child opened it up and actually started to manuver it it is so difficult even for an adult to change it from a car to the person we have tried for several days nobody could do it it 's such a frustraing toy it has never been used since those few days and we all do not recommend it at all . p.s. . It is very durable it did n't break but it is very much a strain it is impossible to play with sorry !
 This product does not give you enough detail information to let you know that the blocks are n't more that 4 inches and the entire puzzle is approximately a 12x12 block . It 's not what I was hoping for so I was n't happy with it.If the size is what you are looking for , it is good quality .
 i thought this toy was a cheappy it broke as soon as we took it out of the box and now all I learned is NOTHING .
 There are a few things that Zizzle could do for their next version of this pinball machine that would make it perfect for the price . One has been mentioned many times already - the gap is way too wide between the flippers . Especially for a pinball machine for children -LRB- mostly -RRB- , the gap should be much tighter and a bounce-back stub would help a bit . Shots do bounce back into play , but not very often . Also , it is way too easy for the ball to exit on the far left or right side of the table . The other thing is the screaming lack of variety in the sound effects and character comments . You will literally be hearing `` Not so easy , is it Matey ?! '' in your sleep , because the machine says that EVERY SINGLE TIME the ball exits the playing field . And , there is no way to turn this off . The only other thing Zizzle should improve is the flipper performance - occasionally you will hit the flipper button with no response . Beyond these things , I was really impressed with how much the table emulated a real pinball machine . It has regular ball action and decent speed of play . Hopefully they will not give up on this idea , as I would think a mid-priced quality pinball machine would have a lot of interest in the market - if they could just tweak a few things and get it right .
 Scaled down to say the least , the playing field is very limited , bumpers are very weak , the skill shot to open play does not work well . The area between the flippers and the large exit lanes make it difficult to keep the ball in play . You should play this game prior to shelling out the money . I do n't think I would have purchased it if I played it prior to purchasing .
 I have played pinball a lot and this one does n't even come close to the arcade . You can not keep the ball in play very long before it goes through the very wide gutter . My 10 year old played 3 games and just gave up . Save up your money and get something else . This is definitely not worth it . If you buy this one you wo n't be playing it for long .
 The sword was defective . It wont sound when you swing it . I cant send it back because my son would not understand .
 The experience I had with this item , table & chairs , turned out to be a nightmare .
 I bought this for my 5 year old daughter for Christmas . She played the sound game . She always got the answer correct , but 60-70 % of the time the bear still said it was incorrect . The rest of the family tried it and it did the same thing . Therefore , this is not a learning toy and it is no fun . After trying a few times and the bear telling my daughter she was incorrect when she actually was , she decided she hated the thing and did n't ever want to play with it again . I took the thing back to the store and got a refund .
 I have to agree with the first two comments . We went to check it out after my 4 year old saw it on TV and liked it because the bear had glasses just like him . The product seemed decent in the store , so we bought it . He has only played with it once or twice since Christmas . The only time he had fun with it was when I got mad and yelled at the thing because it would n't do what it is supposed to . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND DO N'T BUY THIS JUNK !
 Koby the bear is a good concept if you can get it to work properly . I bought this for my son last Christmas . At the time he was 5 . His little heart was broken when he tried to talk to it and it would not respond properly . I exchanged it for another Koby , and it had the same problem ! The only way we were able to get him to respond properly was to have no background noise , and to speak into his microphone around his collar . But even then it worked 50 % if the time save your money ... it 's not worth buying . Unless , you just want him for his cuteness .
 Although this bear is very cute , with his glasses , my 3 year old son does n't enjoy playing with him in the manner he 's intended to be played with because it 's frustrating . Even my 6 year old son gets fed up of trying to get him to do what he wants . They follow the instructions , wait for him to stop talking , but he still does n't seem to work properly ... and try getting him to be quiet ! Supposedly you can tell him `` Good night Koby '' and he 'll yawn and go to sleep . After trying it a half dozen times , when I walked into my son 's room and found Koby sitting there , talking to himself -LRB- ! -RRB- , I flipped him over and turned him off !
 This company has serios issues with construction ! Bolt in back can break and you might fall backwards while holding your baby !
 This chair is not comfortable at all . The back is very stiff and does not recline easily . The Ottoman is very small and low . The chair too is very small . Overall , I think since the whole idea of having this chair is to relax and fall asleep , the idea is not met at all.I think one should spend a little more and get something comfortable and enjoyable not a compromise .
 I was looking for a less expensive cair and I had read several good reviews on this chair so I went ahead and purchased it . Now I wish I had spent the extra money for a better chair . The other reviews failed to mention that it creaks everytime you rock . If you are n't in just the right , usually uncomfortable , position , the creaking will wake up the baby . I have resorted to using our office chair to rock my son to sleep since this chair just keeps waking him up . Bottom line , if you think you 're getting a good deal , think again .
 Be very careful with this rocker . I found my daughter putting one of the little wood plugs in her mouth when she was about 6 months old . I threw it away and in a few weeks I caught her holding another plug . I removed and threw away all the little wood plugs . I suggest you do the same .
 The rocker looks great . Just ca n't bring myself to pay $ 90.00 for shipping . A bit of gouging going on by this supplier .
 I purchased this chair for my wife to breast feed our 4-month daughter . My wife complained the chair is not wide enough to hold the baby.I put my daughter diaper , wiper , toy , and story books on the chair . It 's the only one function for me . ...
 Well the chair is fine BUT ... The cushions have n't lasted at all . I am about to have my second child and looking to replace all the cushions . I really only used the chair for breast feeding for the first year with my first child and the cushions looked so bad -LRB- sagging/flat -RRB- after that I did n't want to make it apart of my regular living room/den furniture . The ottoman - I tended to put my feet in the same area each time I used it and now the indention is permanent and no longer comfortable to use . Same with the seat cushion it 's no longer comfortable . After looking at prices to replace the cushions -LRB- around $ 200 -RRB- I think it would be a better investment to spend the money on a chair with better cushions . Instead I am looking into making my own replacement cushions . Just make note that if you buy this chair to intend to use for more than a few months the cushions will no longer cushion after ONLY A FEW SHORT MONTHS .
 As a nursing mom , I find the boppy pillow an invaluable resource . I us it almost everytime I nurse . It is especially great for when your baby is a newborn . However , the 5 in 1 concept leaves little to be desired . If I put my baby on the pillow with the toys overhead , she is constantly wiggling until she is off the pillow and no longer under the toys . She needs to lay flat to learn to roll over . Another problem is that everytime I have to nurse her , I have to unhook the overhead gym from the pillow . I wish I would have purchased the plain boppy pillow and a different playmat for my baby .
 i thought this was the best thing since sliced bread ... boy was i wrong ! the only two things this is good for is 1 -RRB- the boppy pillow by itself to help support baby to sit up and 2 -RRB- the toys to play with -LRB- not attached -RRB- . to use this item as a play gym is not a good idea for baby ... they ca n't move anywhere or learn to roll over . they are stuck in the pillow and always in an upright position . i actually disasembled this and only use the pillow and toys and went and bought the fisher price basic play gym -LRB- much cheeper -RRB- that is better for baby to use . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 The boppy part is great for nursing when little , and sitting up when bigger , but the gym part was a total bust . My baby was never into it , even if he was mildly interested in the toys when I took them off . Not worth the money . Buy a plain boppy and a more interesting activity mat .
 I got this as a shower gift , and I do not like it as a play gym because my 3 month old son slides out of it within seconds . I tried using blankets tucked around him to hold him up into the pillow but he always would wiggle his way onto the floor with his head in between the two `` arms '' of the pillow . I ended up buying another playgym where he could lie safely on the floor and kick as much as he wants .
 Just an OK product . I have a few regular boppy pillows , which I love . I did n't find a use for this . It would be way too much work to use this in place of a regular boppy and clip and unclip the top part -LRB- they 're not easy to use -RRB- . We do like the toys which come with it though . Do n't waste your money on this product , nice idea though .
 Very pretty design , looks great but it 's not really practical . Skip the boppy on your registry and get `` MY BREST FRIEND '' -LRB- nursing pillow -RRB- which can be found on the internet if you plan on nursing your baby .
 Two of the fabric tabs attached to this Boppy pulled off , making it impossible to use the arch . Just get a regular Boppy and an activity mat with an arch , you 'll be better off .
 I got this after having a simple Boppy pillow for me to use for my son when I fed him . The original simple boppy was great . I used it all the time to feed him since he ate for the first few months almost hourly -LRB- you moms know what I am talking about -RRB- ... and my poor arms and back would get tired and sore from holding him , plus sometimes I was sooo tired during those 3 , 4 , or 6 a.m. feedings it was great to have something to support his weight for me.Anyways , I then got this Boppy 5-in-1 Gym for him to play with . It was a disaster as every time he played with it the little loops and hooks that held it together would come undone and the whole `` gym '' / toy bars would come crashing down on him . He would get hit in the head or face Every Time ! After several attempts to try to get them to stay and make them safer , I gave up . The boppy part worked great -LRB- after I took the bars off and used it as a second boppy for feeding -RRB- and the toys definitely caught his attention but it kept falling apart and hurting him so the use of it as a 5-in-1 toy/play-thing made it 's purchase a waste . Also , whenever I would use the boppy to prop my baby up -LRB- like the 5-in-1 suggests -RRB- he would just either slide down it with his neck bent in a bad way , roll completely off it , or would get wedged into it wrong . It did not support him as it should of and the scariest thing was when he slid on his stomach -LRB- laying across the boppy propped up -RRB- face down into it and could n't breathe!Since I had such a good experience with the original boppy I thought I 'd be loyal and take this `` bad unit '' back to the store and get it exchanged for a new 5-in-1 -LRB- after all I was still under my 30 days purchased time for store return -RRB- ... perhaps the one I had gotten was defective . I was Soooo wrong . The second Boppy 5-in-1 I bought did the same exact thing . Do your baby a favor and go and get another toy for a play mat and an original boppy for you -LRB- it 'll save you arms and back from the strain during feeding time -RRB- . I got rid of my Boppy 5-in-1 for my baby 's safety ... and I did watch him all the time in it . Imagine what could of happened if I had ever left for even just a momment . It looks very cute -LRB- comes in sooo many patterns -RRB- , and is very inexpensive , but it is not quality safety planning on the company 's part.Incidentaly , I did find a play mat -LRB- very nice cloth one my son loves - - - still and he 's now 3 1/2 -RRB- that has bright colors , baby safe mirror , and toys on it that is very safe that is made by fischer-price for just around $ 20 , and they still sell it . It is a simple looking cloth play mat that baby either sits on or lays on but it is very entertaining and several kids I introduced to it for play over the years still like it deespite getting to be up to 2 or 3 years old . It is also easy to clean ... just throw in the washing machine and hang it up to dry . It is great and I will be using it with the baby I am currently expecting ... and an original , simple boppy for feeding .
 I did not find the boppy pillow to be at all useful as a nursing pillow . We were having latch on trouble and I really needed the support . Baby would slide between me and the pillow . I ended up getting the harder to find ` my brest friend ' nursing pillow , which I could not have done without . THAT pillow is awesome -LRB- it is flat and form fitting with a velcro belt -RRB- . Also as a toy for baby the boppy is too awkward to lay baby in . I ended up attaching the top part to a blanket so she can lie under it . That works okay . I gave it 2 stars instead of one bcuz she ADORES the cloth blue dog rattle that came in the set . And I love it because it 's washable . But that is one expensive rattle !
 I first purchased this pillow for assisting with nursing , but it was too bulky and full for the small baby . We then tried it as a pillow to prop the growing baby up and again it was so high up and bulky that my baby kept slipping off of it and crinking his neck . Needless to say we spent over $ . . for something that remains in the garage now . The only use of the boppy were the toys that were dangling off of it , except the toys were better when apart from the overhang . You are better off with just a plain , large and puffy pillow for nursing and propping the baby .
 I dont breastfeed but I was going to and this worked great for the week I did . But for bottle feeding its too much hassle . And I still havent put him in the play gym part . I keep a cover on it and I think they should put vinyl or something on the back of the cover so it wont go thru to the pillow . . Once you wash the pillow it is basically ruined . And the covers should have a space for the hooks for the play bar to pull through so u dont have to take off a cover everytime your baby wants to play .
 This looked like a great idea and was well reviewed . Now that my baby 's had it for 3 months -LRB- baby is 4.5 months old -RRB- , he has used it a total of 6-12 hours of his life.He really enjoyed it in the beginning , but tired of it quickly -LRB- in the space of 30 minutes over 3 days -RRB- , and because he eats a lot and the toy-supporting arches hit me in the face when I undo them , the nursing aspect of the toy is n't really exploitable .
 It looked great ~ boppy and toys hanging overhead but the toy bars always folded forward almost to the floor . I thought maybe the toys attached to the bar were too heavy but it still collaped even with lighter toys . Bottom line ~ buy a boppy and a separate toy with hanging rattles .
 The Boppy pillow is wonderful for breastfeeding and provides good support for babies in sitting , but I hardly used the hanging toys . It was just too inconvenient to hook the arches on for only about 5 to 10 minutes of play . Then , when it was time to nurse , my Boppy was n't readily available because I had n't had the time to remove the arches . I 'll be buying a separate playmat for my next child !
 I loved the Boppy pillow -- it was invaluable for the first 12 weeks or so that I nursed . After that , I did n't need the pillow so much anymore and set it up with the playgym attached . My little girl would just cry every time I tried to lay her in it though . I finally switched the toys that came with this Boppy for some different ones , and she liked it better , but she 's constantly sliding off the pillow and hitting her head on the floor . Also , the links that come with this gym are terrible ! It 's impossible to get toys on and off of them because they 're not at all flexible like other links I 've tried.Do yourself a favor and buy the plain Boppy pillow but a different playgym . We have the Carter 's butterfly gym and my daughter loves it . I know that the various gyms by Tiny Love are good too .
 I first used the 5-in-1 system just for the Boppy pillow . It is a very convenient and comfortable way to nurse . However , I would not recommend using it to sit small infants in . The inner circle of the pillow is too big to really support them and they tend to slide down into crunched or crooked positions.Probably the most alarming part of this product is the hazard when removing the support arches that hold the toys . I pulled these `` arms '' out of their bent position in the plastic bag and one of them snapped back and hit me in the eye . It hurt so bad , I had to sit down for a while and I eventually developed a headache . I was extremely upset because I could have been holding my baby at the time and it could have injured him instead . There was no visible warning from the outside of the bag about removing these arches . When I removed the instructions that were located on the inside of the ad panel , I saw a small `` caution '' about removing these springing arms -LRB- nothing I could have read before I actually took them out of the bag !!! -RRB- Therefore , REMOVE AT YOUR OWN RISK !!! Also , they do n't give you enough hanging extenders to use for all the toys if you have to hang them low enough for a small infant . If I had known about the hazards and inconvenience of this product before , I would have saved some money and bought the pillow by itself , then bought a better play-gym later .
 I have purchased this as a shower gift and thought it a great idea , until I tried it myself . I was not able to use it for nursing , as it would not fit around my waist - the fact that I has recently been 9 months pregnant may have been a factor . The colors are very stimulating for baby and I thought she would like looking at it . However , one of the hard plastic toys clunked her on the head and since then she screams whenever I put her near it . I returned it and bought a regular play gym with soft , squishy toys . The Boston pillow is much better for nursing regardless of your size .
 I received this item as a shower gift , and am not happy with it . The pillow itself is great for nursing , but my daughter hates laying in the pillow to use the toy bar , it is very uncomfortable for her and makes her cry . So her grandma sewed loops on a little quilt , and atttached the toy bar to it . Now my daughter loves playing with the toys . She is 3 1/2 months old .
 I tried to use the Boppy as both a nursing cushion and a toy for my baby who is now 4 months old . As a nursing cushion it is not firm enough and is difficult to get in a comfortable position . I ended up buying the `` My Best Friends '' cushion through the hospital 's lactation department and that works VERY well by offering good comfortable support for both me and the baby ... You will not want to keep messing with removing the cushion from the toy . And , your baby will slump down and fall off the cushion which will just make him frustrated and unable to get at the toys.The Boppy 's only saving grace is that it does come with some nice Sassy rattles which are expensive when bought individually and you can use the cushion to put your baby on his tummy .
 and used it as a regular boppy.When my daughter was small enough to lay still in the boppy she couldnt reach the toys . Now that shes bigger she gets bored with them too easily and its useless .
 MY DAUGHTER REALLY LIKES THIS GYM-BUT THEN SHE ROLLS OUT OF IT AND SHE CRIES . SHE IS UNCOMFORTABLE AND SHE WIGGLES-THEN OFF SHE IS AGAIN AND THE CRYING BEGINS . THE SAD THING IS SHE WANTS TO ENJOY IT AND PLAY WITH IT-IT 'S JUST SO FIRM IT ALLOWS HER TO WIGGLE OFF . AT 3 MONTHS BABIES KICK ALOT AND ON A BOPPY THAT IS NOT POSSIBLE WITHOUT ROLLING RIGHT OFF IT!BUY A GYM THAT ALLOWS THE CHILD TO LIE FLAT , IT 'S JUST EASIER .
 This set is cute and fun for my beginner engineer . The trains are well made . And I got the set for a decent pre-Christmas price , and getting a battery powered Thomas with it makes it a pretty good buy for a starter set . I do n't even mind that the battery powered Thomas typically eats an AA battery every day or two . Here comes the big BUT other reviewers have mentioned . For the amount of money you pay for Thomas items , these tracks do not hold together well . And the battery powered Thomas is constantly tipping over on the curves , or if it 's pulling other trains they tip over on the hill . My son loves this set but gets very frustrated when his trains keep going off track . I wo n't be returning it because he has loved playing with it daily since he got it . But really , I 'm going to try another brand of track for expansion . Most of the off-brand tracks are n't made with traction to supposedly improve the performance of the battery powered trains , but I 'm willing to give them a shot , as you get a lot more track for the money , and the performance of these is not impressive . I also just ordered the track locking clips sold on amazon , which I hope will help . I knew I 'd have to spend more to expand our Thomas collection , but I did n't count on having to spend more just to get good performance from this set .
 WE BOUGHT THIS TRAIN SET FOR OUR GRANDSON BECAUSE IT SEEMED SO STURDY BECAUSE THE TRACK IS MADE OF WOOD AND YOU CAN ALWAYS ADD EXTRA TRAINS AND TRACKS FOR THE FUTURE ... THE ONLY DRAWBACK IS THAT THE TRAIN WILL ALWAYS GO OFF THE TRACKS WHEN IT STARTS TO MAKE A TURN . FOR THIS REASON , I WOULD NOT RATE THIS ITEM EXTREMELY HIGH .
 I purchased this train set for my 2 yr old and the tracks are always coming apart , and the train itself does n't stay on the tracks . The one train that runs on a AA battery does n't last . . had to change the battery three times in two days . I would n't recommend this toy .
 Please note this review is coming from a manufacturing/quality engineer who knows what quality and true functionality means . I have never been so disappointed in my life . It took me less then 2 minutes of having the track together to make the decision to box it up and return it . Brio has done a much better job of integrating an electric engine to the wood rail train track systems . I would not waste your time with the Thomas Train battery powered cars for the wood rail system . This track was level and I even tried to adjust the track some but to no avail did it help with the issues listed here . I know what it takes to setup the track properly and the types of tires and method they used to align the car to the track does not hold it proper.Pros : Durable wood track.Cons : Price.Battery powered engine falls off the track almost every lap.Coal car does not stay connected on the up slope due to a design flaw.No sounds . : - -LRB- No reverse . : - -LRB- No interactive points with the train track . : - -LRB-
 To hedge my bets I bought this easel and the Magnetic Artist Easel from Discovery Channel easel with roughly the same features . This one was twice the price and not even half as good . In fact , the contrast in quality was so significant I could n't believe it.As others have said , the whiteboard is a wavy , warped sheet of cheap plastic , hardly glued to any kind of backing . The blackboard is a thin painted piece of wood . Two loosely fitting wooden bolts keep the surface from flipping over until you 're ready to use the other side . But the bolts do n't really fit right , and the easel seems like it 's going to flip when you press on it . The whole thing seemed rather poorly designed and constructed.On the plus side , it is nearly fully assembled already in the box.The height is not adjustable and there is no tray to speak of - just cup holders , which you better hope you have cups that will fit right in there to hold your paints , chalk , or whatever . Also , it comes with wimpy magnets apparently to hold the art paper in place . Yeah right . The flip concept is definitely a cool idea . Hope someone figures out how to execute it well , because this is n't it . The Discovery Channel product is awesome especially for the price .
 The system stopped working correctly within days of powering it on . There are lights that no longer turn on . Not worth the money I spent on it .
 This game is fun and my boys love it -LRB- ages 9 & 12 -RRB- . It is easy to understand and follow or play alone . It also does n't take up to much space in the room . Thanks to Fisher Price for coming up with a product that is cool for kids and is not a baby toy that I would associate with Fisher Price .
 Only the top half of the numbers on the screen can be read . Even though the screen is large , the game is difficult to play since the numbers are so difficult to see .
 Very disappointed in this toy & I ca n't believe it has not been recalled . No storage , the handle bars do n't actually turn the wheels , very very small ! My 11 month old son got this for a Christmas present . He ca n't sit on it and push with his feet without running them over . He has hurt himself badly on it when trying to push it from behind . Huge cut on his foot & smashed his hand in the racks that come off way too easily . I would NOT recommend this product to anyone , any age !!!
 This little 4 wheeler was a birthday present that my mom and I had looked at together online . We ordered it and it is way too small . My son is just turning 1 so I 'm not sure that you could get any smaller and still have to cordination to get on and off . : o -LRB-
 My son is 21 months old and this item was too small for him to ride on . There is only a space of approximately 6 inches between the front and back wheels . He could not make it go very far without hitting his feet on the wheels as he tried to move forward or backwards . This became very frustrating for him . The handle bars are very low and when he would push with his feet , his knees would get wedged under the handle bars . The front rack kept coming off which was annoying because he could not put it back on by himself . I would consider buying this toy for a child aged 6 months -LRB- when they can sit up -RRB- and hope that they could use it until they were maybe 18 months -LRB- but then you have to consider if that child has the motor skills to `` ride '' it -RRB- . I would not buy it for a child over 18 months . My son is 21 months and weighs 25 pounds and is of average height . My son did love the music and sounds , the blinkers that made noise , and the key that he could turn on . He just could n't ride it and so we took it back .
 I recently purchased this toy for my grandson who is 21/2 yrs old . I was very disappointed with it 's size . It is really too small for him to ride . The wheels do n't turn and my grandson was disappointed that it did n't have a horn . He was here when it arrived and was thrilled to have a `` John Deere '' so I did n't return it . Hopefully I 'll have other grandchildren who will get some use out of it .
 I bought a similiar John Deere `` Gator 4X2 '' yesterday at Walmart.Fist thing I noticed was the wheels do not turn when steering . You can not even turn a corner.My son has hurt his feet on the edges/sides when trying to push and he just ran into the door and hurt his inner thigh on the yellow knob.A horn and a seat that lifts up for hidden storage would be nice also and maybe some headlights that actually light up . As far as size goes it is a little small for my 2 1/2 year old.This vehicle needs a total re-evaluation from John Deere and I think it should be re-called . We will be returning John Deere today , even though it has already been used , but moslty due to my child being hurt.I will also be contacting John Deere to file a complaint .
 This is a wonderful toy if you like your kid getting frustraited . The fenders stick out to the point where a child cannont move his/her legs forwards and backwards more than an inch or two . Now do n't get me wrong , I am a john Deere man but this toy needs to be recalled and fixed so kids can enjoy RIDING it . They just ca n't get it to move . My kid loves the sounds and the key but it will not move more than a couple inches when he tries to ride it .
 My Daughter loved this toy as an infant and would continue to enjoy it but I had to take it away . As her fingers got just a little bigger -LRB- around 14 months -RRB- , they get stuck under the lions mane . If you buy this for your infant , be sure to take it away before the fingers can get stuck .
 I purchased the same bean bag from a a discount company and when received , I sent it immediately back due to the quality and size of the bean bag . To my surprise , after ordering the Disney Princess bean bag from Amazom for an addditional $ 20 more than I paid with the disocount company , I received the same size/quality bean bag . The bag is small and most of the beans are flat . It came in a box that may have been a 15 inch cube . Although I was still very unhappy with the product , my 4-yr old , not knowing any better , grabbed it and happily ran off , very easily since it only weighs about 1-2 pounds . Not wanting a repeat of melodrama from returning the previous bag , I decided to keep it . She enjoys throwing it around , but it only a month , the bean bag is almost flat . Not a happy camper and definitely not pleased with the product .
 I purchased this Princess bean bag for my 2yr old daughter . I paid about $ 45 + after shipping . The bean bag is TINY !!!!!! The princess print on it is beautiful and colorful but it is WAY to small for a 2 year old . She barely fits in it . She will outgrow it in only a couple months ! This is not something she 'll be able to grow with or use for long . If your looking for something she can use for years , this size is not it !!! I returned this product . I recommend this product for toddlers less than 2yrs old .
 Save your money . This is a cute item but not worth 20 bones . My daughter has sat in in twice in 3 months . Save up for a $ 40 - $ 80 chair/couch cus this thing is NOT worth it .
 I received this as a gift and loved it at first . But after using it just 3 times one of the support poles snapped when we were putting it up . I was bummed too because I loved it so much . If you do buy it , be careful when you handle it - it 's not as durable as it seems .
 I was very excited to try out this tent at the beach . We got it set up and my 4 month old was taking a nap in it out of the sun . Everything was great until the cabana suddenly collapsed on him . One of the supports had broken . It was the first time I 'd used it . I was very disappointed .
 I bought this for my infant for a trip to the beach . The sand was hot so i had to place a towel beneath the tent to shield the baby . Also , even with the mesh and the ample door opening , it still retains heat plus the light shines through -LRB- its a thin nylon material -RRB- creating a greenhouse effect . My baby was hot in there ! I would place this in the shade next time I go to the beach .
 Do n't buy . This is junk . I took it to the beach twice . The second day , it broke !!!!
 This was a pain the rear to use . It was fun for the kids to play in the house , but to use it on the beach was a waste . It was a mess to clean up the sand . . from the inside out .
 This is going to be short ... but not so sweet . My wife bought this as you might have expected for our 11 month old child . My wife does a lot of work in the garden out back , and this would be a way our baby could be out there as well without constantly being in the direct sunlight . Win win ... my wife can keep an eye on our child , while outside getting work done.Problem is , the front picture on the package shows the item has a zipper -LRB- like a real tent would -RRB- . When we opened it up , there is no zipper at all . Completely false advertising by the manufacturer . I can see the Kel-Gar corporate meeting now ... Executive Moron 1
 I got the Talking Magic Eight Ball two weeks ago and it is garbage . It is so light if you drop it I 'm sure it will break . There is no liquid inside with the die or anything it just spits out phrases when you push a button - sometimes anyway . It is nothing like the original magic eight ball . It says it has eleven phrases but it only repeats four of them over and over again , and considering Family Guy has some of the greatest catch phrases , they picked really dumb ones . Peter has one or two , Chris has one , and the rest are all Stewie . There are no Brian quotes which I thought was disappointing .
 This can not be put together . The pieces just wo n't match up and snap togehter . Save your money .
 never again ! What a horrible experience . The seller of this toy is one of the nastiest most vile business people I have come across . I ca n't believe Amazon does business with them . I am sure they will not be for long . My son was happy with toy ; it 's the seller that is no good .
 I ordered the Care Bear Cubs Giggles and Wiggles bedtime bear to replace one my 5 year old son has had since he was a baby . It used to talk and move and it had got broken , so I wanted to replace it . I received a similar care bear that glows but it is not what I ordered , my son was disappointed , but we kept it anyway . Oh and by the way I was willing to pay $ 40 to replace his favorite toy , but was not worth it for a regular care bear . = -LRB-
 I purchased this for my son for Christmas . Unfortunately , we had to go away for a few weeks after Christmas and just tried this and we all hate it . The `` fast '' is more of a slow tumble and the slow is a hesitation a jump and then nothing . Truthfully it bites the big one ! I would return it but it 's too late . I tried changing the batteries and that didnt help either . : -LRB-
 First , the wings are not very easy to attach-there is a lot of pulling and pushing to get them on . Once we managed to put them on they did not stay attached for play . These wings fell off so much we had to detached them so our son could play . This is a big disappointment for a 4-year old child , which is the recommended age . If buying for play beware but if buying as a collectors item , then this is a great gift .
 The joy of this toy last as long as it is in the box . After that , it 's a nightmare . The wings constantly fall off , the jet engine sound does not have a shut off - and it is very loud , and is prone to start with the slightest provocation -LRB- like walking by the toy in the middle of the night when you go to check on your kid -RRB- and continue sounding off until it decides to stop ! My little X-Man fanatic put this on the bottom of his toy box after a week .
 My son loves Wolverine and when he saw this toy , he had to have it . He was spending a gift certificate he got for his birthday , so I let him choose . Boy , did I regret it ! The wings were difficult to get on and unbelievably , once I managed to get them on , they fell off almost immediately once he started playing with it . I ended up gluing them on , but that did n't last either . The jet sounds are also annoyingly loud . He got very frustrated after a few days with this toy and I threw it out after a few months . Believe me , he has n't missed it !
 My 5 year old seemed to like this game a little but I thought it was really boring . It 's all chance with no skill or strategy involved . Frankly , it 's just not that exciting and we do n't really play it much at all .
 I accidently bought this game for my family to play . Yikes ! We got it out and there are recommendations for `` role play '' dares such as `` clothed lap dance with person of same sex '' . Yuck . Filled with drinking and nudity jokes . I put it in the trash . Figured it was one less game in circulation .
 I purchased this game based on a recommendation from one of the games sponsors , Mr.Glenn Beck , but have to say that it did not appeal to the kiddo 's -LRB- teenagers -RRB- at all . Some questions are stupid and some have a sexual context . It will probably sit on the shelf collecting dust .
 Had my son not opened it we would have not known it was so bad . I thought it just was adult themes not NASTY , Dirty and Sickening . Do n't buy , we 'll probably burn it . Too bad it was so expensive . My mistake for buying it .
 We bought my 13 y.o. son the tamer version of this game . The questions are fantastic and fascinating , that 's true . But the game play stops cold every few seconds as you refer to the directions or read paragraphs aloud -LRB- the directions tell you to do so -RRB- . If I had it to do again , I 'd save my money and buy the Zobmondo Would You Rather books - - the questions are the fascinating part of this , not the game , which drags .
 Unless you are immature AND drunk , do not buy this game ! Our family gets together several times a year to play games and my mom bought this new game to try . We did n't even get passed the first person 's turn before all agreed to abandoned it ! We went back to an old stand by ... Apples to Apples . Do yourself a huge favor and ignore any reviews that suggest this is a good game !!! There were 8 of us and we all hated it !!!
 The cover of this game is dangerously close to the innocent family game . We bought it at a `` breakfast with santa '' event , never considering there was a adult-only version . Pretty surprising for the grown ups and eye-opening for the kids ! The only hint on the box -LRB- after we looked closer -RRB- was it said it was for `` 4 or more adults '' . Shame on the manufacturers - there should be a better `` heads-up '' warning . From the other reviews , it looks like we were n't the only ones caught off guard .
 me and the husband and some friends tried playing the game everyone had about 3 turns and we got so bored so we shifted through the cards and nothing seemed twisted or sick it was just plain boring questions . and we are normally simply amused not at all with this game ! think we might gift it to someone else : P
 This game looks like it would be interesting but after a couple games it gets a little boring . Some of the questions are not as sick and twisted as you would think . It would be worth the money if it cost under $ 15.00 . My advise save your money .
 The supplied `` Would You Rather ... '' questions are fun and entertaining , but the `` challenges '' are inane . They happen far too often , are far too complex , and some are sophomoric . Just ignore the challenge cards , and use the board to race to the center .
 If you can find this item cheap , its probably worth a buy , however at full price it definitely is not . The video quality is very , very poor , especially for this day and age . I have been through several videos , and they are very laggy and the image quality can not keep up with the LCD resulting in lots of ghosting and just very poor quality video in general . It also skips a lot while using it in a car making it almost non usable in the place that it would probably be best used in.The screen does not have any type of protection on it , its basically an exposed LCD screen so when dust falls on the screen and you try to wipe it off , the screen scratches instantly . At the very minimum , this should come with a screen protector in the package . Dropping this toy would certainly break it as it contains a laser for reading the discs which is delicate plus the screen would likely not survive since its not protected at all , so it would be best used by only careful children . If your child has other electronics that can play videos , such as an Ipod or portable DVD player , do n't even think about getting this for them , because it will be a waste . Your better off investing the money in a portable dvd player and using it with the dvd 's you already own . With the price of dvd 's getting cheaper and cheaper your better off investing in a portable dvd player and dvd 's than this piece of junk.The PVD 's for this player are also very short and you pay a high price for only 30-60 min of video per disc -LRB- 20 min per disc on older discs -RRB- , the discs are also hard to come by and therefore quite pricey as this product is being phased out of retail stores slowly where I am at least .
 In less than a week after I bought these garden tools for my 7 and 3-year old grandkids , the shovel and rake broke apart . I would not recommend these tools .
 well this are cute but i did think to read that they are metal so he cant play with this these yet . he might hurt his self or someone esle .
 I Returned this set ! A big disappointment . I received on time , returns easy . Quality just not there , sadly . I hoped it would 've been a great gift .
 They seemed like good quality tools for a great price , but mine arrived with one of the tools missing from the box . I had to return it . There was no way to simply have the missing tool shipped to me .
 The picture is of Musical Scarves and Activities which I ordered , but I got some kind of math chart . Totally ridiculous waste of my time . Somebody needs to fix this mistake .
 I have a standard 48 x 72 goal and this wo n't fit . I bought this as a Christmass present for my son and he is very dissapointed . Hopefully I can send it back . Do not buy this unless you have an undersized goal .
 Looks like it would last awhile , since it is pretty thick . The velcro straps look substantial enough to take some abuse . But , if you have an official size goal 4 ' x 6 ' ... it wo n't fit . Although it said on the package that it `` fits most 4 ` x6 ' goals '' . My goal is a pretty common 4 ` x6 ' goal and the target is good 6 '' too narrow . I guess it must be made overseas and someone there did n't convert their metric system to inches correctly .
 The description says `` extra thick dominoes '' ... yeah , extra thick CARDBOARD . I was very disappointed . Basically , they are printed on cardboard and you pop them out of a sheet . Brilliant . Do n't buy these if your kid still has sticky fingers or tends to taste things . My three year old niece liked the pictures but , having played with real dominoes , knew that these were nothing special . I intended this to be a special gift and it is really more of a stocking stuffer . Very sneaky the way they do n't tell you the material , beware !!!
 My daughter loves Olivia and I 'm looking for some Olivia toys ... I see this 10 '' plush for $ 99.99 ... seriously ? No thank you - 1 star for horrible pricing .
 Ordered Olivia and did not know for about a week that she was not in stock . Finally got a response to an e-mail from the company saying they had contacted my e-mail and refunded the money . Unfortunately I did not receive the e-mail until several days later but that is due to problems on my end . I checked with the bank and my check had gone thru so figured Olivia was enroute . After getting a reply from the co. . I contacted the bank again and told them the situation . They said sometimes it takes up to a month to get the refund . I was most upset as it was a special present for one of my Grandchildren and I could have tried other places if I had only known she was not available . By the time I got around to that , she was unavailable everywhere . This was not a pleasant experience .
 I bought this for my twins when they turned 6 months old . They are now 8 months old and I finally opened it . I was very upset by it . The holes in the top where you put the shapes are defective ! The triangle one works but the circle says `` square '' and the square says `` circle '' !
 I bought this toy for my 1 1/2 year old daughter . She was able to take it apart in ten minutes ! She also became very disinterested in it within a week . It has been laying around the house - usually in pieces ! I am going to try and sell it this weekend at our garage sale . Spend your money on something else .
 its very confusing to use because my 10month old cant play with it because he has no clue how !
 I ordered this as a gift to go along with the Olivia saves the Circus book . I ordered it because 10 '' would be the perfect size for a one year old . I would have had a happy ending had the Olivia been 10 '' it is not . It is 6 '' . Very dissappointed and a little upset because the product discription is dishonest . I will not purchase from the Book Fair again .
 I received this doll today and it is much smaller than 10 inches . I am disappointed but it is not worth it to return it . It looks just as pictured but it is maybe 6 '' instead of 10 . Just to let you know . . Thanks .
 My 3 year old son got this for Christmas and it only reads 2 cards . I took it back to the store and exchanged it for a new one thinking we received a defective one , but had the same trouble with the new one . If it worked properly it would be a great toy . My advice is do not waste your money , there are plenty of similar toys to choose from .
 I purchased this learning laptop for my 2 year old daughter as a Christmas gift . I spent over an hour Christmas Morning getting it out of the box and trying to get it to work properly.Most of the time it does not recognize the cards at all . At other times it recognizes the wrong card -LRB- one that is not in the computer -RRB- which is confusing . The toy comes with the instruction to close and reopen the comupter to reset it , but the toy still will not function correctly . It would be a great toy and very educational if it actually worked . They need to take this toy back to the lab and redesign the card reader !
 My daughter received this toy for her 2nd B-day and when you change a card it still asks questions about the original card that came inside it . Or if it reconizes that the card was changed it will ask a question & when you answer it it will not finish saying the answer . For example , It will say push the # 4 . You push 4 and it will say , `` there are four '' it does n't finish saying there are four balls or what ever there may be 4 of . This looked so cute in the box . But I 'm disappointed that now I have to return it because it does n't work right .
 I know of something worse than making the pictures in colors that kind of resemble other colors -LRB- previous review about a orange-yellow taxi being called yellow -RRB- . That would be making almost half of the numbers say a different number when pressed . It 's true , my Barney Learning Fun Laptop does not have much you can accurately learn from , although it may be fun . My 2 year old daughter loves it , but we can not allow her to play with it at all for fear that she may have all the learning she has accomplished undone by a poorly translated Chinese toy . Numbers 1-4 report the number correctly , but then the fun begins . When the number 5 is pressed , Barney pipes up with `` That 's the number 1 '' . Number 6 is really the number 2 in Cheap Toy Land , number 7 is called 3 and 8 is called 4 . Oddly enough , the number line jumps back to normal at 9 and 10 , as they are actually called 9 and 10 in this Barney Twilight Zone . There 's only small defects after that . For example in the previously mentioned picture with the orange-yellow Taxi , Barney ca n't seem to find anything green when you push the green star , even though the picture is predominantly green with all the grass , trees and both dinosaurs ' stomachs . He just says `` That 's the green star '' and then falls silent . With the other shapes he references the picture , i.e. when you push the orange circle Barney says `` That 's the orange circle , the bike is orange '' -LRB- even though the bike looks more like red to me -RRB- . So to prevent our daughter from becoming dumb from this ingenious toy ;-RRB- , she is now not allowed to use it , which makes more disappointment for all of us involved . While it seems that this faux pas is not the norm , it does reflect upon the quality standards to let something like that slip by , since pushing the buttons in question or any kind of diagnostic quality test should have made this problem obvious , and , in turn , made our time a little less stressful -LRB- listening to our daughter cry because she ca n't play with her Barney `` Learning Fun '' Laptop -RRB- . So if you ask if I would recommend this product , if you ca n't tell by the review and star rating , then maybe you would benefit from this toy . But no , really , I would give it a `` do n't buy '' recommendation .
 I bought this toy for my son for Hannukah . I had read some of the reviews about it not working but tried it anyway . I should have listened to the warnings not to buy it . Only two of the cards work properly . The others either do n't work at all or it thinks it is a different card that 's in there . My son would have loved it . I will try to exchange it for a new one at Toys R US , but if the next one does n't work , I will return it for good and write to the manufacturer . What a shame , it looked like it was a lot of fun .
 This was given to my daughter , I would never buy a toy with Barney on it . But , it has helped her recognize numbers and she likes playing with it . However , it has only ever read one of the cards for about 30 seconds , that was the only time I heard it ask questions about the cards . If you push the card in and hold it in , it might recognize it . It does say the right numbers when pushed . There is only ONE SONG that I 've ever heard , not the 11 like it says . Perhaps each card has its own song , we would n't know.Spend your money on a toy that will actually work .
 We just bought this for our twins and only two of the cards work correctly . It 's obvious by the others who reviewed this product that this toy just plain DOES N'T WORK !! It 's too bad I did n't see this review before I purchased it , I will be returning it . This toy needs to come off the shelf and be redesigned because it could be a great toy ! -LRB- if it worked ! -RRB-
 My daughter picked this toy out for her 3rd birthday and it has not worked since we first opened it . It never reads the card that is in the computer window . My daughter is then really confused . We even tried to replace the batteries and that did not work . The toy is durable because my little has tossed it after getting mad that it did not work and it is still in one piece . Do n't waste your money .
 This toy do not deserve to be in any toy store is very crappy , everybody should get together and call the company who makes it so they can take it out of the market , do n't even think to try it like I did .
 We got this toy for our 18 month old for Christmas . It comes with five cards with pictures on each side of the card . Only two of the cards work . The other cards either do n't work or do n't ask questions pertaining to the picture on the card . This would be a great toy if it worked right .
 My son was in love with this toy , but only the display card worked . Once the toy was out of the box we found out all of the other cards did n't function . I called Fisher Price and after following the suggestions of the Customer Service Rep , it still did n't work . We are now returning the toy to the store .
 My daughter got this toy for Christmas and I 've experienced the same problems as all the other reviewers . Either the unit does n't recognize there is a card in it , or it recognizes it as the wrong card . I have contacted Mattel . Although they were not very interested in knowing what was wrong with it , they gave me info on how to return the toy to them -- which is exactly what I 'm going to do . My advice , do n't bother with this toy .
 We bought this for our 17 month old son for Christmas because he really likes Barney , and the `` laptop '' looked so cute . He enjoyed pressing the buttons and flipping the `` computer '' open and closed . But the stickers on most of the cards did not coincide with the questions for the particular cards . We returned the toy to Toys-R-Us . We may get another one in the future , but I would see if it works before I leave the store with it . I 'm very disappointed in the poor quality control of the manufacturing . I expect a lot more from Fisher Price . I gave this toy only 2 stars on most ratings because it did n't work properly . I think it has the potential to be very fun & educational , if it would only work right .
 I 'm another person with the same problem . It only reads one card and I 'm going to try and return it even though it was a gift and I do n't have the receipt . It seems like it would be fun if it worked .
 Wow ... and here I thought it was just a battery issue ; but the other reviewers are absolutely correct . Only one or two of the cards work properly . What a shame , too . My two year old has no interest in this toy whatsoever .
 After reading the reviews on this site , I am sure my daughter 's grandparents would not have bought this toy for her . We are `` lucky '' enough to have cards that work , but are very dissapointed that the pictures include incorrect information ! For example , an orange taxi in the picture but Barney says it is yellow , therefore reinforcing incorrect information . We have had the toy for less than a month and a picture is already scratched where my daughter has pealed some of the sticker off . Overall , I am very disappointed with this toy .
 I looked high and low for a functional traffic light for my son . This was the first `` non-train set '' light I could find . Priced at more than $ 30 - I assumed it would be operational or battery powered . Instead it is cumbersome to operate and nearly kills the fun that it was supposed to create . If this toy was priced appropriately it would have cost less than $ 15 . Its over priced and under functional . This purchase made me feel totally taken advantage of and my son 's not too happy about it either .
 We love many other vsmile and vflash games . BUT , this one gets boring pretty quickly . The games do n't have much to them . You can change lightning mc queen 's colors and decals . My son was bored of doing that quickly . Then , you can race him around and answer math questions , but overall , we were disappointed in this game . There are n't that many activities , the loading time between each sequence is long , and the games are kind of , well , boring to be honest !
 The idea of buying this doll over the internet is great , but since each one is one of a kind you are taking a chance by purchasing it sight unseen.I recently ordered one for my daughter for Christmas and got the ugliest one possible . She had a small patch of hair on top of her head , and she was wearing a daisy duke halter top and a short wrap skirt , a tacky outfit for a baby first of all and she had no shoes looked like a country bumpkin . Needless to say I sent her back and went to the store and picked one out myself.So if you do n't mind taking your chances then go for it .
 The doll I recieved was great , however , it was not the one I ordered.I ordered a blond doll and recieved one with dark brown hair . Not even close .
 I would not recommend this puzzle to anyone . Many of the pieces are shaped the same , making it hard to find the correct place for each piece , especially when the pieces are the same color . The pieces are larger than I expected for a 1000 piece puzzle and many were n't cut all the way through , so I had to pull or tear them apart . The box it came in was very flimsy and I had to cut it open myself . I would n't have minded the extra work if the puzzle had been worth it . I was very disappointed with this particular puzzle and I do n't plan on finishing it . I will also not buy any more from this particular company .
 Will never buy another Jeff Wilkes puzzle unless I have absolutely nothing left in the world to do . All the pieces are the same . I enjoy a challenge but this one was rediculos . Do not recommend to anyone sane .
 It 's Christmas morning . Thank GOODNESS we bought two identical VideoNows for our two boys , as one of them keeps freezing , if it plays the picture it is all snowy . We tried a different brand of batteries to see if that made a difference . I 'm not thrilled with the quality - if they all work the way the second one we opened work , then it 's a great -LRB- hopefully more sturdy -RRB- alternative to a standard portable DVD player .
 These were cool when they came out , but now I ca n't find anything for it . The screen is too small and they breakdown easily .
 When I just bought this toy for my son , he played with his dog and he tripped on it.The posts droke and the ropes ripped.After that I gave him a beating and smashed the ring on his head .
 The pieces do not interlock well . You can not pick up and move a block of pieces at one time . The shapes of the pieces are also unoriginal . In the future , the only puzzles I will buy are Springboks .
 My son ordered this tank twice . The first time , a wheel fell off after using it for only 15 minutes . He returned it and required Amazon 's help to get the seller to give him a full refund -LRB- they wanted to charge a 25 % &#34; re-stocking &#34; fee -RRB- . Then he decided to try another seller and ordered it again . This time the tank did not even work ! When switched on , the tank made a very high pitched noise heard throughout our house . I do n't usually write reviews on products , but this one needs to be heard . This tank is a poor quality toy and is very costly to ship back and forth . We learned our lesson , that 's for sure , and will never order from these obscure sellers out in the middle of &#34; nowhere , CA &#34; .
 When I received this tank I could not beleive how awesome it was , to bad it was short lived , the concept of the toy is above and beyond and I wish it would of worked , but it is built very cheaply and even if you treat it like glass it will let you down .
 Worked great untill the screw came out of the drive srocke.There was no way to replace it without destroying the drive sprocket up .
 The seller of this product will not return emails !!!!!!! Dont buy these models . I have bought two and one arrieved with a broken remote control . This seller will not return emails about a replacement . -LRB- within the 15 days of return -RRB- Items are not for small children a lot of very small parts and easy to break . Shipping is too high per item $ 25.00
 This is a horrible product - i would agree with the previous reviewer . The battery dies after 15 mins , it will not turn or work on carpet - i think the entire line is faulty .
 I bought three of these new and have not got even one to work . What a waste of money . Support for this product is nonexistant . I now have 3 oversize paper weights .
 Do not buy . This paint is like a dye that stains skin and tables , floor , anything . It is not WASHABLE -LRB- read the fine print . -RRB- Do n't make the same mistake I made by using this product . NOT FOR KIDS . Wil even drip off a dry paper and stain a large area .
 My grandgals do n't play with it.There is nothing to do but dot-dot-dot . I thought it would be a little something different but itdid not go over .
 I purchased this for my daughter and the paint stained all over her hands and clothes . I tried to wash it off , but it was impossible . Moreover , it stained on my table and took a while to clean it off . I do not recommend .
 We bought this motor to rotate a hanging whirlygig in the house . I struggled to get the motor to rotate in the direction I needed . You have to insert the battery backwards . It is noisy and the D-cell battery drained in a relatively short period of time -LRB- continuous operation -RRB- . To be economically reasonable , I will have to buy a rechargeable D-battery -LRB- or several -RRB- . Maybe my expectations were too high but this motor certainly did n't meet them .
 My girls recieved the Big sister Dora and Twins along with the swing and cradle set . The twins do not fit nicely in the swing and cradle like described . They can not lay down in the crib , just sit in it . They are too big . And they do not sit well in the swing . There bodies were n't made to where you can put them in a sitting position . There limbs do not move !!
 The pieces in this set are utter junk . Think of that hollow unbalanced set at the thrift store for .50 , and that is what they coupled this game with . I am returning this because its to light weight . You are really paying $ 15 or so for cards . If this was simply a pack of cards for $ 7 bucks I would have kept it . The makers of this do n't realize how important the feel of moving a chess piece is . I started on a decent semi weighted set and can remember how they feel 30 years later . All in all a great concept but terribly executed . Bad deal !
 We bought this chess set to teach our 2 daughters how to play . We were not disappointed , but the girls quickly graduated to the point where they did not want to play with the cards , but could n't remember exactly how each piece should move on the board , so it still required a lot of personal coaching.The quality of the game is not as good as I hoped . The playing board , especially , is not very sturdy -LRB- it comes folded in fourths -RRB- . The pieces are a little on the small side.After purchasing this set , a friend showed us her beginner set , and I would highly recommend it -LRB- although I do n't know what brand it was -RRB- . The board and pieces were sturdier , and on the side of each piece it was marked how the piece could move on the board . If you 're thinking about purchasing a beginner set for your child , your money is better spent on a higher quality product than this one . Look for a set where the board is one piece and the pieces are clearly marked with how the pieces move on the board .
 This chess set is only good for kids/adults that have completely zero exposure to how chess pieces move . My 5yo daughter -LRB- who just started playing last month -RRB- knows how to do the basic chess moves , but she felt too restricted in terms of planning . For example , she wanted to move a piece that was going to get taken , but she could not because the chess cards did not allow her to . My husband and daughter hated it after one game . Oh well .
 From the description of this chess set you would think that the instructions and cards would teach you something about openings , strategy , defense , value of exchanges , etc.All it does is put how each piece moves on a bunch of cards and the premise is that you draw a card from the pile and move that piece now . With no regard to whether that makes sense.I had taught my daughter the moves and she was playing a decent beginner game after two days , and I thought this would teach her a little more.It includes a decent plastic set of chess pieces and an acceptable cheap cardboard chessboard . Save yourself about $ 5 and just get a board with pieces . This ` no-stress-chess ' concept is obviously cooked up by some marketing person who does n't even know how to play chess .
 I have two young boys - ages 6 and 8 . They were learning to play chess so I purchased a few products and books designed for teaching chess to young children . Ultimately , this game is a poor quality chess set and nothing more . There is no `` easy '' way to learn chess . My boys were initially taught to play by joining a chess club at school . I wanted products for follow up teaching at home . I much preferred the other game I purchased ... Once A Pawn A Time . It was great quality and came with very funny instructional books that were more in depth . I would go with that game instead . Good luck ! It 's not easy for kids to learn chess , but it 's very satisfying for them when they finally learn and master the game .
 Screen is very tiny . Lighting and graphics are poor . Granddaughter lost interest in just a few minutes .
 I had to return the 1st one I bought because the batteries were to the point of exploding from the heat . Now I find the other one I received is doing the same thing . The area where the batteries are , gets extemely hot if the batteries are left in this toy for extended periods of time . You should probably check it every day or so or remove the batteries completely .
 I bougth 2 baloons for my son 's birthday , and one of those was damage . I could return but the birthday already past . The company should care more about quality . Never buy again from them .
 How the heck do you wash this once your child spits up on it ??? Which is the first and last time she played on it .
 This toy was fun for about 2 tries , then it literally `` exploded '' by falling apart . I am disappointed in the quality .
 I expected a more flopy type soft . It is nice , but not soft and pliable . I need something more like a pillow .
 the recipient said it was small and not well made , was going to return but it was a big hassle so she kept it anyway .
 I bought a Life-Like train set through Amazon & then ordered this switch . I guess the `` Power-Loc '' designation means it wo n't work on my track whcih uses rail joiners . I did n't know that . I just knew it was made by the same outfit that made my train set . I am a newbie where model trains are concerned & am learning the hard way . I ca n't return this because I opened the package . Guess I 'll visit my local hobby shop . Being 75 , it 's easier to order things online if possible . Gon na have to be more careful ! I enjoy my train even though I do n't have enough space in my apt to have much of a layout . It fits nicely on my table top .
 Out of the box it did not get around the track very often . It is very sensitive and did not like e-z track . It has a nice look to it , but poor function . I keep thinking it is broken , yet I check it out and really it just is designed too loose . The wheels do n't stay straight it and runs all over the track until derailing and even the tightest track connections . Maybe I just do n't do steam as this is my first and prob last steam engine at n scale .
 I purchased this product for my 10-month old along with several other musical toys . While I like the concept of a `` guitar '' - shaped musical toy combined with a pull-toy , this product compares very poorly with the others I purchased.The primary problem is that the speaker is on the bottom of the toy . This gives very little volume to the music and it also sounds very muffled . In my opinion , the designer did n't give much credit to actually HOW the music sounds.We 've played with this toy maybe twice . My frustration with it grows higher every time I pull it out . It was a waste of my money.Stick with Leapfrog products . They 're great !
 I was convinced the first item I had received was defective and got a replacement only to find the sound was terrible on the new one too . I am very disappointed in the quality of this toy . On the bright side ... A + to Amazon for a speedy exchange . Great customer service : -RRB-
 My son got this `` wagon '' for Christmas 2 years ago . It did not last long . The stickers pulled off in no time and the buttons started to stick .
 My son got this for his first birthday from one of his aunt 's . He has gotten a good amount of fun out of it . However , as a Mom , I have n't enjoyed this toy . It goes through batteries like crazy . It also rolls much too fast that he 's had many falling incidents . Worst of all , I hate the handle . he likes to pull it over and either slams himself in the head with it , or leans on it causing the body to flip and hurt him . I ended up taking this away and hiding it as I found he was injuring himself with this way too much . The fun he has is n't worth it .
 The doll is beautiful . A very nice collectible doll that is no longer being made . A must for a serious Barbie collector . Not worth the asking price right now . Best to wait until after the holidays for the price to come down drastically .
 If you buy these cards to go along with a new set of colored handbells for your child , you will be disappointed . I 'm not a musical talent , but I believe these cards are to be used to teach more advanced musicians how to make chords with the handbells . They have absolutely no value if you 're just learning to play one note at a time .
 I bought this for my 3 year old daughter because she loves to sing and dance and it was a really good price . When we receive this she turned it on by hitting the buttons and you could barely hear the music I thought the batteries were low so I changed them , and it did n't do any good . You ca n't hear the music only if it is really quite in the room and when you sing in the microphone you ca n't hear it very good either.This toy ended up in the toy box with all of the other toys my daughter wo n't play with .
 I bought this for my 4 yr grandson to play with for his summer visit as he loves to sing and perform . I should have listened to the other reviews . There is virtually no sound . He ended up playing with the microphone only and using it to pretend . What a waste .
 My son received this toy as a gift at the end of December . It is now mid-January and we have already had to change the batteries twice . It 's dead again , but I refuse to spend anymore money on batteries for it , and have contact the manufacturer for a replacement toy or refund.Aside from the battery issue , the sound is awful . It 's nearly impossible to understand what the voices are saying , and the record/play back feature is also garbled.Despite these flaws , my son seems to love it and has enjoyed it . So I had to give it a couple of stars because of that . But from a practical standpoint , I would not suggest purchasing this toy .
 I bought it for its R/C feature . However , it does n't move at all . The remote controller only works for sounds and lights . Very disappointed .
 I do n't know why it says `` Remote control '' . It HAS a wire about a foot long that connects control buttons and the bus . It is definately not a remote . I would n't have bought it if I knew it has a wire . The picture conceivably hid the wire .
 The same happened to me !!!!!!!!! I bought it thinking it was a good bargain , and just today placed the batteries and it does not run ! very disapointed with a v-tech toy
 These blocks are beautiful to look at . But dangerous for small hands . They are fresh off the cutting block . No finishing touches to smoothen the edges and corners . Had to use fine sandpaper to smoothen edges myself . Easy to do , but very time consuming . For the price of these blocks , you should n't have to put in the extra time and money to make them safe for kids .
 I bought these as a gift , and recently learned that the child got a splinter from them , playing with them on the first day . These may be cute as decor , but use caution when your children play with them .
 My son throws these blocks all over the house . I think it should have been made out of a softer material . It never even engaged him .
 Very poor directions to assemble this puzzle . Never really got it together after hours and hours of trying .
 the box was beaten up pretty bad , might have happened in shipping , but maybe it should 've been placed in another box then . Box is totally messed up and I was planning on giving to my niece for Christmas cuz she 's been asking for it . Now i 'm not sure if I should cuz it looks so crappy . Thought I had my Christmas shopping done now I 'm not so sure . Thanks for messing that one up
 The whole 3D thing is a cool idea . Especially when it comes in the correct box with instructions . This was not the case with my husbands gift . I was unimpressed with the packaging and the seller .
 Like most puzzles of this sort , this was fun to put together . I enjoyed it very much . The thing is though , the final model looks very silly . It is called a Spinosaurus but the dinosaur that went by that name looked very much different . This guy turns out looking like a deformed T-Rex with some very goofy looking arms . As for quality , the of wood peel apart very easily -LRB- as one might expect from such a cheap toy -RRB- and the puzzle has pieces that will not stay together right without glue . You could assemble this guy and not glue him but then all you 'll have in the end it a strange looking deformed T-Rex with some droopy ribs and crazy arms.That being said , it was fun to assemble and it is cheap . Just do n't buy it until you 've googled a Spinosaurus and decide you do n't care .
 We bought this item for our three year old who loves the ocean and all that lives in it . There are various sea animals and a diver which makes the kit very appealing . However , it easily breaks ! If you accidentally drop one of the animals , either the tail or the mouth breaks ... I 've had to glue -LRB- or improvise with tape -RRB- these parts together . Not fun for the child -LRB- crying because a dolphin 's tail came off -RRB- or for the parent trying to fix it !!
 Was listed as new , but every item was dirty and most of the pieces were touched up with paint . Obviously this was a used item . Very disappointed as I had to order from elsewhere because I am afraid to reorder from Amazon .
 The questions are more about the manufacturers of snacks , etc. than the sweets themselves . We knew the answer to very few questions and it got kind of boring after awhile .
 My husband brought this toy home to cheer up my son who is sick . Unfortunately , it does n't work . The umbrella seems to be stuck so that it wo n't push down . Therefore , George does n't move up at all . I called the marvel number on the box and was told just to take it back . I would n't buy this toy online because it needs to be checked for functionality before it is bought . Also , we can see dried glue on the part of the toy where the umbrella touches the cart . That does n't seem good .
 The makers were totally lazy when makinf this game . What is the point of having DVD if only a few questions are multimedia and the rest are just text ? You might as well just read the questions off a card like the original game.I noticed this during a real game , so later on I just played the DVD questions myself and here is what I found . There are only 3 multimedia -LRB- Videos , music , animation , etc -RRB- questions for each category . After that there are only text questions , just like on the cards . After about 10 questions in each category it gets even lamer . Rather than even asking a text question , a simple text message comes up and says `` Read a question from a card in the stack '' . I gave an overall rating of 1 star . I 've been told the `` Scene-It '' series is much better , so i 'm going to get one of those next time .
 I bought this game for my father for an early Christmas present . We sat down to play it , a group of 6 people ranging in age from 83 to 32 . I figured with that kind of spread , there would be questions that everyone might get . We were all frustrated and disappointed not even halfway through the game . Some of the questions are ridiculously trivial - yes , I know that 's the name of the game , but we had to make so many wild guesses -LRB- all of which were wrong -RRB- that the game got to be really too frustrating . The wedge holders are nifty , and the way the wedges just slide into place is cool . The DVD questions were more exciting than the card questions , but we were n't able to answer more than half of those , although at least in that case you are given some kind of picture clue which allows you to have fun while you 're guessing.Overall a big disappointment - we got rid of the game the next day ! I think this might be fun for a younger crowd - 20somethings and younger , perhaps .
 I ordered this to use at my parents house for the holidays . Just opened it and there 's about 10 different sections to ` pump ' air into . I got to the point of blowing it up like a raft.Anyway , there was a slow leak in the seam of the ` dashboard . ' Read the directions and it says to use the patches except on seams . Great . What are we to do then?I called the company and they said to return it because there 's nothing they could do , they are out of stock or discontinued . I tried the patch . Nope , it did n't work . Disappointed daughter , frustrated -LRB- and now out of breath -RRB- parents as well , with no place for my daughter to sleep now for the holidays except to get something spur of the moment .
 This is recommended for ages 24 mos . - 4 years and today , one of the `` hub caps '' on the front wheel came off during normal play . My 2 year old son simply handed me the extremely small choking hazard when I asked to see what he was holding . It took me a moment to determine where it came from , but he promptly held up the firetruck and pointed it out . I reported it today on the consumer protection website and think they should recall it as it is NOT safe for a child under 3 -LRB- and maybe not even then -RRB- . That aside , this toy was fun for about 30 seconds when we first saw it in the store . By the time we were back in our vehicle , it took a lot of restraint to not throw it out the window . It is a noisemaker - a very , very loud noisemaker without any type of volume control . Aside from rolling all around the room blaring the siren , it really does n't do anything . It has no educational value unless your child needs to see that when it hits the wall , it simply goes a different direction in order to keep going.I 'd give this zero stars if that were an option .
 hermit crabs need at least a ten gallon enclosure with proper humidity , i personally have a twenty gallon tank for my hermit crabs , filled with toys and two water dishes -LRB- one for saltwater and one for freshwater -RRB- i understand that you may think this is a very cute crabitat , but your crabs will not be very healthy because there are so many things crabs need that you can not have in such a small envirement . please do not buy this product , it is not good for your pets .
 my husband and 9 year-old daughter got this at hobby lobby with a gift card she got for her birthday . well , the `` free '' crab was more of a rip-off , you are required to pay an excess of $ 10 for shipping and handling . we ended up buying two crabs at petsmart for 5.99 a piece . unfortunatly , one died but we were given a replacement . to make a long story short , the replacement is now named hudini . he was able to get the lid off the cage and escape . luckily , he did n't get far and was able to be found quickly . the entire container -LRB- calling a cage is way too generous -RRB- is made of out thin , plyable plastic . even the base is flimsy . it is rather pathetic . do not buy . spend the extra and get the good stuff !
 This is a very improper enclosure for a hermit crab of any size . Even the smallest hermit crabs require a ten gallon tank at the least . Also , a hermit crab requires at the minimum 70 % relative humidity to live , and there is no way to keep the humidity in . If you are thinking about buying this , it is just as cheap to go get a ten gallon tank , and then go find a glass lid to keep the humidity in . If you do not realize that this is not any way to keep your hermies , then please do your research before purchasing your pet .
 I paid $ 10 for a 10 gallon glass tank at petco , and it makes a thousand times better home than this . This is cruel and hermit crabs can not live in such a horrible environment . They will die a slow and very painful death if they do n't drown in the inappropriate water dish provided first ! Over all this is not like a goldfish , hermit crabs require a very specific temp and humidity level as well as mental stimulation with toys and things to climb , along with weekly baths and daily cleaning of their sand and dishes , this cage would be cruel torture !
 We have researched and studied land hermit crabs biology , natural history and care and keeping for over 16 years and I can tell you this is NOT something that a responsible pet owner would even think of getting . There is no way to keep the humidity or temperature withing the proper ranges ! 75 % -85 % relative humidity and 76-82 degrees F and also there is NOT enough space for even one crab in there they need at least 2 gallons of tank space per crab ! Plus they are also known as tree crabs this provided no climbing are for them.The very smallest accpetable space for 1-5 land hermit crabs is a 10 Gallon glass tank with lid and lights ! They need 4inches of play sand or moist coco-fiber in which to dig and burry , they must have the temp and humdity within range or they will die ! They do not ahve lungs but modified gills!PLease PLease Do what is right and just and do not purchase this gimmick !!! Here is our site ... -LSB- ... -RSB- and our educational forums about proper care and keeping of land hermit crabs . . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is n't a hermit crab habitat . It is an abusive , hermit crab torture chamber . Without proper humidity control the crab 's gills -LRB- no lungs -RRB- dry out and the crab has difficulty breathing . These animals can live over 30 years , but a crab is unlikely to last even 6 months in this home.In order to grow , a hermit crab burrows into the ground , makes a little cave , sheds its exoskeleton , regains its strength , and returns to the surface . Why get a pet if you do n't care enough about it to provide its basic needs ?
 My son received one for his birthday , it is cheap and flimsy . I do n't think it will last . Also , you have to pay extra to get the crab , it is not worth the trouble .
 hi ! we bought my 6 yr.old son 2 hermit crabs at the mall , `` they are really easy to take care of ! '' , said the sales man . they came with a plastic critter cage . the cage similar to the one sold here . I asked the salesman about their care . & he didnt give me enough detailed info . once home , with them , in their ill suited cage , i did research on the web . they do need a glass terrarium with glass lid , perfect humidity , & temp. , also a heater , etc. these are not throw away pets.They need to be bathed weekly , fed daily , given salt H20 & drinking H2O . ETC. !!! they are fun , with the proper equipment . my kids DO love them . just get them WHAT THEY NEED . -LRB- NOT THIS -RRB- poor little guys .
 Hey , I 'm here to tell you that this product is not worth your time or money . This habitat is cruel for a hermit crab , let alone anuthing else . The material is extremely flimsy and it is not a proper enviroment for you pet . Many people think that to take care of a hermit crab , all you have to do is put them in the tank and let them be . Those people are wrong ; you need to have toys and proper materials for your pet to climb on and simulate it 's natural enviroment . Additionally , a hermit crab needs proper humidity temperatures , this cage does not do this and your hermit crab will die since it needs humidity to breathe . Furthormore , you have to pay extra to recieve a crab . it is much easier just to go to Petsmart or Petco and buy a ten gallon tank for 10 dollars , the crab for a small amount , sand and toys . In all , this product is not fit for any animal and not worth the money it costs . Please rethink you purchase and save the life of an animal , even if it is just a hermit crab.Thank you for you time !
 THIS ... THING is the WORST possible place for a hermit crab to live . here are some bad points :1 . it 's SUPER FLIMSY2 . you have to PAY EXTRA to have hermit crabs SHIPPED to your house -LRB- i do n't need to waste my time telling you all the bad points about THAT ! -RRB- 3 . it 's awful ! it ca n't retain humidity -LRB- hermit crabs need humidity to BREATHE ! -RRB- hermit crabs need a LOT more than this dreadful death trap can even BEGIN to offer ! DO NOT BUY THIS !!!!!!! thank you : -RRB-
 A little research goes a long way . First and foremost , you will need an appropriate sized home , with temperature and humidity guages , a heat source , dishes for dechlorinated and salt water , a food dish , structures for climbing and hiding , and enough substrate for your crabs to bury themselves for molting . They are great pets but not as simple to care for as you may have been led to believe . As you should do before getting any pet , spend some time reading up on their proper care . It 's well worth the effort - I 'm fairly new to hermit crab keeping -LRB- about a year now -RRB- but I find them to be thoroughly enjoyable .
 I do not keep hermit crabs , but I know their care requirements and that this is cruel . I am highly dissapointed with uncle milton for the killing of so many animals . All their animal keeping kits do not have what the animal needs .
 You can make this game yourself by using picture flashcards -LRB- the type that teaches alphabets using letters or pictures -RRB- or memory cards with different pictures . It was n't worth $ 10 . Only having 10 pictures makes it too easy for anyone other than very young children .
 My one year old received this as a gift for his birthday . But 5 min after opening the box , the magnet came off one gear and within the next 2-3 days , the magnets started falling off all the gears . I called the company twice , because the moment I started talking , they hung up . Then I called again and asked not to hang up , finally they agreed and sent me a shipping label for replacement , but as another customer has pointed out , there was no guarantee that the new set would not have such cheap magnets . So I never sent for the replacement , instead put a scotch tape on the magnet and stuck it to the gears and they seem to be working . I have regualr magnets the same size for use on fridge , but they never came off in the last 4 years . This is a highly priced toy for a very cheap quality item . The gears are so light weight that they keep falling with just a touch , not much fun for my little one . My 6 year old enjoyed it for a day or two . Also the motor does not move very well . Overall you would be better off buying some other type of magnetic gears than spending so much money on this product.For anyone wishing to contact the company , the Computer Gear Inc ph #
 I bought two of these toys last week and I love the design and educational value of this toy . But the magnets wont stay on the back of the gears I called the company and they would not guarantee me that if they sent me out a new box that those magnets would stay on ether.The magnets are a chocking hazard for younger children .
 My son really loves gears and magnets so I thought this would be a sure thing . We put these up and they are neat and the concept is good . It just really stinks that the stickers do n't adhere very well and fall off . So you will walk in the room and find them stuck to your hardwood floor etc. . And then if you have a baby like me , he picks the stickers off of the floor and tries to eat them . Needless to say , I 'm not impressed
 I can not begin to describe how disappointing this toy was . Out of the box , some of the magnets had already fallen off of the gears . When you put the gears together , they push each other apart rather than turning each other . Poorly constructed , I guess , is a description for it .
 I am constantly amazed at my daughter 's ability to place these on the refrigerator and have them in a working pattern . We have n't had any trouble with the drive gear being able to turn all the gears as long as she has n't created a design that binds up . Unfortunately , we have the same problem as a lot of other people where the gears periodically fall off of the magnets . Once I stick them back on , they are good for a few days but then fall off again . The instructions do n't have any contact or warranty information for this product .
 I liked this toy . At first . The problem is that I have to keep on repairing it . The magnets keep falling off ... or , rather , the gears fall off onto the floor . Sometimes in the middle of the night
 This toy is very frustrating because the magnets keep falling off . I had to tape the magnets to the gears because when I tried to glue them , the glue leaked through holes in the gears and made them stop moving . The stickers that you put on the gears are also very poor quality . Out of all my gears , only one still has the sticker on it . It 's very unfortunate because I think this is a cool idea and could be a lot of fun for kids and grown-ups . It 's too bad that the company who makes this does n't feel like quality is important .
 We bought this toy for our 3 year old Grandson because he loves magnets and some old gear style toys that came with a kids meal from a fast food place . We thought these would be great for him . Although he enjoys them , there are several problems . The main gear that runs them all from a battery powered motor is n't strong enough to move the gears well . The more gears you add on to the design , the slower they get . What does n't help this problem is that the magnets are not strong enough and as the gears turn , the magnet slides right out of your design . Our Grandson still plays with the toy , but because of these issues , it does n't keep his attention for long . We are always `` fixing '' the design to keep it working . I think the idea for the toy is great , it just has a lot of room for improvement .
 The magnets are very weak and does not attach well to the fridgeduring normal operation the small friction caused by the gear is enough to move the magnet from their place , which disconnect them from the motorVery disappointing !
 I say that this toy is fun and educational , but the magnets do n't stay glued on to the gears ! How much fun can you have and how much learning can take place when you ca n't even play with the toy ? My son got this for Xmas '05 and the magnets fell off immediately . I 'm to my wit 's end and would like to contact the company , but all the paperwork went out with the Xmas trash ! If anyone knows how to contact Can You Imagine , Corp , please let me know !
 My son received these gears as a birthday gift last year . Like so many other reviews I 've read , once we put them up on the refrigerator , the magnets started falling off and gears started dropping to the floor one by one . Within a week , we had no gears left . I did n't bother gluing or taping the magnets back on ; I simply threw them in the trash . It does n't sound like the customer service department has been very helpful with replacements from reading the other reviews on this product . Do n't waste your money -- these gears are junk ! I have found the Learning Resources gears to be a much better choice -- my 5-year old son plays with these all the time !
 My 5 year old son loves playing with these gears - and it 's great to have a toy that is off the floor ! However , the magnets on the back constantly fall off and need to be re-glued to the back . It 's very annoying ! This would be an execellent toy if it was better made ...
 My son got this for Christmas and it looked great . Fun - until the magnets fell off VERY easily . It leaves marks all over the refrigerator when the gears are moved around which are exremely difficult to remove . They also slip alot and thus the designs do n't keep turning . Why manufacture a toy that breaks and mars when used precisely as directed ?
 These did n't work ! They take a small watch battery - and though I replaced it on one - it still did n't work .
 I was disappointed with this product in that it was marketed as a new product but it was preused . That in itself would not have bothered me at all because the product was lightly used and in fairly good condition and I was giving it to my son for a birthday present . Please note though that the stickers on this product were all put on backwards . No , I do n't mean backwards on the stand , I mean backwards on the incorrect color for the army that they represent . The red pieces are supposed to represent the good army and the blue pieces are supposed to represent the evil White Witch 's army , but this game arrived already stickered in reverse of that . This makes Playing Instructions and the Special Powers Instructions confusing as pieces are referred to by their color . Playing the game can still be done , it is just quite confusing for the first two or three times or any time you are teaching someone new and you need to refer to the Instructions . I would have been embarrassed to have gifted this to someone outside of my immediate family , thinking that it was new and then having it be opened under the shrink wrap to find it preused and mislabeled . I went to have it replaced on Amazon only to see that it was not replaceable , only refundable . My son decided to keep the mislabeled game rather than not have it at all . The game plays well once you get used to thinking Red when the instructions say Blue and vice a versa . I am giving the game play a 4 star , but overall a 1 star because of the deception in marketing without the ability to correct the error with a replacement product .
 Quite a shameful gmmicky thing this is . Does not work as advertised and utterly wasted .
 My 6-year old grandson loves to play spy so I thought this would be a neat toy for him . However it is definitely not worth the $ 11.00 I spent for it . The only way you really get any effects from the Micro Agent Listener is to speak right into the phone part , then it sounds louder . It 's advertised that you can hold the phone around a corner and hear what others are saying . It just does n't work that way . I would not advise anyone to buy this .
 Please note that this is not a toy and only made for train sets . I was not aware of how small the item would be and that it was for a train set . The two that I purchased were also broken . I purchased two for my nephews for Christmas and will have to return them as they can not play with them . Very disappointed that it was made clear .
 The DVD version of Candyland is significantly more expensive than the traditional board game , and it is not worth the money . While my children -LRB- 5 and 3 1/2 -RRB- do enjoying playing the game they are frustrated that the games are the same everytime . There are three games to play on the dvd , but they are not random in nature . The `` gumballs '' , moves , and character narrative are identical every time you play . After only two days of play my children could tell you what was coming next in each game . I purchased this game because my son has difficulty sitting still for a board game , but loves games requiring physical interaction . I wanted a game that would utilize directions for him to follow and this game does do that , however I could have gotten the same result by playing `` simon says '' with him myself and saved the $ 30 .
 The idea behind The Candyland DVD is great . However , a moron designed it . Your children can not do this game alone and will get bored halfway through . A parent or older child has to press the ` enter ' key on the remote every 90 seconds or so . So you ca n't even run to the bathroom , take a phone call , or get dinner started while your kids are playing the game.There are also lots of annoying segments throughout the game that have nothing to do with the game . For instance , `` Lord Licorice '' makes an appearance occasionally to bother the host , but my kids just stand there staring at him wondering when they can play again.If you are looking for an activity your kids can do by themselves or with minimal parental involvement , this is not the game to buy ! Or if your kids are used to more high-energy , fast action games , this is not for them !
 I bought this game for my 3yr old daughters as a birthday present -LRB- Dec -RRB- thinking they could get some physical activity while indoors on these cold winter days w / a fun game . NOT WORTH IT ! As other reviewers have mentioned , you first have to sit through at least 5 minutes of promos that you ca n't fast forward through . The games move much too slowly and you have to constantly press the remote for them to continue . My daughters and I got bored very quickly . Save yourself some money , make your own colored squares and play Simon Says and other color games with your children .
 I agree with the people who say the pace is too slow and the controls are terrible . You can never skip ahead , even if you decide to play a different game within the dvd - you 're forced to wait through the entire game cycle . And trust me , kids will often want to bail out on a game before it 's finished , because they 're just not much fun . The board game version is ten times better .
 I asked my mother to get the DVD Candyland for my 2 1/2 year old daughter for Christmas . I thought she and my older daughter -LRB- 5 years old -RRB- could have some fun physically acting out the game . Little did I know how boring and repetitive it actually is . The characters spend too much time talking , explaining things , and waiting for someone -LRB- usually me -RRB- to push a button on the remote to move things along . I wish I had asked for the basic boardgame .
 my kids actually enjoy playing this game but I find it so annoying I encourage them to do something else . you have to use the remote far too often , and our DVD player is situated above the TV so the kids holding the remote does n't work . If you want a game like this , try Hullaballoo , by Cranium . Same idea and so much more fun .
 The underlying games could be fun , but the pacing and DVD controls are terrible . You 're forced to wait for 5 min of commercials at the start and you ca n't fast-forward -LRB- FF -RRB- or skip them . In the games , the characters talk too long and you ca n't FF there as well . An adult has to sit there to press the right remote key every two minutes . My kids , 2 and 4 , liked the game at first but got bored in 10 min because the pacing is so bad . Very disappointing , especially for the high price .
 We returned it to the store today . The commercials and pacing of the DVD was just way too long for our 3 1/2 year old . I planned on playing this with him and hoping we could both get some exercise but we did a lot of standing and waiting for the next thing to occur . Quite annoying in that respect . This would be an AWESOME game if you could have a little control over the speed , rewind , fast forward , etc. . This might work for you and your family but for us it just was n't a good fit .
 this game looks like fun but I do n't want 10 four year olds in my living room bouncing around like there 's no tomorrow around my furniture .
 The description of this item did not give dimensions , so I tried to judge by the little flower pots in the picture . I figured that the wagon would be about as big as the two smallest flower pots I have seen . Well , when it arrived I was baffled . Those flower pots must have been from a doll house . The actual item is about 1 inch but 2.5 inches . I was very disappointed . I paid the price of $ 7 -LRB- I notice it is now $ 3.50 , a more appropriate price since it is about the size of a match box car -RRB- , and then paid almost $ 10 in shipping . If I send it back I 'm sure I 'm still on the hook for the shipping PLUS a 20 % restocking fee . I would not order this item unless I wanted it for a doll house . I wanted it for a display -LRB- not a ride on toy -RRB- for which it is absurdly undersized .
 This truly is a mini wagon and it does n't look anything like the photo . The dimensions are n't accurate - it 's only about 6 inches long - NOT 16 inches . It ca n't be pulled around by a child . `` America 's Promise '' - not `` Radio Flyer '' is printed on the side .
 When browsing for Radio Flyer Little Red Wagons - this picture appeared ... . I was pleased ... I wanted these for my daughters bridal shower theme ... . I received the wagons was very excited because the shipment box clearly states Radio Flyer with the logo ... . then to open the package and see America 's Promise ... . What is up with this ??? Emailed the contact and will waiting for response ... . INITIAL DISAPPOINTMENT ...
 This is a good collectors item for young girls . The line provides one of these for birth , each birthday and marriage . This is not a toy . It is a traditional gift for grand daughters and a good buy . If Amazon listed it as a traditional collectors item I would rate it a five in every category .
 Little is the right word . The reviews of this toy were either wrong or misleading . One person spoke of their child pulling his toys around in it . This wagon is only about 6 inches long . The only thing you could pull would be a hot wheel car !! There were no dimensions on the description . Very disappointed . I ordered an 18 inch one from Buddy L for less money !
 We should have stopped the game the minute we opened the box and attempted to read the muddled instructions . There really is no point to the game . In addition it is incredibly confusing , to both the children and adults . Honestly , this could possibly be the absolute worst choice of any board game available on this site .
 This product should not be in your home , one little drop will spread and STAIN .
 like there is no difference between normal uno and harry potter uno . they are both pretty boring too . it is very durable though i threw them in a lake and nothing happened to them . They float too . They have been in the lake for a year now and you can still see all the pictures . now that is quality . too bad the game was horrible .
 If you were nailing or gluing the base to something , then they would be fine . I had to glue large washers to the base to keep them from toppling over all the time . They need a wider base to be stable , especially on carpet .
 I bought the v-smile . Than the motion and now this xmas -LRB- 09 -RRB- I bought the flash as she is getting older I thought the motion games were just too easy now.I liked that the system protects the discs , can play music , ear phone jack etc.The system came with one game but I thought I would buy another so she would have a little choice . She tried out the game it came with and had a lot more fun with that than the Incredibles one . She loved the movie , loves the charaters , but it moves slowly and was hard for her to understand what to do when . The create your own super hero thing honestly looks like a joke.For the very first time I am actually let down . I love the V Tech stuff . Been buying for 8 years now ... but this game was not worth the money I spent on it or the look of frustration and disappointment from my daughter.I would suggest trying a different flash game and try for some better luck.If you can not keep the kids interested , they will not pay attention , will not want to play and so how is it educational anymore ? It is nothing if they do not want to play it .
 The landing skids are so weak and break easily . The tips of the upper and lower main blades need to be strengthened for redesign .
 My Dad & I bought two of these CX2 's . + Flies stable right out of the box + Easy to learn to control if you 've flown RC planes or have experience in the RC world - Do n't bother flying it outside unless you have 0.0 mph wind . - VERY FRAGILE !!! Do n't make a mistake or it will break . - Once it breaks , it will start getting harder and harder to stabilize until you spend half your flying time trying to trim it . - 10 minutes flying time per battery . It takes a lot of recharges to get good.This is NOT a toy and is not durable . One mild crash , and you will see blades or landing gear flying off , which will need to be replaced.Your best bet is using a PC training simulator and logging 5 hours with the sim before taking this to the air . Even so , do NOT get close to walls or take risks or you will be spending HOURS trying to fix the heli and get it trimmed again.If you love to tinker more than fly , get this heli , otherwise ... __________ If you want a stable , durable heli for a large living room , get the Micro CX . My Dad and I each have one and have crashed dozens of times , and they have not broken yet -LRB- although they do become more unstable -RRB- . An order of magnitude more fun than the CX2 .
 First let me say I believe that this BLADE CX2 does seem to be a superior product to all the bargain priced models out there , and it should be for the price they charge . And I 'm sure if you get one that actually was `` factory tested '' and adjusted as they claim , you 'll enjoy it . However my heli had problems from first flight . It had a serious problem from the start where the nose of the helicopter rotated clockwise and the trim control did nothing to correct it . After reading blogs on the internet , this is a COMMON problem with this model . I wrote to customer service -LRB- since 45 minutes holding on the phone produced no results -RRB- . 5 days later , I get a response telling me to adjust the proportional screw inside the heli clockwise and that should correct the problem . I turned the adjustment screw 1/4 turn and tried the heli again . It then tracked backwards , which was worse than the previous problem . I then read the manual which mentions turning the adjustment screw counterclockwise for this problem and again it did the same annoying thing . I then called on the phone , and got no one to answer so I left my phone number . 3 hours later they tell me that these type of problems ca n't be fixed over the phone , and I should take the heli to a local hobby shop for help . Well , that 's a big problem , because I did n't buy it there , I bought it online . I am now returning it to Amazon.com for a refund since I got no satisfaction from Horizon Hobby . This helicopter could not have been factory tested or they would have discovered this problem ! RTF ??? I do n't think so .
 Although it is advertised as great for beginner it is n't . I had been flying rc planes for years and wanted to try heli . Local hobby shop said this would be great . The CX2 should NOT have been my first heli . Too expensiveget a cheap little micro indoor syma first . Teaches the basics WAAAY better than crash , burn , order parts , wait , try to fix , and repeat .
 - Very poor response when turned on power on power to have main rotor spun up.-Not stable during flight as related .
 When I purchased the CX2 I was told it was very stable . However I could never get it to hover . It would always slide off onto a different direction every time . My Flt Controller had trim knobs which needed to be in 100 % trim . Unfortunately there was never enough trim left over to actually trim it into a stable vertical hover . I was expecting to have trim knobs in a near neutral position but when it was never enough , there was no controlling it . $ 200 dollars is a lot of money to me and I expected value for my money of which I received none . I have been looking at other hellos and people are recommending the Blade 400 -LRB- $ 475 -RRB- but based on the quality of its smaller cousin , I will not buy it . You would think that you could add gyros so that you get true stable flight . I dont need a arobatic zip here and there Helo . I just want one that has great quality that 's worth the money .
 Bought this for my 14-year old son . Little did we know that the controls were jammed to the &#34; ON &#34; position the first time we flew it so it crashed in seconds . Blades broken so I promptly called the manufacturer and ordered new blades -- another $ 15 . After they arrived we repaired and VERY CAREFULLY attempted flight # 2 . The controls operated backwards so immediately when we tried to &#34; decrease &#34; the power it &#34; increased , &#34; resulting in another crash and broken components . Stuffed it into the box -LRB- with my deeply disappointed son at my side -RRB- and sent it back . Time will tell if they refund me anything or not .
 my wife purchased this heli for me for christmas , the told her at the store it was pretty much unbreakable , first flight broken lower rotor , second flight broken body rear , third flight broken body nose , bent stablizer bar , busted battery holder , long story short this heli it made to break everytime you land harder then a feather.Im a long time rc racer , donot understand why the heli body is not made of lexan which would not break when you touch it.seems to me like it was designed to break to sell replacement parts
 I have owned , and flown , many different types of RC Helis . Everything from micros to expert 450 's . I bought the Blade CX2 thinking it would be a good indoor/outdoor flyer of medium size to take with on trips . With a number of accessories and parts , I paid $ 300 for it . Unfortunately , it has turned out to be real garbage . As an experienced RC heli owner , I know how to work on these and I have spent close to 3 weeks trying to get it to fly decently . Changed out a number of parts and adjusted the electronics to every possible combination . Nothing has worked and I have come to the conclusion that the Blade CX2 is just a real low-quality , poor product . Sad but I have $ 25 IR micros that fly 10 times better than this thing . Bottomline , do not waste your money on a Blade !
 Having done a lot of research on micro rc helicopters , I chose the E-Flite Blade CX2 RTF . Reviews claimed it was easy and fun to fly , both inside and outdoors . I carefully read the manual , viewed the instructional video that came with the machine , made all the suggested pre-flight checks and readied myself for a day of fun . Unfortunately , as the heli was just approaching lift-off , it began spinning madly and fell over . Dismayed , but not daunted , I reset and rechecked everything , thinking I 'd overlooked something simple . Tried again and again with the same result . Gave up and requested a return from Amazon . Not sure what tack to take at this point .
 We were all thrilled with this , from the 3 yr old to the adults . It glided magically over the wood floors as if our entire house were an air hockey court . However , it broke after less than a half hour of use when a kid pushed it into a wall . It was so much fun that I 'd like to get another , but it 's really not durable enough for children to use , and it would n't hold adults ' attention for too long . It certainly is not durable enough to `` Kick It Stick It '' .
 This toy was a terrible choice ! We 're lucky it did n't start a fire in our house on Christmas Day ! The motor did n't work and stuck , so it was straining to work , which we did n't even know . It did n't seem to be doing ANYTHING . Later on , we smelled something hot , and it was the Kick It Stick It motor ! To top it off , no one wants to make good on this sale . I have written emails and have gotten to response ! What a piece of junk ! And what poor business ethics !
 Was not what I expectedf , maybe did n't read description thoroughly ; expect more of a craft but instead it is just ribbons that are slipped onto a plastic headband .
 I ran a search on Amazon for the Aqua Doodle mat and this came up in the search . It was a decent price and my daughter loves Dora so I ordered it . I guess I did n't read the description , this is not like the Aqua Doodle . You draw on this mat with the enclosed marker then you have to throw it in the washing machine to get the marker off - what ??? Someone who does n't have kids must have invented this one , as if I do n't have enough laundry to do !
 I poured the bubble solution into his mouth and it went straight down the toy , through the battery compartment and within seconds I felt the solution dripping onto my legs . I tried many different ways to pour the solution in -- slowly , quickly , a small amount , a large amount -- and I got the same results every time . It never blew one single bubble . Any plastic , battery-operated toy into which you must pour a liquid solution is simply one big design flaw . Stick to the bubble blowers where you pour the solution into an exterior reservoir of some sort .
 My in-laws purchased this product for my niece . They opened it , poured in the bubbles , which took two adults to do , and the liquid went straight through Nemo and soaked Grandpa and my niece . This product has a terrible design . No one should buy this toy . They will be very disappointed .
 This toy is so cute and a cute idea , but it leaks like crazy ! We have a few , not just Nemo , and they are all the same ! We are so happy with the stand alone bubble machines ! Karima Mohamed
 Ca n't believe they are still making this toy after all the miserable reviews going back for years . This is awful . Leaks and does n't blow bubbles well at all . My 3 year wound up in tears becasue she could n't get it to work , even with my help .
 I bought this for my toddler and it was awful ! First , the solution spills if you do n't keep the Gazzler straight -LRB- which makes no sense if it 's a toy for a child -RRB- . Secondly , the toy itself stop working -LRB- broke -RRB- after a week -LRB- Used only twice , for not more than 30 min total -RRB- ... Not worth the money at all !
 When we received this in the mail it was clear it had already been open and used . They just put it back in the box and taped it shut . So they new they were selling a damaged product . It was my sons birthday and this is what he really wanted so I couldnt return it.We just dont put bubbles in it . He pretends.Otherwise the bubbles leak all the way down your arm .
 When I opened the box was really disappointed by :1 . The finish of the game , not visible in parts really showed poor product quality2 . Were several broken pieces -LRB- some very damaged relamente -RRB- 3 . In some cases it is very uncomfortable its armed -LRB- the goals ejm . place with screws so small it is torture -RRB-
 Great design for smaller kids . The right size is crucial for the weight of your child . Santa purchased this for my son -LRB- shipment arrived before we did at Grandma 's house - no time to correct errors -RRB- so when the packaging showed a size larger than we ordered , there was some disappointment for him on Christmas Day and major disappointment for us .
 I purchased three Geospace Jumparoo Anti-Gravity Pogos as an Easter gift , one rated 33-66 lbs.Geospace Jumparoo Anti-Gravity Pogo , SML-riders 33-66 Lbsfor my daughter -LRB- 5 years old -RRB- , and two rated 66-132 lbs.Geospace Jumparoo Anti-Gravity Pogo , MED-riders 66-132 Lbsfor the daughters -LRB- 7 and 9 years old -RRB- of close friends . I ordered them on amazon.com because ... Complaint # 1
 In three easy little words the best way to describe this toy is , it 's too small . I bought this for my one year old and he is already too big for it , as well as we have another rocking horse for my 2 1/2 year old son and it drawfs this one . We are disappointed , it is simply too small .
 My 18 month old daughter loved this rocking horse . Then , during one of her rides , the horse flipped over frontwards and my toddler landed on her head and neck . In my opinion , the rockers on the horse are not designed properly if an 18 month old rider can cause the horse to flip over . The horse was assembled properly and my daughter was being supervised at the time of her `` riding accident . '' This was one of our favorite toys , but after seeing how she fell , I feel that she could have really been hurt . So , unfortunately , we are going to have to put this horse down -- as a riding toy , the wheels do n't cut it . When I put the wheels down , my daughter just gets frustrated that she ca n't get the horse to rock anymore .
 This game clock -LRB- I bought two -RRB- is very user-unfriendly , but you do n't have to worry about that , because they do n't work for long . I bought new batteries for each after some of the digital display characters started not to show up . It was n't the batteries , so I pressed the reset button in the back . Now barely any of the characters show up on the display , making them illegible . Now I 'm the proud owner of two unusable game clocks that I tried to save money on . Oh well ... made in China , I guess I deserve it .
 They do not work . We tried these in 2 different sizes , with children and adults of varying weights . The only thing anti-gravity about them is that they make you taller . A huge Christmas disappointment .
 The dog is very cute , but that is about it . First , it calls for `` D '' batteries on the box as well as on the battery compartment ; however , when you open up the case it holds only `` AA '' batteries . After inserting batteries he breathed once and then stopped . He still does n't breathe regularly but will occassionally when my husband hits him in the correct spot . If my daughter did n't like the animal so much I would return it .
 When the Amazon provider decided , after 10 days , that they did n't actually have this item in stock , I had to reorder it elsewhere . The item is very disappointing . The breathing motion is hardly noticable , and the `` Snoozing sounds '' are just the constant drone of the tiny motion motor . Yes , it 's cute , but it 's really nothing more than a plush knick-knack .
 Two objections :1 -RRB- This toy is unsafe .2 -RRB- Candy needs no extra promotion for children.Giving small children toy candy that 's a choking hazard does not make sense.Obviously these pretend confections will be popped in many mouths.With so many more appropriate things in the world they could play with , sort , or learn from , stimulating interest in candy at all is not doing kids any favors .
 I received this as a gift for my daughter . Once opened , I was repulsed on how much of that -LRB- STRONG -RRB- plastic toxic smell was emitted . I then tried to let the chocolates de-gas outside , for about three days . No luck with the toxic smell leaving . I had no choice but to throw it out . HIGHLY disappointed .
 I sent this back as soon as I received it . I love the concept and the toy itself , but upon opening it , there was a very strong fake plastic and chemical smell that would n't dissipate , so I sent it back .
 If you look at almost every review here , they will all mention the lid that does n't fit . But yet most of those people give it a 4 and 5 start review . I am sorry but a toy whose lid does not fit is a disaster . It falls down and falls apart , pieces get lost , kids get aggravated , etc. ... The idea is adorable . It is learning -LRB- colors , shapes , counting , matching -RRB- until about the age of 3 and then can be used as pretend play . So this toy has the potential to be used for a long time . But calling Learning Resources - this item is discontinued and yeah , you guessed it - you are OUT OF LUCK . So ours stays in a large ziplock bag to avoid losing the chocolates and my daughter who is almost 3 is beyond annoyed that the lid DOES NOT FIT . So sorry folks , this is NOT a 5 or even a 3 start item if Learning Resources could n't even make a lid that locked in place , let alone even just stay closed . 2.5 stars
 This is a cute little toy , but maybe I did n't read the right reviews . The little chocolates are just fun to play with , but the box does n't fit together so it 's really hard to store . You ca n't put half of the candy tops on the candies and still close the little heart container , it 's really inconvienient to store and keep together , easy to loose the parts , too bad , but I would n't recommend this toy to anyone .
 What a beautiful puzzle -- simply gorgeous . But almost impossible to put together for several reasons . The box does not give a clear picture of the true shape of the puzzle . The edge pieces actually have a cream-colored border on some of them that does not show on the photograph . The pieces are cut into various sizes -LRB- some way too tiny -RRB- which makes an already confusing process even more confusing and the colors of the pieces differ from the colors of the photograph . There are also many pices that are just straight-edged all around and you have no way of knowing where they might fit into the puzzle . What a shame . Like the last reviewer , I am on the verge of giving up .
 I had left negative feedback prior to this . It is obvious the seller changed the title to a new name so that my negative review could not be seen.They misrepresent the number of creatures given . When I ordered them , I was disappointed to only receive the dog . I thought you get all four.With all their animals , they only need to specify that you get one , not the whole group . Not doing this is deceiving the customer .
 I had higher hopes for this toy , but our 14-month old twins are n't all that interested in it . They do pick it up and play with it -LRB- like a bat -RRB- , but I think that is actually somewhat dangerous . I 'm putting it away until they are a little older , hoping it will be more interesting then . Right now they do n't really grasp the idea of holding it to the floor and pushing it .
 The stamp set was not delivered by Christmas as indicated when I ordered it . A little girl will be very disappointed !
 I bought this set about a year ago , and already the ink in the stamp pad is dry -LRB- I 've kept it closed and hardly used it , so I attribute it to quality -RRB- . The colored pencils are pretty much useless -LRB- they barely write -RRB- , and the stickers are tiny and only one sheet -LRB- of 12 , I think ? -RRB- . There are n't even enough stickers to give to every student in a typical classroom!The rubber stamps are high quality , but geared for younger children ... which is why I 'm confused about the `` frowny face , '' because most teachers of young children know that drawing frown faces on children 's papers is not best practices -LRB- it 's not constructive -RRB- . If you buy this set , you need to ask yourself if four or five decent , cute stamps are worth your money - the rest of the set is pretty much useless , and you will have to buy a new inkpad soon .
 The price seemed too good to be true and it was . Is this a toy ? I thought it was going to be a working set of stamps with a stamp pad . The stamp pad was too dry and I could not get any ink on the stamp . I added a couple Tablespoons of water to the stamp pad . I attempted to put a stamp on a student paper , but it merely made a small blotch of watery ink . It was impossible to see a smiley face on the paper.At this point , I will tell you this set is not worth buying if you are a teacher . The stamps worked a little better on a good ink pad I purchsed separately , but I still would n't waste my time trying to use them to create legible stamps on 50 student papers .
 I 'm sorry to say that I was very disappointed in this product . There are so many things that can be done to your wheels to speed them up , and almost all of them require a wheel mandrel . The screw that holds the wheel in place stripped out after it 's 3rd use !! -LRB- with many more uses still to go ! -RRB- Luckily , I was able to get a replacement screw at my local hardware store in time to finish the wheel-tuning before the race . For a few extra bux , I 'll be getting the Pro-Wheel Mandrel from Derby Worx for my son 's next race .
 Got it for my kids for Christmas . Litterally lasted a day . Should have just gotted a stearing wheel for my Xbox . The graphics on this are old school .
 This game was not at all what I expected . The steering wheel and pedals are just for looks . You actually have to control the game with arrow buttons on the steering wheel . And many of the games had nothing to do with driving . So glad I opened it to try it before Christmas morning . This is one toy that is headed back to the store .
 My son received this from his grandma who orders everything online . The original game did n't work , screen was pixelated & sound was distorted , second one was n't much better . Maybe it 's because they already have a Wii & Ds systems , but neither of my kids -LRB- 5 & 11 -RRB- were interested in the games . When you sit down to a toy that looks like it 's suped up racing & most of it is just for looks-it 's kind of disappointing . NOT worth the money or time to put it together . Pass on this toy !!
 I have bought 2 of these toys now . The first I bought and my son loved it to death . It inexplicably broke a few months later . There was no sound and the screen was a garbled mess . I finally went out and bought a new one for him . He got very excited until I assembled it and plugged it in and just got the lack of sound and garbled screen . It 's a great toy when it works , but it breaks too easily for me to recommend .
 Bought this as a gift for my nephew . My B-i-L tried setting it up , but said it did n't work . I assumed he had it hooked up wrong , but there is n't anything to mess up ! I tried it at my place and saw what he meant . The start up screen came up , but nothing happened . I am an engineer with a mechanical and electrical background and a penchant for electronic gadgets . He is an armed forces comm officer and has a masters in IT . I do n't think this was operator error .
 It was the original product . Slow to arrive item only cost 2.99 but shipping was 4.49 for the small light weight item . I could have bought it in a store cheeper , shipping was a rip off .
 It was just a poorly made toy , the fire was broken off by the time it arrived , and it was a birthday gift that was needed right away so there was no time to return it . It did n't glue back together for long no matter what type glue I used . I did report it and got another but it broke almost as soon as he started playing with it . So not a good toy for a little 8 yr old wanting to play kings and dragons .
 The puzzle came properly sealed . It took myself and my family about 4 days to complete and is a beautiful puzzle . We found it challenging but not at all frustrating . The first problem we noticed however was that the cut was off - where there was suppose to be white border , sometimes was cut into the picture . At the end , there was one missing piece and two duplicate pieces . If there were only a missing piece maybe I could assume we somehow lost it ... but since there were extra pieces and a bad border I think its obvious we got stuck with a `` lemon '' of sorts . I am returning it for a refund .
 Not my favorite puzzle . The image is n't as crisp as it should be , the colors are all very similiar , and after four days of puzzling I only had the border done . Too hard due to the similiar colors and lack of crispness .
 As stated before the picture is not crisp at all . usually I can see bits of the pictures in the puzzle pieces but with this one is a fuzzy mess . Also the puzzle is n't aligned correctly so in some places there is tons of white boarder and in others the picture is cut off . Not sure if I 'll even try to finish this one .
 the shipping for just 1 is almost $ 8.00 it 's cute , but $ 30 is ridiculous
 I thought the colors would be more real and did not . This brand of puzzle I like it because the parts are big , thick and nicely assembled
 The picture on the outside of the box is slightly different than the actual puzzle . Very frustrating . Love the picture not sure if I am patient enough to ever finish . Very small pieces .
 The can SHOULD feel like it has jelly beans in it -- it should have a rattle to it , orat the very least feel heavy . Instead , it feel completely empty . You 're not going tofool a lot of people into opening it .
 THIS IS PRETTY MUCH A TERRIBLE PRODUCT . VERY CHEAP AND THE MICROSCOPE HAS ZERO VISIBILTY AND FOCUS .
 This telescope did not work at all , my daughter was so disappointed . You could not see anything at all and the instructions are useless . How about they sell a product that may cost a little more but actually works . We feel like we got ripped off . The worst part is that the kids are so excited to get this item and then it does n't work . Either make a good one or do n't sell the item .
 I 'm not feeling this toy and neither is my 2-year-old . The pieces are on the small side and even with the most advanced fine motor skills , the pieces are hard for younger children to maneuver.There are also too many pieces to keep track of . My son uses the main characters to play with in the tub and that 's about it.Cute toy , just not practical or a favorite in my household .
 The quality is not so good . My daughter has had it for 2 months and already the top handle is breaking off . Otherwise it was cute .
 This game is great for the beginning Leapster enthusiast but the faster your child learns the more rapidly this game is left on the shelf .
 This style of kaleidoscope is fabulous ... this particular one is just too small . I buy them for gifts all the time , but can get them larger for the same or less money elsewhere , or even on Amazon from a different dealer .
 This is much tinier than the picture compared to the quarter . It makes me wonder if I did n't get a different item completely . The aperature is so tiny , our younger children ca n't use it . Also the slider than goes through it was bent -LRB- when we recieved it -RRB- . My daughter spent less than a minute playing with this before she threw it aside . We eventually went to the toy store and got the metal tubular type - and they absolutely love it .
 The image of the baby tad was different when I ordered . But when the shipment arrived after a long delay , it was not the one which was displayed . When I revisited amazon , they changed the image to current one . I wouldnt had ordered this baby tad , as I didnt like it.This one is not good as the other Baby Tad . Was a bad experience from amazon
 My husband and I play a lot of strategy games , from Settlers to Powergrid to Forbidden Island , etc. . I bought this game because it was relatively cheap and I was trying to expand our collection . It turned out to have far too many pieces and rules for game play . It took awhile to learn and play and by the end we were all just tired of playing . It might be more fun on future game plays , but only if we did n't play with anyone new.I 'd say the game is OK for the price , but not one I 'd necessarily recommend to others .
 First playing with wife , neither of us liked it.Not only does it lack in historical accuracy/flavor , but it seems to rely on the euro idea of complexity - just give lots and lots of decisions - whether they makesense in the context - and this somehow makes a game ` interesting ' . Anyhow , as with many games , I 'll be putting a video introduction , playthrough , and review all on my youtube site .
 I ordered this and no where does it say it comes with NO clothes of any kind or accessories . I ca n't find the snap on clothes anywhere and so what good is this thing without them . Very disappointed in this item and now I am stuck with it . Poor description of what is included .
 As one other reviewer mentioned , the description of this item is very poor and the additional product pictures are misleading -- I expected I would get a doll and some clothes when I received this item . Fortunately , my daughter is two and did n't complain too much on Christmas Day though I was absolutely fuming -LRB- mostly at myself for not checking it more thoroughly -RRB- . This product is sturdy and seems like it would be fun to play with - IF ANY STORES SOLD THE DOLLS OR CLOTHES . I 've done numerous web searches for Snap 'N Style products with no results ... I certainly did n't realize the accompanying dolls and clothes would be so hard to find ! The Fisher Price website claims more dolls will be available for sale on 2/15/07 ; maybe my daughter will be lucky enough to get some before her birthday at the end of February . : -LRB-
 There must be a science to it . When I iniitally tried it , it worked . However , when I tried it a second time it would not . When I rub my fingers for several minutes it finally worked . It smelly and it leaves a greasy residue on your fingers . This is a waste of time . Please do n't expect a cloud of smoke . If you blink you may miss it .
 This products stinks in more ways than one . We were excited for my son to use it because he loves magic tricks . All it did was produce a stinky , slimy , smelly mess . We could never produce smoke . Getting it off took a great deal of effort , and soap to remove . It has a strange odor and honestly I am not sure it could ever work if you love magic tricks . It went right in the trash . What a waste of $ 3.50 !
 When I first saw this I was like `` SWEET THATS GON NA ROCK '' ... Well I was wrong . it was ... well pretty stupid . See I thought it was gon na really make smoke -LRB- call me stupid lol -RRB- BUT really it just makes this flaky stuff fly all over the place and it smells like nasty old matches . its really sticky and its not good for a magic trick . dont waist your money on this .
 You guys got smoke ? I got what seemed to be a sort of spiderweb from my fingertips . My 5 year old son rolled his eyes and said `` Dad that 's terrible '' . He 's a smart kid , if he said it 's terrible then it probably is .
 there was no smoke and when you think there is you can not even see it
 do not buy this item it is so hard to get off your fingers and even if you get some smoke it stinks terrible
 this sucks.no smoke.leaves a mess.all i have to say is this is probably the worst product on Amazon.com do n't buy
 This product is horrible , It does n't wash off your fingers or hands , When i had tried to get a little of the substance out of the tube -LRB- with alot of pressure -RRB- , the bottom blew out and it started coming through the bottom of the tube , it also takes a while for the smoke to start appearing , you need alot of the substance on your fingers in order for a good affect , do n't get me wrong it looks cool but it 's a pain in the ass to get off , i was very disappointed .
 It arrived in good condition , and quickly , but smelled AWFUL , and stuck to my fingers until I washed them 7 times . It just looked like fuzzez in the air . I do n't recommend this , and think it is a waste of money . Overall , just a waste of 4 $ . Sincerly , Darrah R. Bortnick
 This mystic smoke crap works but leaves a very sticky residue on your hand that stinks n is hard to get off
 So disappointed . I can get behind sticky fingers or smelly fingers as long as SMOKE was being produced . It 's latex goo , and makes thin strings when you pull your fingers apart ... I am a sucker ...
 Do n't waste your time and money on this terrible product , if you do get this product do n't force it out because you might end up breaking the tube .
 I thought this was a spoof when I tried some if it while at a friends house . I picked it up like `` cool I wonder if this works '' I put some on my fingers and automatically assumed that the idea of `` mystic smoke '' was supposed to be a title alluring enough to get an unsuspecting victim to place some on their fingers and then have to walk around the rest of the day with their fingers smelling awful . apparently this stuff is n't a gag . its just really smelly .
 It did the smoke trick but it just looks like little sperms flying in the air . LMAO and once you run out of it on your fingers it leaves this residue that is all sticky and you litterly have to SCRUB your hands to get it off .
 I bought the item after watching a YouTube video of a girl just rubbing her fingers together and smoke appearing . In order for this product to work you have to snap your fingers like you are packing a lip . The smoke is a stringy substance not actual smoke . It smells horrible and once its on your fingers it is very hard to get off .
 The first time you open the product , you can already smell that awful &#34; burning tire &#34; smell . Then when you put it in your fingers , it feels thick and very sticky . The instructions tell you what to do . I followed them , and I did not detect any smoke . None . And when you try to wash it off , it does n't come off your skin . So not only is it sticky , smelly , and gross , it does n't even work . This is just a sticky piece of crap , and I do not recommend buying it .
 its a bit too chemical for my taste , and it seems to work only the once . and leaves a smell of burning tire on the fingers
 i agree with Elijah5585 , its all `` yay '' and fun by the look of the product but ... i bought it and it smells , its extremely sticky , and by making the `` smoke '' its like feather weight strings of the liquid that floats . i hope its not toxic , i got animals . Maybe i 'll put a video of it soon
 I bought this for my grandson because it is a cute wa to introduce him to books . But ... the plush material on the dragon comes off very easily . I was afraid he was going to swallow the stuff & it made a mighty mess ! We will stick to the cloth books for now . Gave it two stars because it is cute & he loved playing with it .
 When we received this mat in the mail , I was surprised to find that it was basically a piece of thin , folded-up card board . It was NOT flat when unfolded so it definitely interfered with game play . Piece o ' junk for sure .
 The interlocking cubes I received were packed well and delivered quickly.The cubes themselves would not interlock as they should , but when I emailed the company they quickly gave me a refund . I would use Wizard Math again due to the good communication .
 This puzzle is too hard ! We bring puzzles into work and do them as a group during lunches and breaks . It usually takes us about a month to complete a puzzle but this one is taking forever . The pieces are very small and misshaped . Pieces that look like edges are not and they are cut so odd . I was hoping to have this completed by Christmas so we could hang it as a decoration but we will be lucky to have it finished by Easter.I guess if you really need a challenge and are a puzzle aficionado then you might enjoy this puzzle . If you are looking for a simple activity this puzzle is not for you .
 The picture on the puzzle was very blurry and off centered , it was not pleasant to look at . I love puzzles , and New York , but actually donated this to the ARC drive because I did not care for it at all .
 Our daughter is 17 months old and I got this for her months ago . She loves the little toys that come inside of it , especially the cups and fish . I had to take the boat away from her because her little fingers got pinched in the water wheel and the screws are now rusted anyway , so it does not hold up to water . Oh well ...
 The moment it came out of the box I found the `` water '' hand on the floor ... There is a bag which you must filled with water . By the time you can hook this bag back on the place it 's almost empty , because you keep pushing on it so it seats right on the place ... A total disappointment for a child , who waits for whole apperation and as reward gets one lousy squirt form broken hand . What a waste of money !!!!
 We bought this item per the information on Amazon - that it is made of solid wood . We have been using it for a while and it still has a smell to it , especially when the doors are left open . I called Melissa and Doug today and was told that it is MDF , not solid wood , hence the smell -LRB- I 'm very sensitive to MDF/Particle Board -RRB- . Amazon WILL NOT stand by it 's information and help me since it 's past the return policy . It really stinks that a company as big as Amazon will not stand by the information it provides on it 's products ... who knows what you 're really getting , especially when it 's painted over and not apparent to the naked eye !
 This is an excellent idea for a toy , and my three kids -LRB- ages 7-4 -RRB- loved it . Too bad it 's built more shoddily than the average dollhouse . The hinges bend , the screws are too short , what few pieces are actually put together for you are sloppily assembled and fall apart with light use . Remember also that you need several hours to assemble the thing yourself.I understand it 's a toy , but for $ 160 , you can sure do better . No one would accept something this shoddily built even in a much cheaper piece of furniture . It 's only because this is a toy that the manufacturers can get away with bad quality for a huge price .
 I bought this product to be used at work in play therapy w / children . It definitely does the job , but it was a real pain to put together . We actually probably would have sent it back , but since it was already all the way out of the packaging , and we 're on a tight budget and could n't afford to send it back and look for another as cheap as this one , we decided to keep going . My husband , who fortunately makes furniture for a living , was kind enough to come in and fix it . It was missing some of the pre-drilled holes and some of the holes that were there were drilled poorly and had to be fixed . One of the bolts also broke on us . The materials used are really shoddy -- some of the wood actually cracked when the screws were tightened . I love most Melissa and Doug products -LRB- and this one looks so cute ! -RRB- , but I definitely would not recommend this one to anyone else .
 Bought this for my 2yo for Christmas . My husband opened the box to put it together and it was missing LOTS of parts and hardware . Needless to say we sent it back and she got lots of kitchen accessories but no kitchen . Will be purchasing another kitchen from somewhere else .
 We ordered this as a Christmas gift and received only one of the two boxes , which rendered the gift incomplete . Options on Amazon only included returning the entire order and reordering it . We could not request that Box One be sent to us . We found this to be very inconvenient over the holiday .
 We had been looking to stay away from Chinese made toys , and ordered thiskitchen specifically because of the following sentence in the amazon product description : `` Concerned parents will also appreciate that this toy is made in the USA with nontoxic materials . `` The box arrived with `` Made in China '' written on big letters on the side . I never opened the box so I cant review that , but for those people who are looking to get a US-made non-toxic toy and are concered about Chinese toy recalls , beware .
 Sorry to report this review about a Melissa and Doug product . This kitchen set is not `` wood '' and sturdy like you expect from Melissa and Doug . I must have spent 6-7 hours researching kitchen sets for my daughter . My husband had to use gorilla glue , scothch tape and power tools and a drummel to make this thing work . Assembly took 5-6 hours and much patience . To top it all off , we did n't receive the two shelves for the bottom oven andsink unit . What a waste of money ! Please take our advice and do n't purchase this kitchen . Sure do wish we could return this kitchen for one that is worth the price . This is not our style to complain so take that into consideration . I have one more thought , would n't it be nice if Melissa and Doug made it right with their customers ? Money for them is no object I 'm sure ! D.K Brighton , Michigan
 This kitchen is really cute and fun when fully assembled . However , as one of the other reviewers mentioned , the assembly is an unbelievable amount of work . To me , it does not justify the price . The only people who should buy this product are professional woodworkers who have a lot of time on their hands!We chose this kitchen for our two toddlers because we liked the idea of a wooden kitchen and we have enjoyed other Melissa & Doug products . -LRB- None of which required assembly , however . -RRB- My husband and I both worked on the assembly and it took us *** 20 HOURS **** , even working together . We used our own drill and our own wood glue - several of the holes were in the wrong place , were the wrong size , etc. . We also used our own screws and washers in several instances . The absolute worst point was when an entire shelf was found to be missing - one that supports the weight of the whole structure . Luckily , we had some old boards in our garage leftover from some homemade shelves we had made previously . We actually had to saw our own shelf to replace the missing one , just so our kids would have this kitchen in time for their birthdays . I just hope it actually holds up.I feel that the description of this toy is deceptive by not making people aware of how much work is required and how many of their own tools they must have . I would never have purchased it had I known . The other really frustrating thing is that it comes in 3 enormous , very-difficult-to-open boxes . By the time you get them open and realize how shoddy the workmanship is and how useless the instructions are , it is TOO LATE TO RETURN THE PRODUCT , which requires that everything be intact in its original packaging . To me this borders on false advertising . I hope this review will serve as a warning to others instead.Next time , we 'll go with plastic .
 We purchased this kitchen with some reservations after reading all the reviews . We 've had such good experiences with other Melissa & Doug toys that we thought we 'd give it a shot . Well one of the major components was stightly damaged and had a manufacturing flaw that was painted over . That was n't too big of a deal ... I could touch it up . Then we realized that the microwave door and a smaller `` wooden '' part were missing . Melissa & Doug 's customer service was great and parts are on the way . Good thing we bought it well ahead of my daughter 's birthday ! When we get the parts -LRB- in 4 days -RRB- I 'll see if assembly is as bad as others have said.My advise is to order this well ahead of when you need it . Then count ALL of the parts as soon it arrives . Then WHEN something is missing or manufactured wrong call Melissa & Doug 's customer service . They will treat you right . And it 's a good thing because their manufacturer 's quality stinks ! Hmmm ... I wonder where this thing is made ... Update
 I am in the process of trying to return this item . This item was missing directions . They were not included in the box . The manufacturer sent me the diretions but when we began putting it together , we found all the doors hung crooked . Further , the sink does not fit between the two supports it is supposed to screw into . The sink is either manufactured to wide or the supports were screwed to the underside of the counter incorrectly . I was very disapointed because I like the other items I purchased from this manufacturer . But they were smaller , less complicated items and I think they overeached on this one . Very upset and I am really hoping either the seller or amazon comes through on processig a full refund for this . BEWARE ! I wish I could give it negative stars
 Melissa and Doug should be embarrassed . Either they are getting too big to care or they are too small to know any better , either way I ordered this product and it was shipped to me with only about 70 % of the parts . Really , how does this even pass weight inspection to get shipped ? Where is the QC?Melissa and Doug ? Maybe Scrooge and The Grinch ! This was going to be my hero present this year ... thanks a lot .
 I have had this kitchen for about 3 years now . I am not at all happy with the way it has held up . I wanted a kitchen that would last through all my kids and onto my grandkids . If I were to purchase again , I would buy a full wooden -LRB- heirloom quality -RRB- kitchen through Nova Natural Toys . Additionally , the paint has chipped off the corners . The knobs are constantly falling off the stove . The Door hinges bend down and are ready to break anyday . I have a friend who has this kitchen and her doors broke right off . Not at all happy with this product . I 'm selling this on craigslist asap , before one of the doors DOES fall off ...
 Carelessly drilled holes and splintering wood made this kitchen impossible to assemble correctly . We are big fans of Melissa and Doug , but we are very disappointed in this item !
 I concur with other reviews about the long and complex assembly . My husband , an architect who is extremely handy took almost 3 hours to assemble this kitchen and had to deal with a couple of manufacturing defects along the way . After a year of use though , the kitchen is falling apart due to cheap and flimsy door hardware . None of the doors hang straight or stay closed anymore , and my 2 daughters are not rough players . Now looking to replace with something sturdier .
 This kitchen looks like it would be a lot of fun . Unfortunately , I was only set 1 or the 2 packages that contained the parts for the kitchen . When I emailed amazon 's customer service , and was informed that they would send another kitchen out to me . I received the second kitchen and it was the same story , 1 package out of 2 . I am so sad that I was not able to set this up for my daughter ! I have now ordered from another company and two packages are on the way . Hopefully , I will be able to write a review about how wonderful the kitchen is sometime next week !
 I 've played the guitar for 25 years and I wanted to get my seven year old his first guitar for Christmas this year -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . The gift was from Santa and my boy 's eyes lit up when he saw it this morning . He 's been jamming on it all day and just having a blast . He is just running around strumming and I have not even bothered to tune it yet because the way he 's grooving on it ... it does n't matter if it 's in tune or not -LRB- if you know what I mean ! -RRB- . He finally took a little break and I sat down to tune it when I discovered something that makes me want to strongly recommend not to buy this instrument for your young beginner.The problem in a nut-shell is that the neck is poorly constructed . It is true that a well made guitar can have a neck of solid wood and it will be just fine , but the neck on this guitar is not that great and it lacks an internal truss bar . Because of this , the strings bend the neck out of shape . So badly that the change in tension on the neck that tuning a single string is enough to warp the neck and make the other stings go out of tune . This is bad enough , but when any external preasure is exterted on the strings , this slight change also will bend the neck out of shape . The net effect is that this guitar is VERY difficult to tune and goes out of tune by simply strumming the guitar or touching the neck or strings.Obviously , if you are buying this as a gift to encourage a young learner , there is no way that they could ever learn under these conditons.This is not a message to discourage anyone , there are a lot of guitars out there for just a few dollars more ... that are a lot better . The only advantage that I saw in this guitar was the smaller size of the body . The small size of this guitars body made it a great choice for a young learner . But if you can not keep the instrument in tune , then what 's the point of the smaller body?I would recommend that you learn from my oversight . Stay away from this item and go find a better unit that your child will really be able to learn and grow on.Merry Christams from Austin , TX - the live music capital of the world !
 I purchased this guitar for my young boys . The strings do n't stay in tune long enough to tune them all together . I put lighter strings and new tuners on it , but that did not help . I did n't expect much , but it should at least be able to be tuned .
 parents i teach guitar do not buy this item it is poorly made and if u want your kids to learn guitar you can get reduced size real guitars for the same price as this first off the amps built into the guitar and if your kid turns it up very loud it blows up and youll have nothing but static and more than likely your kid will second off it doesnt stay in tune very well this is the exact same guitar with amp built in nonsense toys r us had 15 years ago u want my advice for 89 bucks u can get your kid a real guitar with a reduced size like the epiphone les paul juniors they sell here on amazon or even get your kid a fullsized kramer focus for 79 dollars also sold here on amazon and u can get practice amps for 20 bucks that wont blowup when u turn it up both the lespaul junior and kramer are light weight but quality built it depends if u want a toy buy this cause this is a toy but if u want your kid to learn guitar THIS IS NOT the best option and kids really dont need reduced size guitars ive taught 6 year olds and 60 year olds guitar and they were able to use a full size guitar and once they get a little older they can have a guitar they can still use trust me u wont be playing this guitar when u get 13 or 14 and want a band the tiny amp built in is about as loud as a pin dropping i had 1 of these when i was a kid it broke a year later my mom bought me a memphis strat copy for 20 bucks at a garage sale at first its full size intimidated me but i kept at it and now 15 year later im compared to stevie ray vaugn and im a professional guitar instructor
 I looked at the manufacturer 's web site and they talked much about this being a wonderful guitar for children to learn on . They even suggested that some adults buy them for playing during travel . I wanted it for my Grandson , who now has an acoustic guitar and wants an electric . My main criteria was not price , I wanted something in a size he could handle . I believed it could be a good product because you can buy a beginner electric guitar made by Fender for about $ 130.00 , and it plays pretty well.This guitar would not even stay in tune . It was within its packaging and in a box , but still was scratched up enough that I would n't have given it as a gift . Also , only the bottom three strings would amplify to any degree at all and they sounded more like a banjo than a guitar.This product was not made to play or for any other purpose than to con someone into buying it . Something to be hammered on a few times and then put into a closet and forgotten.Don ' t buy it , it is a joke .
 I heard all of the other reveiws how bad and unprepared the guiter it is.I baught the guiter a couple weeks after i read the reveiws , the guiter isnt what i think it wasthe stings would break after you tune it the bad thing about it is its $ $ $ thats a lot of money to spen on a unprepared guiter . if your readin this make sure what u know what ur doing . ...
 I think this guitar is horrible . I mean it looks so bad also the make looks like its 100 yearss old !
 I 've been playing guitar for 4 years and this might be a fun guitar but if you want real quality , ... I played around with this guitar and I do n't just play the dumb songs in the book . I play Metallica , Weezer , Hendrix , Zeppelin and I do n't think this guitar would live up to playing live , etc. -LRB- which I do -RRB- . P.S. I own a Gibson American LP and an American Strat , so this might be fun for others but it did n't live up to my standards and song-writing .
 ... I OWN A STRATOCASTER THAT MAKES THIS LOOK LIKE A JOKE!WELL , MY STRAT MAKES EVERYTHING LOOK LIKE A JOKE . THE BEST QUAILITY IS THAT IT MAKES THE PERFECT GUITAR TO SMASH ! ...
 the toy is just a little bit to small for kids 10 and older.if your looking into getting a guitar look for a diffrent one besides this one
 This guitar is simply a beginers guitar ! Great for kids from 3-9 start your kid here but by all means get thema better one if he seems interested .
 My son loved making lots of noise on this guitar but the amp no longer works after only a few months and now he ca n't use it all . I would not recommend this product .
 The guitar ca n't be tuned . Why make a guitar if you ca n't actually play a song on it ? This is especially annoying because returning it is going to break my five-year-old 's little heart . Very , very unsatisfied with First Act : -LRB-
 Do NOT buy . The fret placements are wrong so it 's not even physically possible to get the guitar in tune . No matter what you try , it will be out of tune with itself , even on the same string.This guitar would discourage any kid from developing an interest in learning to play music . If they played it long enough it may even train them to become tone-deaf . The only use I can see for it would be to let your kid pound on it for an afternoon , till he gets bored with it or it breaks.This was given to my son for a gift , but he has n't seen it yet and he is n't going to . I thought this was like a $ 20 gift considering how bad it is , but I searched it online and was amazed to find that it goes for $ 70 ! For not much more I 'll get a real guitar in a small size that will be accurate enough to learn on and will actually sound good .
 The description said 25 packs of cards from 1990 to the present . The 25 packs delivered had nothing from 1996-the present . 90 % were from 1990 . I also received 2 packs of stickers not cards.Very misleading and definely not worth the money.Go to a card store and buy 25 packs of these old cards at $ .75 each and save the cost of shipping and handling
 This item is not worth the value . Some packs of cards are not even endorsed by the NHL !
 I got this for my son in early November to be given to him for Christmas . When it arrived , I spot checked and it looked fine unopened in its box . But 30 days later when it was opened on Christmas Day , that is when I found the yellow garbage can had a broken handle . I think it was probably returned broken before . In any case , it was too late to do anything and I did n't want to take away the present from my son .
 I ordered this quickly and thought I was getting the `` reuse , reduce , recycle '' gray and green truck with bins . . but this is for a red and green garbage truck . Amazon - please get your descriptions matched up correctly with the photos !
 We had ordered this Bruder Garbage truck for our Grandson for Christmas . It was sold by another company , yet fulfilled by Amazon . Instead of the truck we received some candy that looked like it was left over from Holloween . I called Amazon immediately and the person I talked with said they would ship a replacement using next day delivery . He put me on hold for a moment and then when he returned , I was advised that they could not get the truck . He was very apologetic , but we were still left hanging . Since they did not ship the truck , I wonder what the term `` Fulfilled by Amazon '' actually means . It obviously does not mean they guarantee the item . I have ordered a number of different items from Amazon and have never had a problem that was not handled by customer service , until now . This one transaction , or lack therof , has somewhat soured me on Amazon . If I have a choice between paying a bit more or use Amazon , I think I 'll opt to pay more . I am also a little discouraged that Amazon did no follow-up on my problem , except to send me this opportunity to review my purchase.I gave a one star rating because Amazon did not do there part . I do not know how the truck should be rated .
 It 's not as sturdy as I had assumed . The back attachment to put the bins on is flimsy . I 'm disappointed and will not spend that much again .
 My son loves Thomas and I must say that I love buying all the neat pieces to go with it . I love going through all the bridges and stuff finding the ones `` they '' might like . So when I saw this I knew he 'd like it . When we opened it up though and attempted to collapse the bridge , we realized that it took 2 hands to make it come down . I had hoped that it would take one and he could be pushing the train as it collapsed . Also , it takes quite a bit of pressure to make it collapse and the buttons and bottom supports are made of cheap plastic . It has n't yet , but I worry about it breaking . Getting it to come back up from the collapsed position is also kind of difficult and then you have to make sure the tracks are aligned.The other complaint-it has 2 female ends . It does n't show that part in the picture but now you 're stuck not being able to make the tracks that you want unless you have a bunch of their specialty pieces . It does n't show in the `` Items that were also bought with this '' the super expensive male/male and female/female pieces.The kids still like using it because it 's a big bridge , but I probably would n't buy it for anyone else.EDITED
 The 2 female connectors make using this bridge frustrating . Before I could buy an additional connector , the bridge broke . We can no longer reconnect the bridge after collapsing it .
 My two year old son picked out this bridge and loves it ... but does not understand yet that it is very frustrating for anyone trying to do more than collapse it ! As said in other comments ... two female ends !! It should definitely have come with an adapter for the price . Also , many of the engines DO NOT FIT through the bridge opening !! These are the wooden trains I 'm talking about . I did not have a problem with the collapsing being too tight or too loose , but with the other problems ... I do not recommend this product .
 My son really enjoyed playing with this bridge on the sample Thomas tables available in a few local toy stores so , I was excited to include this feature on his train table . That said ... the bridge simply does n't work . The Thomas Wooden trains can not pass under the bridge so you need to set the bridge up on an outside track away from other features that might be blocked by the height of this thing . Also , contrary to previous reviews the buttons to push on our bridge are way to tight for my toddler to manage on his own -LRB- unlike the more broken in versions of this bridge he has used while shopping -RRB- so , we 'll have to see if this bridge gets better with more use . Overall this really could have been designed with more thought & I 'll be looking for a better bridge alternative for our table .
 my son is 4 years old and i bought this for his 4th bday . the first time he played with it the damn thing broke and he is not a rough kid at all !
 I bought the Thomas and Friends Wooden Railway collapsing Sodor Suspension Bridge for my grandson , but when I tried to connect it to the other wooden railway peices , I realized the ramp tracks are identical , so both peices end with a hole and I can not connect it back into the other tracks . How am I going to fix it ?
 Listen up parents . Spare yourself the money and invest it in books rather than in this junk made in China by slave labor so that Ms. Frank can maximize her profits and live a profligate life style . Those of us who live in Tucson and have had dealings with this woman know that she would steal your wallet given half a chance . She does n't pay the people that work for her a decent wage and sometimes does n't pay them at all , depending upon her wealth to sue anybody that wants to challenge her . Why has n't she hired Americans to produce her products ? Besides , the products produced by Lisa Frank are generally without any merit at all . Buy your kids a box of crayons and drawing paper and let them create themselves . Surely their art will exceed that of this fake . I have reviewed Ms. Frank 's products and not only are they without educational merit , the art work is abominable , amateurish ... . A decidedly thumbs down for this junk .
 Of all of the Marvel Legends figures , I think the Human Torch has fallen a bit short of the quality we have seen in the other figures . First off , the flames on the torches body do not really look that good . The flames on his head look like he has a big yellow-orange hairdo . Then there are the black lines that are painted all over his body . I realize in the comic these lines give his body some definition . However , it just makes the toy looks silly .
 Toy Biz hit big with Spiderman Classics . They hit big with Marvel Legends . Here comes series two.Series two is not nearly as cool as series 1 . Human torch , an awesome character , should be extremely cool in this series . It 's not.HT barely stands on his own . Certainly wont stand up straight . It 's nice to have detail , and all the points of articulation . However , does he REALLY need to have two places to bend in his torso ? That gives way to his instability.I gave this toy a 5 star rating for education . It 's sarcastic , because figuring out HOW to keep it standing , and display it , is a real education.I was highly disappointed in this figure . Inside the package , he looks cool . If you want to enjoy this figure , keep it inside the packaging.I give this figure a 2 1/2 star rating . 45 on a scale of 100 .
 The entire series is highly disappointing . However , the Human Torch , is most annoying , and disappointing . This particular figure is best left in the package , where it looks its best . Outside the package , frustration sets in , as the body is incapable of holding its posture , and the flames are a pain . I like the figure , but , only inside the package , where it receives stability . By far the worst of all the figures in the entire line . Because of the poor design , this item receives 1 star . 5 stars for education , because you definately get an education , if you try to display this outside it 's packaging .
 This entire series is a huge let down . No real accessories with Ben . He just stands there ; the backdrop item , just holds together with a rubberband.You have to have all the figures in this series . The variant , with trenchcoat and sunglasses is a much better figure . At least there 's more to it , than , nothing.I give this a 1 star , because it wreaks of boring . 35 of 100 . The variant , is cool . I give the variant 3 of 5 stars , 75 of 100
 I paid $ 50 for this and I 'm kicking myself for it . It does `` spray '' soap and water onto the cars , but just barely . Even if you put a towel under it , it still manages to make an absolute mess . The parts that are supposed to move barely move , and those that are n't supposed to , do . My 3 yr old was bored with it after a few minutes . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 My sister recived this toy for a birthday present . A couple days later we started doing the craft and it is JUNK . I ca n't tell you how much you should not buy this toy it is a waste of money and the paint starts pealing off an hour after you paint it , and you ca n't even see the paint . Never Get This Toy . We just wanted to warn you !!!
 I would never reccomend this kit to ANYONE . I tried this and it took 2 hours just for the black outline paint to dry . The stain glass paint was all runny and sticky . It was all gloppy and really did n't show up on the bottles and I just bought the kit 2 days before . The black outline paint had almost no paint in it . This kit stinks and I will never buy this again . This happend the other 5 times I have bought this kit . It is a waste of money and has no educational value .
 Not at all what we expected ; go to an art supply store and actually look and pick up paint brushes/cups that you might need to get a real idea of what 's available .
 I ordered and paid for the 16 inch doll , Raggedy Andy , to match a Raggedy Ann that is 16 inches tall . I received a 12 inch Raggedy Andy instead of the 16 inch that I paid for . I do n't understand how the person that packed it did n't notice the size . It 's a hugh difference . You need to remove the 16 inch labels off your dolls . They are 12 inch . Get out the ruler . Now I have to spend my time returning an item .
 Like most plastic cool looking toys that the kids must have , this thing is junk . The handle broke within 15 minutes of use . The zippers on the bears would not zip . My neice was very unhappy with this toy . I usually do n't buy her the latest and greatest junk , because it always turn out to be junk . This toy was no exception .
 I 'm agree with most of the reviews . My niece saw the commercial for this and really wanted it . My brother got it for her birthday . It 's made by Spin Master Ltd. a Canadian toy manufacturer.It comes with 3 beanie baby type bears , basically already made but have no stuffing . The fabric is cheap and delicate . One bear came with a 1 '' rip in it which my niece asked me to sew up . The operation was a success btw :-RRB- The cute looking plastic mechanism that you use to stuff them is cheaply made . The zippers on the bears are very bad and tough . You stuff the bear with cotton only , therefore the bear ca n't sit well like a Beanie Baby . I recommend stuffing some beads on his bottom . My mother said , `` well for that price , you ca n't expect much for a toy like that '' maybe shes right , You decide.Here is the jest of the toy :1 . Stuff bears w/cotton-like stuffing -LRB- no beans/beads -RRB- 2 . Zip up Bear and your done .3 . Most likely end up playing with the bears but tossing the stuffer mechanism aside and never use it again.The toy would have been much better if it were more inspired by `` Build-A-Bear Workshop '' and allow us to add the choice of eyes , nose , mouth ourselves . Maybe some clothing too.I guess you get what you pay for . But your better off purchasing a craft kit to make your own bears with your child . Much more interactive and creative . Or get some Legos . Legos have plenty of replay value and you can keep adding to them forever . Or spend a day at the Build-A-Bear Workshop . Though it is a bit costly . : -RRB-
 My daughter found it too hard to turn the handle . The fluff became twisted and stuck in the machine . The zipper broke on two of three bears . After the three bears were stuffed -LRB- by hand -RRB- , it now sits in the closet .
 she got it for xmas day very excited it looks very nice ... 3 bears included and I still cant get the zippers to open and have a very disapointed child
 Hmmm ... What marketing genius came up with this one ? Inferior , generic bears whose `` skins '' are filled via a ludicrously redundant Chinese-manufactured piece of plastic that might as well be placed directly in a landfill instead of bothering to put it in a box simply to skip the middle-man . It is the antithesis of an `` educational toy . ''
 THIS TOY WAS GREAT FOR THE FIRST 5 FLIGHTS BUT THEN FELL APART , HAD A LEG BREAK OFF THEN AN ARM IN LESS THAN AN HOUR , IF IT WAS MORE DURABLE WOULD BE GREAT FUN .
 My son LOVEs bug and go this from Santa last year , I did n't like that the lid does n't stay on well and can fall off easily not recommended to use in the house for this reason . Also if bugs get left in it they can climb under the decorative scene and hard to remove if they die it really makes it stink and can not be taken apart at all to be cleaned . Would like to see a better cap and something you can move around to clean out once in a while .
 I bought two of these for my kids . They desperately wanted them . What a disappointment . They broke almost immediately . They are the flimsiest plastic junk . I was n't expecting a lot for the price but I expected them not to fall apart in five minutes with proper usage .
 Packaging was horrible and item arrived damaged . Flimsy construction to begin with . Not worth the money at all .
 I bought this toy for my 5 years old son as he wished to have one after watching cartoon , he was very happy once we received the packet.He felt hard to blow to get sound coming out , I tried to help him to teach , but I too became literally tired as the buttons does n't function well to pass air to give music . One of the button is not working & almost it is a dead one.He hardly played with that for 30 minutes , then it went to toy dump in our home.Appearance is quite good , plastic seems to be good , but not sure about the life of steel finish/coating as we used lesser than 30 minutes.I guess it is a luck to get one which is working properly , but it disappoints children exception which I do n't like with this type of product.If you get good one , it is your luck otherwise it is a good showcase toy.This toy has good educational value so I need to give 5 star.I called Amazon and explained the problem , their service was quite good and they refunded me .
 Firstly , I 'm not a parent . I bought this Early Learning Centre -LRB- UK -RRB- toy to examine its potential as an educational tool . Of all the inexpensive toy instruments I 've bought so far , I am most disappointed in this one . Many toy instruments are simply cheaper versions of real instruments capable of teaching children or even adults the gross basics of playing them . This is not the case here as this is n't even a trumpet but a four-note melodica shaped like a trumpet . It can play E5-A5-C # 6-E6 . Mine is surprisingly well tuned , off by at most 5Hz with A880 off by only 0.2 Hz -LRB- 2.5 cents -RRB- ! Its construction seams rugged and design suitable for a three-year-old but I foresee kids age 6 and over getting board with it quickly . I have n't had problems with the valves yet and it makes sound easily with little effort . Judging from other reviews I may have gotten lucky . The body appears to be chrome plated ABS while the mouthpiece , buttons and valve covers are cheaper polystyrene -LRB- colors differ from the picture -RRB- . The valve covers are glued with industrial adhesive so it ca n't be disassembled without breaking it . Mine is not yet broken so I can only assume the reeds are brass and the valves are plastic with steel springs and poly foam seals . Condensation must be air-dried . There are two finger rings for gripping with the non-playing hand.Comparison : The Schylling Toys Piano Horn -LRB- ASIN
 This was not made in USA / not made in CHINA per my search criteria in Amazon ... It is plastic and made in CHINA . I will be returning it promptly . Conscientious parents beware , this is from CHINA !!!
 No one in our family -- including our 25-year-old gamer son -- could figure out how to use this thing ! A huge disappointment . If it were possible to give `` no stars '' I would !
 This broke within two weeks . The person -LRB- an adult -RRB- to whom I gave it , loved it ! But that 's not a lot of good if it breaks .
 It lights up and then goes out , the clear and redeal does not work . Just ca n't play the game !
 I just ca n't put this game down . I learned it on the computer so I was familiar with it but this is so portable . Only one thing that is missing , is the undo button . That would make it perfect .
 I imagine this gadget may be adequate for the UltraHardcore Freecell Junkies among us . However , even as big a Freecell Zombie as I am I think this hand held `` version '' is a useless POS . I find it impossible to differentiate the four suits in any useful way . Yeah , you can see them by squinting but , since there 's no color involved to distinguish hearts and diamonds from clubs and spades , it 's almost impossible to figure out which card should go where . In addition , and , I think , a problem with all these solitare games , is the fact that you can not see the entire field of cards so you have no idea where the aces are , e.g. , without constantly using the `` up '' and `` down '' buttons.In short , this game is pretty much for those who are desperate to play Freecell in the WORST way , because this is truly the worst way I can imagine . If you are totally jonesing for a hit of Freecell and you 're dependant on your desktop , then get yourself a small laptop . Do n't waste your money , as I did , on this toy .
 Bought this for my wife who wore out her previous Hand-Held Free Cell game.This new one lasted less than a week when it malfunctioned to the point ofbeing useless .
 The display on this is absolutely horrible . You know how each number window must be able to display any card or letter in the deck . But the numbers/letters that are NOT being display at the time , are almost as dark as the number that IS being displayed . So each number or J , Q , K , A looks like jumbled mess . It 's very hard to decipher what is showing . And the back light does nothing to help either . I would not recommend this at all . It 's a waste of money .
 I really wanted to enjoy this but it 's not like the game on my computer -LRB- as stated in the description -RRB- the card piles are all the same and worse , there is no undo button which for those of us just learning the game , is essential . Once you move a card , that is it , no mistakes allowed . Perhaps this game is only for those who really know the game and somehow can make this thing work and have fun . I found only frustration .
 The machine worked great for the money -LRB- we 'll see how the durability of the wheel and machine holds up -RRB- . However , I was very dissatisfied w / the tech support . I wanted to run it on DC power w / a generator or inverter . When I went the inverter route I went up to inverters w / surge up to 2400W . It blew the inverter . Then I tried a neighbors 600CW generator w / 3000 surge . It blew that as well . Their support offered no help other than it should n't have done that . They quote no surge or return phone calls . I would move on past ATEC for all athletic training needs .
 Our son just got this product for Christmas and was very excited to begin excavating for the items shown on the box label . Imagine our suprise when what actually is found is nothing at all like the labeling . The size of the items is miniscule compared to the box pictures and there was definitely no `` genuine emerald '' in the rock . This toy took approximately 30 minutes to `` investigate '' and the `` tools '' that it came with were not of a very high quality . Save your money and try a different approach !
 My 10 year old daughter loves everything rock , fossil , and gem-related . She BEGGED me to get her this for Christmas . I thought it looked pretty cool , so I did . My mistake was not reading the reviews first . I agree with all the issues others have mentioned here , but I 'll state them again . The first disappointment was the size of the mystery rock `` matrix '' -LRB- i.e. , the clay that the rocks and gems are hidden in -RRB- . It was maybe 7 inches in diameter and three inches thick , max . Second , upon opening the box , we discovered that there are only 9 -LRB- or maybe 10 , the information on this was contradictory -RRB- specimens in the matrix , NOT 15 as pictured on the box . Third , I understand why they give you a plastic excavation tool to unearth the rocks , so as not to damage them -LRB- they are quite small , and some are also fragile -RRB- but geez , this thing mostly wore out before she even got the first specimen out of the matrix . We resorted to carefully using the pointy end of a metal can/bottle opener . Fourth disappointment - after excavating the tiny pieces of turquoise and malachite -LRB- we think - the `` malachite '' was actually just a tiny bead of some sort , same with the `` emerald '' , which was not only a bead , but I 'm fairly sure it may even be made of plastic -RRB- , my daughter pretty much lost interest in this . We resorted to dissolving the rest of the clay in water to unearth the rest of the specimens and straining the water to make sure we were n't missing anything . Made a huge mess , but the dissolving was actually the most fun part about this whole thing . My daughter 's comment , `` when they say hours of fun on the box , they really mean hours of work , for not much payoff , '' pretty much sums up this product . And the most educational thing about this product is a lesson in the powers of false advertising .
 I bought this for my 4 year old grandson , he loves finding treasures , but we found the dirt in our rock to be so hard to dig that even the adults could n't manage it , forget even trying the small brush that was provided . We finally wet the dirt and dug in the mud , the rocks and gems were fairly nice once we got them out , but the digging experience just was n't there . Everything the digging rock and the gems you find were a little smaller than I had expected .
 My daughter got this toy when she was 6 . It is very difficult and time consuming to uncover the treasures . As a matter of fact the tools have started to wear out before we got even the 2nd treasure out . She works on it every once in a while but has generally given up . So have we .
 I 'm having trouble finding out what these toys do or how are played . There 's no explantion about your toys , games , crafts etc. . I 'm wanting to find things for my grandchildren for christmas . Pictures a lone do not help .
 I ca n't remember how much I paid for this but whatever it was it was TOO much . The ramp part was like a flimsy platic piece of paper pratically and the fly wheels and rip cord do n't do anything like they show them on tv . My boy wanted this for his birthday because he saw a comercial on tv but it 's not anything like the ad . Save your money , fly wheels are a complete let down and a waste of your money .
 Beware this table is highly unstable ! After spending hours of diligent attention to every detail of the assembly instructions , we witnessed the table support literally fall out from under the table . The thin metal-like hinges that form the foundation for the thin legs are much too fragile and appear to be made of tin . If you can believe it , the instructions provided with the table expect you to assemble the table upside down and then lift and flip the entire assembled table onto its legs without bending the table halves themselves or any of the flimsy legs/struts ! We ended up salvaging the table tops and purchasing 4 very stable saw-horses that when placed strategically , provide an excellent support for the table -LRB- I spent $ 160 extra for the saw-horses -RRB- .
 We bought this toy for our daughters 8th bithday . She was so excited . We put in 4D batteries . They lasted about 3 min . So we went on a search for an outlet adapter . The company will sell it to you for an additional $ 16.00 . Radio shack does n't have the right adapter . Another electronics store had the right adapter , but said the company made it a very hard size to find . Then after all of that the wheel stalled and hase n't worked since . So to rate this toy for fun would be hard to do . We have n't even gotten started and the machine is unworkable .
 Bought 2 of these for an afternoon in with the kids ... -LRB- 7/4 -RRB- The batteries on the box say 4 aa reqd which I bought , actually needed 4 D 's -LRB- 8 in total -RRB- Although used an AC Adaptor on one . . Both broke within 20 mins of use -LRB- wheel stuck or engine blown -RRB- not sure ... Taking them backGood Idea - poorly produced - prefer to have paid more money for a better product
 I had been working on a professional potter 's wheel for about five or six months when I bought this product so I would be able to work at home on my throwing skills . I was n't expecting this wheel to match up to anything in the studio I worked with , but I thought it would at least work . Well , the motor is useless , whenever I touched the clay the wheel came to a quick stop . I tried over and over again , but nothing , and I mean nothing , happened . Even with a half-pound of clay the moment my finger touched it the machine just stopped turning . Whatever you do , do not buy this product . It 's a complete waste of money .
 After teaching elementary art in Fairfax County Virginia for 19 years and currently owning a pottery buisness in Door County , Wisconsin , I should have known better . But when my granddaughter wanted a more expensive model of this toy it was hers . Neither she nor I could throw a pot on the wheel . Children can learn to throw a pot on a profesional potter 's wheel . All this toy did was set her up for failure . These toy wheels are a disservice to children and should not be sold by a business of your calibre .
 I am a potter . I find this toy alarming . I tried one at the request of a friend , who was considering it for her child . First off , to successfully work on the potter 's wheel , it takes LOTS of practice . It is NOT easy , even if it looks it . The motor on this toy is NOT strong enough , and it is going to be a study in frustration for a child . If you want your child to have the experience of working in clay , sign them up for a local class , or let them do handbuilding . Do n't waste your money on this .
 THE PEOPLE WHO MADE THIS TOY HAD A GOOD IDEA IN MIND BUT FAILED TO ACHIEVE SUCCESS.I THINK SOMETHING LIKE THIS CAN DISCOURAGE A CHILD INTO CREATING ART . IT IS SO TERRIBLY MADE PLUSTHE MODEL I BOUGHT SAID IT CONTAINED GLAZE AND ALL OF THIS OTHER STUFF BUT DID NOT.TRYING TO GET A REFUND ... DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME HERE .
 I got the toy for my 8th birthday . It was very hard to use and I could never get one thing done by the toy even with some help . My big sister got the same toy 6 years age and she told me it was the worst toy she had . I did n't believe her until I started to play with it . Now it end up I can just play with the dough . It is truly the worst toy I ever got , as well . My mom was wondering why such a bad toy could last so many years in the market .
 I bought this pottery wheel for christmas and I was looking foward to using it . I used it for about 5 minutes because i was about to go away for a aouple of nights and needed to start packing . I came back home and went to my pottery wheel and it would not start . I realized that I had left the on switch on . I went to the store and bought new batteries for it . It still did not work !! It made me so mad . This toy would have been So much fun if it would have worked .
 I bought the pottery wheel for my 9 year old daughter and she made one piece and never touched it again . What a waste of money . Just sits on the shelf . My 11 year old son even made a piece and seemed to enjoy himself but never touched it again .
 I bought this for my 14 year old son , but after seeing it in action , got rid of it . You 're asking for broken bones by using this , it is not safe , just think about the physics of it ... all your weight dropping on one small point that can be thrown off by any pebble or slick spot . You 're gonig to get a broken jaw or worse . Cheap thrills ? Not worth it .
 I won the Flybar in a radio station drawing back in July 2004 ... Being a 40 + year old fatman I gave the pogo stick to my 12 and 14 year old sons who are a couple of skateboard Gods . I supervised them at all times they were on it and only let them jump with the minimal settings for their weight while they learned to control it . They both became very good at riding it within a couple weeks and loved jumping on it , they used it so much that the tip began to split from all the impacts it had with the concrete and asphalt where they jumped . After contacting the company about the tips , the owner himself sent me some new ones , along with some other Flybar flash.About two weeks later I got to spend MANY hours in the Emergency room at the Trauma Center here in Seattle while I listened to my 14 year old son scream in pain as 4 doctors pulled on his leg to try and set the massive Open Fracture -LRB- Bones Protruding From The Skin -RRB- of his left Tibia and Fibula -LRB- Lower Leg -RRB- that he received when the Flybar slipped out from under him as he landed on it.It is now 2005 ... My son is off his crutches now but still walks with a cane for support and is always in pain by the end of the day . The $ 3500 worth of Titanium implants will come out soon then he can continue his quest back to becoming a normal boy again . The hardest part for him is being 15 now and 6 ' 3 and 220 pounds , very athletic ... . He knows he will probably never play the sports he loves so much again due to the severity of his catastrophic injury.Hindsight being 20/20 ... . I should have sold the Flybar at auction as soon as I won it .03 / 14/2005Two weeks ago there were 28 reviews of the flybar , now there are only 22 . Is n't it amazing the ONLY reviews that got deleted were from people who have maimed themselves on the Flybar?Perplexing is n't it ...
 It looks like MGA is running out of ideas because these dolls are a rip of their original series . -LRB- where Cloe 's hair was to be in braids , and came with a lot of accesories -RRB- Now theres Sleepin ' Style and Sleep-Over which are the same exact thing!The doll is OK , but MGA definitely loses points for unoriginality . .
 I would like to purchase this kit . Want to know why it 's 99 $ ? If somebody could explain the price I would appreciate it .
 Pieces were missing from this product and the pieces that were there especially the wood looked like scraps from a lumbar yard . Kids very sad . Me mad .
 I choose this rating because the entire figure is mate of hard plastic and the head on the other hand is very thin egg shell plastic . My action figure 's head was in two pieces when I opened the shipping box . Why would n't the ToyBiz company make the head out of rubber , like most action figures . Daaaaaaa !
 My 8 yr old son got this from his grandfather for Christmas . I was eager to help him with this , as I had a similar woodburning kit when I was his age . From what I recall about my set , it would actually `` burn '' the wood . This one does n't get hot enough to use effectively . My son traced 3 letters in his name and got bored with it because he had to move the iron so slowly with lame results.It seems to me that , over the years , they regulated the fun out of this toy . : -LRB-
 BOX AND BURNING TOOL HAS WARNINGS IT CONTAINS CHEMICALS THAT CASUSE BIRTH DEFECTS OR OTHER REPRODUCTIVE HARM . HOW CAN THIS BE SOLD FOR CHILDREN ? BURNING WILL PUT THE CHEMICALS IN THE AIR AND CHILDREN SMELL IT . THE TOOL AND BOX HAS A WARNING ON IT TO THOROUGHLY WASH HANDS AFTER EVERY USE . I WOULD THINK IT WOULD BE TO LATE AND THE CHEMICALS HAVE PENETRATED IN THE SKIN AS SOON AS IT 'S TOUCHED AND WHEN THE TOOL GETS HOT IT SMELLS WHICH WOULD GO INTO THE LUNGS.IF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR KIDS HEALTH AND LIFE LONGEVITY DO N'T BUY IT . I HAVE COMPLAINED AND AM RETURNING IT.THE MANUFACTURE EVIDENTLY DOES NOT CARE ABOUT CHILDREN 'S / PEOPLES HEALTH AND ALL THEY CARE ABOUT IS MAKING MONEY.DON ' T BE FOOLED BY OTHER PICTURES THAT DO NOT SHOW THE WARNING , THOSE PICTURES WHERE BEFORE THE FACT WHEN THE COMPANY FOUND OUT . IT SEEMS TO ME THEY FOUND OUT AND JUST PUT WARNING SIGNS TO SAVE THEIR BUTTS INSTEAD OF DISCONTINUE OR RECALLING THE PRODUCT . THE MANUFACTURE EVIDENTLY JUST WANTS TO PUSH THESE OUT AND NOT LOSE MONEY BY DISCONTINUING OR RECALLING THE PRODUCT . THE PRODUCT SHOULD BE RECALLED AND REPLACED WITH NEW MATERIALS THAT MEET HEALTH STANDARDS .
 I was expecting a better quality product . A woodburning pen produces a very soft/light impression on the wood , which could be barely seen . Plus , one of the cutout pieces was missing from the box.I 've had a similar kit when I was a child , which was much more fun to use and easier to operate .
 Wood burning tool is essentially a soldering iron . It is very cumbersome to hold and control . I had purchased this a gift for my daughter , and after one use , it has n't been touched again !
 I did not know that a wood burning pen has some chemical in it or can be created from it that can cause cancer , birth defects or fertility problems . I feel that this kind of information should be explained more , like what is the chemical that causes it . Does it come from the plastic around the pen or is it caused by fumes from the pen and wood . the warning on the pen is confusing and alarming . I wont let my child or anyone else use the pen , but the wooden bird house can still be put together and painted on .
 its cheap and its totally not like i thought it will be . really disapointed , would n't spend a penny on it .
 This thing sucks . All it does is barely vibrates . DO NOT BUY !!!! That was the worst bit of money I ever spent . And they will not let you return it and get a refund . Again , DO NOT BUY !!
 In short , you get what you pay for . My son was excited to find this on Amazon but this buzzer does n't work . Do n't waste ur money . It does not make the buzzer noise or have any electric effect .
 Bad build , i feel like this was made up someones botty crack broke after the 2nd use . Not really worth it truly .
 DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!This thing did n't even work i wound it up and pushed it all that happend was the sound of a click.DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I thought this product would shock the person but its just a stupid little buzz that feels like nothing DONT BUY !!!
 Turned out to be a toy that you spin up everytime and does n't really shock you . Overall , did n't think it was worth it .
 This is somthing i got out of a 50 cent machine if it actually shocked people i would recommend it
 What a terrible product , they did n't last ten minutes before breaking . They did work correctly at all . Guess I should of realized the price was so cheap because it was made so cheap . . Do not reccomend at all , do n't waste any money on these.Now , this is just my opinion , somebody else might say they like it , but I really doubt it .
 I should have read the other reviews that were not favorable about this product before making my purchase . The buzzer just does n't work the way you think it should . The huge switch has to be `` triggered '' or moved by the person who is shaking your hand in order for any sort of a `` buzz '' to happen . In other words , the handshake needs to really be firm and done in a way where the switch will be triggered . When and if buzzes -LRB- I tested it several times -RRB- the `` buzz '' is minimal and would probably go unnoticed by your `` unsuspecting '' target . Too much trouble for something that is supposed to be simple . This product is a `` fail '' .
 It does n't work at all its a piece of junk , i regret buying this thing . I was hoping i would get some fun prank , but it just was n't what i expected
 This hand buzzer vibrates it does not shock ! I wanted to shock my sis but it has no point what so ever ! It is pretty durable because i threw it across the room and it did n't break !
 I expected this toy to shock , and all it did was vibrate . Should 've specified this
 i thought it was on of those when u touch it , it shocks you but you have to twist it its really loud so it was kinda a disipointment
 Cheaply made , it only lasted once then the spring broke . More chinese junk . Again it would cost more to ship it back than what it is worth .
 This item was a fail . It does n't even send a shock through anyone 's hand . It just vibrates very hard , and it is n't even painful , you feel nothing . I eventually threw it away because it was never any fun to use .
 Im not going to call this thing great or anything like that , I got it at a truckstop for less than $ 5 and my friends and I took turns beating our heads against the glass for a 5 hour car ride trying to play this game . . Its really hard , especially while going down the road in a car -LRB- having a sadistic driver did not help -RRB- . The graphics are poor but adequate for the game . the system is robust , more than one of use tried to rip it in half . Its far to hard to keep the interest of a youngster and requires the fineness of a brain surgeon to play . I recommend it for anyone who really wants to be frustrated for a long period of time , next time I personally will buy a deck of cards .
 My son still plays with this toy even though he has brought me about five pieces of it that he has pulled off of it just with normal play . Probably better to collect than to play with .
 Be aware , before you place your order , you should know that the Superman figure pictured above is not the one you will get . The figure above is the first Mattel DC Superheroes Superman . You will get the second Mattel DC Superheroes Superman -LRB- which is a rerelease from a few years ago . -RRB- The figure you 'll get has a lot less articulation and the sculpt is nowhere near as nice.I ordered four of the figures to give them away as gifts . I was quite dissapointed when they arrived !
 The super man in the Picture is not the one you recieve , Its a different one with way LESS articulation , very , very upsetting . i will Alert amozon and the sender .
 In addition to the net not staying on the hoop , and the suction cups not working AT ALL , the biggest problem is that the ball does NOT FIT through the hoop unless you push the ball really hard . Rather pointless if you plan on putting the hoop a little higher so the ball can be thrown in rather than dropped in . I will be returning this item .
 This idea seemed like a good one and I 'm pretty clever at putting these kinds of things together . That said ... no can do . Suction cups do NOT WORK . There are no instructions and the small world site offers no information . Set is useless unless I can resolve this .
 Apart from the fact that this comes with literally no instructions on how to hang the hoop -LRB- not that they 're really needed -RRB- the major flaw is that the ball does n't fit through the hoop ! Now , I may not be a pro at basketball , but I 'm pretty sure that 's one of the basics . The whole ball going through the hoop part . Also , the net hangs down about 4 inches from the rim . More than anything , it 's just bizarre . Not at all as pictured . We can use it with other balls , it 's just plain confusing why they would include a ball that does n't fit through the hoop .
 The suction cups do not stay stuck to the glass so it is constantly falling down but the main thing is that the basketball that comes with the net is too big-it does not fit through the net when completely inflated which does not make any sense . I would not recommend .
 My son got this along with the other three for his birthday that is all he asked for he is a huge ninja turtle fan . WHen we got them up and running Ralph was the worst out of all of them his wheels are Like tank wheels that slipped off quite a bit and would get stuck and click . He is also the slowest . None of these toys do anything beside move along the floor no noise , Their arms or weapons do n't move unless you move them as they are moving along the floor . THe only good thing about ralph is that you can lay him on his back and he will still slowly roll along . My son was not terribly disappointed we just thought by the commmercials they did a lot more than they do .
 I bought this ball because it was stated as being Heavy Duty ; and I agree that it is a higher quality ball than traditional playground balls.We have an Australian Shepard and she tears apart all playground balls - we have scores of dead playground balls in our yard.This ball looked like it might have been up to the challenge.The dog played around with it for about 10 minutes ... got frustrated , bit it , and it is now deflated.I also ordered the Baden ball but have n't received it yet ... . hoping it might do the trick.I 'm sure this ball is great for all purpose play ; however do n't buy it if you are planning on having your dog play with it .
 My son got his toy for his fourth birthday along with the other three he is a huge ninja turtle fan , but this toy stinks . It barely can cross the kitchen floor it goes terribly slow . It makes no noise or do much of anything besides walk slow . To make his mechanical arms move you have to do this on your own . Me and my son thought these would be much more fun .
 These balls -LRB- I bought two -RRB- deflated almost immediately and will not stay inflated even after refilling them replacing the plugs -LRB- with new plugs -RRB- , etc. . They do not stand up to use as stated by other reviews I read in the past .
 My child received a Leap Frog game for Christmas that was defective and trying to exchange it has been a nighmare . The company was completely dismissive and took no responsibility for their products . Their protocal is `` it is not our fault and there is nothing we can do about it . '' Will not buy from them again .
 I chose this domino set because I do n't want any colors or cartoon characters . I just wanted a basic domino set and have not been able to find one in the stores . I paid more for shipping than I did for the set , because I wanted one just like the photo online . The price was fair , but the set was a disappointment because the case is totally different and I hate it . Also , the dominos are too thin and do n't look like the photo either . Apparently , it is a generic picture . So , it would make my shipping charges go up to 5 times the purchase price to return it . Guess I 'll keep it .
 I bought two of these little bug jar necklaces for my girls for Christmas as stocking stuffers . I was pretty excited about them because , in theory , they should be ideal . They 're also cheap -LRB- to the tune of roughly half what you 'd pay here , if purchased elsewhere -RRB- . Both girls were ecstatic and immediately began to collect some of the hundreds of stinky Chinese lady bugs that were coating the outside of our house . The little clear jars are easy enough to open , yet seemed to be securely closed once the top was replaced . The views were fantastic and unhindered , and the little magnifier in the top was a nice bonus . They remind me a great deal , appearance-wise , of the bug jars I owned as a child.In any case , we put some sugary food in for good measure and the girls proudly displayed their new finds around their necks for the remainder of the day through the big family Christmas dinner and present opening ... and then lo and behold I find my youngest daughter 's jar lid has cracked and has a small chip missing . Since she had n't been wild and crazy , I did n't entirely understand how this had happened . Perhaps the jar bumped against the table during dinner?Three days later my eldest daughter went on a bug-hunting expedition in the backyard ... and returned with a similar crack and chip missing from the lid of her jar.Now , both jars are still usable - tho they do now have relatively sharp edges . But considering that both broke -- seemingly without rough treatment -- less than a week after they were put to use , I have very little confidence that they will last long.A shame , truly . They are a great idea , a perfect size , and so on . But they are apparently cheaply made.Country of Origin
 This toy contains lead . It should absolutely never be used by children . I returned it for this reason .
 I do n't do many reviews , but the kit came just in time for us to create our derby cars . To my surprise , the wooden blocks were not rectangular blocks as shown in the picture , but rather triangles -LRB- they were cut in half -RRB- . All of our cars had to be triangle shape because of the kit.Other than that , it was of decent quality which is why I gave it 2 stars .
 Whoa ! A block of wood , pair of wheels , and some nails . I could not believe how complicated these all got . I made six cars and each one had a problem , some the same . Nails for axles ; these are crimped and do not go thru the wheel hub very well . The nails then go in the groove provided to keep the axle straight ; not so , the nails tend to angle up whether pushing -LRB- hard to do -RRB- or using a hammer . Play with the wheel/axle too much and the would starts chipping . I had to super glue the wheel hubs on 4 different wheels , the plastic was low quality . Most of the cars had to go to the shop for repairs and not a one actually ran straight . This is not recommended if you are looking for something simple and easy .
 What a great concept ole `` melissa '' and `` doug '' came up with . Blocks with different farm animals that only make the sound of the animal when matched up correctly . Unfortunately , they should have spent a little more in the audio department . All the sound is garbly and distorted . Even better , the rooster sounds like he 's being butchered , the horse sounds distressed , as if being chased by a pack of wild hounds.I would have been willing to pay a couple of bucks more for a better product .
 This toy is good in theory . However , it 's quite disappointing when you try to use it . The blocks have to be in the holder just right to get the sounds to work . Then , when you do get them in the right place with a match , you ca n't really hear the sounds . My kids did n't play with this toy much at all . I recently threw it in the trash - that 's how disappointing I found the toy to be . I would not recommend it .
 First of all , the product does not include the battery and it is hard to put the battery in . After all the effort , it refuses to give even the slightest hint of a sound . Not sure if it is a design flaw or we just happened to have a bad product .
 We buy lots of Melissa & Doug toys and puzzles , but this one was really pretty `` cheesy '' and definitely not worth the $ $ . The first one we received was also defective/didn ' t work . I 've seen much better versions so I would shop around .
 Although this toy is really great and fun it stopped working within 2 weeks of playing with it . It 's not the batteries , it just stopped working . The pictures of the animals are made from paper and easy to scratch off by little hands.Update
 This was so disappointing , I brought this as a Christmas present for my little girl . On opening it was a hit with matching the animals and the sound of the blocks . However after 2 turns of making the animal , the sound started to fade and after a few more tries , no sounds came out at all . I tried other batteries in case , however nothing has made these blocks work again.Disappointed in the product , I brought Melissa and Doug as I thought this was a good product , will think again before buying any of their toys .
 I bought this for an office prank - long story - but as with all the toobs , there is no clear story , the scale is a bit off - the chicken and the pig are the same size , the ship a bit bigger . There is better stuff out there .
 This DVD contains six rounds . The questions are the same everytime you play that round . So once you 've played one of the rounds , you know all the answers . For the price , that sux . I expected different random questions every game , not so . I bought this game because it 's packaged like it 's a rock based game . -LRB- Guy with the Les Paul guitar on the front of the box , Lollapalooza sample question on back , and it comes with a Hard Rock Cafe poster which the box for the game has their logo all over it -RRB- so I bite . Then the game has questions about country artist Clay Aiken and the rapper 50 Cents . What 's up with that ? Plus the game 's main theme music is C+C Music Factory 's `` Gon na Make You Sweat '' . It was still rather enjoyable , except the DVD kept freezing up . So overall , avoid it unless you can find it for five bucks or less !!!
 I really enjoyed this game at first and loved playing it with our friends . BUT , after playing the 6 games you 're done . What a waste for the money . You basically get 6 hours of playtime total and you might as well throw the game out . Big Bummer . Wish I bought the Scene It Music edition instead ...
 I bought this dress for my daughter 's 4th birthday she adores it however five minutes after she put it on the little rose buds around the waist started falling off , and she was just dancing in it ! I was really frustrated with the poor quality of it and how it made my daughter cry minutes after first putting it on .
 My son got this toy along with the other three for his fourth birthday . We like Mikey the best but they were overall a disappointment . They go terribly slow although Mikey is the fastest -LRB- they all go different speeds -RRB- They do nothing more then roll straight across the floor . By the commercial we thought they did a lot more . They make no noise nor do their arms or weapons move that is all manually which is hard to do when they are rolling across the floor they 'll fall down . He likes them but it was not all that he thought they would be .
 We bought this set for our 5,5 yo for Christmas . What a disappointment ! The pump stopped working withoin 5 minutes , and Neptune had a huge hole in it -LRB- impossible to repair -RRB- . Other planets can not hold enough air to look like little balls -LRB- like on the photo -RRB- . They look sad ... When I asked my son if it was okay with him to send it back to Amazon , he did n't mind at all . And this is a boy who is CRAZY about Space and Planets ... I personally LOVE Learning Resources company , but this product did not meet our usual expectations . I am sending it back ...
 I bought this item for my son 's 3rd birthday . He is planet obsessed and wants to hold everything , so this is ideal for him . Unfortunately the quality is low and the materials are questionable . I could smell the chemicals before I got this out of the box . No where on Amazon 's page OR the packaging is there any detail regarding the materials this product is made from . My guess is PVC/poly vinyl . With everything proven about how toxic VOCs and vinyl materials are , why are kid 's toys still being manufactured with it ? Other reviewer 's comments about egg-shaped planets and poor quality is completely accurate - Saturn 's rings are droopy and sad , Uranus and Venus are shaped like eggs , the smaller planets lose air quickly - but since this the only product of its kind on the market , physical flaws and poor quality can be lived with . The toxic smell is another story . Unacceptable .
 The pump is essentially worthless . It took less time to blow them up manually . The small planets are very misshapen . The shape is more like that of a lemon than a sphere . All but 2 did not hold air more than a day or two . Saturn looks like it has pieces of shoddy , plastic-encased scaffolding hanging off of it . Very disappointing .
 the product is every colorful and easy to use . The quality of workmanship in not so hot .
 Pump is a joke . I used my electric air pump or else this would have taken hours to inflate . Even so , the whole process took approximatley 4-5 hours -LRB- including repairing Saturn with worthless patches provided -RRB- . Saturn is poorly designed and had a tear hole at the point where the rings connect to the planet -LRB- a hole and this is discovered the first time we inflated it -RRB- ! The smell of the plastic is so strong in the room we have to keep the door open and ventilate it during the day . If the smell does not disappear I am repacking the product and returning it for refund . I recall the scandal last year in China for using toxic paint in toys . Who knows if these Chinese manufactured products were or were not involved in that disaster . I do intend to call the manufacturer today and request a replacement Saturn . I do n't expect much , but I will give it a try . A great concept , but poorly produced .
 The planets do not form a toy perfect sphere . In the case of the Moon , Mercury and Pluto , the prints are largely absent from the surface and are all nearly equal -LRB- blank -RRB- . Saturn 's rings are heavy and give the impression of being a hat that ring . The idea for inflatable solar system is good , but that , specifically , is very poor . Keep them hanging because my 3 year old son is very picky about those details that he does not know ... -LRB- translated from Portuguese by Google Translate -RRB- .
 Este producto es uno de poca calidad para el precio q tiene . El olor al plastico es desagradable los dos globos mas prque & ntilde ; os vinieron defectuosos con rotos . En fin perdi mi dinero y mi sobrino quedo algo triste ya q dos de los globos vinieron rotos y el olor tan fuerte al plastico le causo alergias .
 My children are very love it . I have just one bad feeling , and this bad feeling is the ring of Saturn . Hmmm ... . This ring not looks like a rint at all . Maybe that help if the ring can be also inflateble.If you can step over the ring of saturn problem , you can enjoy this merchandise .
 I bought this solar system set to hang in my classroom . First , it comes with a `` pump '' and I put pump in quotes because it is really quite useless when it comes to blowing up any of the planets and the sun . Second , three of my planets had a hole in them . Of course , it does include `` patches '' for holes , but it really is just thin pieces of packing tape which are again quite useless . If I were not beginning the unit on solar systems tomorrow and in need of some visual props , I would have returned the set . Needless to say , I am not going to choose a product from Learning Resources for future classroom enrichment . Save your money and buy another solar system display . ** UPDATE 12/4/12 ** I contacted Learning Resources and they decided to send me out a replacement set . I hope that the planets are leak free as the kids in my classroom are enjoying have them up as we study the planets and the solar system . Thank you Learning Resources for standing behind your product .
 I 'm not too surprised that they are not the same care bears of the past , but they could have at least tried . These bears are smaller than the original and are made of a hard plastic . The feel of them is not enticing to my 3 yr old . Their arms and legs do not move , and I 'm still trying to figure out the point of the stars on the clouds . The cloud that moves with the bear on it squeaks as it rolls and the umbrella does n't move unless you move it with your hand . It has gone straight to the `` I do n't want to play with it bucket . ''
 I got this as a gift . The materials are cheap . The instructions state that if you make a mistake in assembly it quicly becomes impossible to complete the assembly .
 I have to say I was very excited about this car . After my son opened it and tried to race with his big brothers all I got were tears . It did n't work . We tried to exchange the car but we could n't . I have to say the seller was amazing . They credited our card immediately . Great company bad item . .
 I got this for my daughters 1st birthday . Put the batteries in and it was hit or miss as to if the car would even go . Even with new batteries sometimes it would not respond to the remote for hours then all of a sudden work for a little while and again back to not working . And after a few short drops a wheel broke off . I returned this item and will not be getting another . I am vary disappointed .
 The picture shows a train , a car , and a helicopter and the description also deceptively makes it sound like you 're getting all three , unless you read carefully . In actuality , you 're getting one of the three -LRB- at random -RRB- . We ended up with the train.We purchased this as a gift so we have n't had a chance to see how durable or fun it is , but based on the sneaky description I 'm giving it two stars .
 Could n't wait to get these , but my daughter and I were very disappointed with them.They 're dusty and do n't have enough variety.Who wants to see camel hair , dog hair , cat hair , sheep hair , mouse hair , etc. , if there 's no real distinction between them?Also the insect slides consisted of bugs that were n't flattened properly , so what you get to see is a lump that 's supposed to be an ant , another lump that 's a fruitfly , and so on.How hard is it to lay the ant flat on the slide ? If it 's hard for Learning Resources , they should n't be in the business of making slides.I feel completely ripped off , and I feel bad that my kid does n't get to enjoy what could 've been an awesome educational experience .
 If you are looking for prepared slides to view under moderate magnification with a microscope , these slides are not for you . They are made by scotch-taping large specimens onto a glass slide . Since they are not thin enough to transmit light , they are more suitable for a dissecting microscope with top illumination . The Konus brand is much better quality .
 The inferior quality of the mounting and preparation of the slides made these almost useless with a microscope.These seemed like they were hastily prepared and never inspected . The educational value is questionable and likely to frustrate any student that uses them .
 I paid about $ 5 on sale for these slides , and I would say they are not worth any more . You get twelve slides , each with 4 different `` specimens '' , for a total of 48 different types of things to observe . The slides are clearly labeled , and it includes a good and interesting variety of things , and they are grouped in a logical way -LRB- for example , one slide has different types of pollen - some of the coolest microscopic objects -RRB- . Now if they had followed through , and prepared them correctly , these would have been great!As it is , the slides show no care in the preparation . When you put them under the microscope , you see gobs of adhesive , applied unevenly , and with lots of bubbles.The objects are not prepared or set carefully . For example , the onion cells , which are some of the easiest to prepare , are not dyed evenly -LRB- some areas with adequate ammount of dye , some areas with none -RRB- , and in some area the plant tissue folds onto itself - which makes observing the onion cells impossible.The slides are covered with paper labels - which are designed well , but the quality of the label itself is poor . Within the first use , the labels were coming off the slide.That being said , it did generate some interest with the kids . If it was well made I would have given the slides a great review . Too bad . I hope Learning Resources puts a little -LRB- or a lot -RRB- more care preparing this product .
 Go with `` bigger kid '' prepared slides . You have to be there to help the little littles with the scope , anyway .
 This is not build like the other toys of the series . Very limited when posing . The accessories are too heavy for the figure and he falls over . Mattel needs to build a better figure . He looks great but slightly small and not manueverable enough .
 Bought 3 of these boats and two already quit after one use . They leak water probably causing them to short out . DO NOT BUY !!
 The prism does work , but it take a bright light and a very dark room . It does n't give off a vibrant color spectrum and is n't something that will keep the attention of young kids . Overall , I expected more ; but I guess you get what you pay for .
 Strange as this will sound , this `` prism '' does n't seem to work . I 've tried it with a variety of light sources -LRB- flashlights , lamps , etc. -RRB- and ca n't get it to show colors . The packaging assures me that it does what prisms do -LRB- splits white light into a spectrum -RRB- , but this just seems like a triangle-shaped piece of plastic . I 've held it up to the light from literally every possible angle and ... nothing . Not at all the fun toy I expected .
 This prism does not work . I advice you to look for a different prism and not waste your money on this one !
 hello - i ordered the painter of light puzzle of a lighthouse . if you look at my order you will see very clearly that i ordered a puzzle of a lighthouse . everywhere you look you will see i ordered a puzzle of a lighthouse . however , i got a puzzle of what i figure is a gazebo . it is a nice puzzle , but i wanted the lighthouse puzzle . so i am very disappointed and needless to say will never order from these people again . i do n't know if there is some sort of a trick question here but i wanted the LIGHTHOUSE PUZZLE NOT THE GAZEBO . oh and i will not be sending the gazebo puzzle back cause i am not going to be bothered with all that goes with returning . and no rating
 My 4 yr old enjoys this tent , but we are disappointed that it does not usually stand up all the way . One of the sides almost always stays bent . It just does n't seem to pop up all the way , even with the support bar in the `` roof '' in place . My daughter does n't seem to mind , but it is always lopsided which drives me crazy !
 This is a wonderful toy for your little princess . Ours loves it . It pops up and is very durable . The only problem is getting it back into the pack . It takes two men and a boy to maneuver it . That is my only complaint .
 I purchased this same tent three years ago at about % 50.00 . I wnated to purchase another due to the fact it did not last over three years . I am totally shocked at the price ! It is made in China for crying out loud !
 It was wonderful the first time we set the Playhut Disney Tent Castle up . However , after that , it always leaned or fell over . It never set up straight again no matter what we tried . we were so disappointed and so were our little grandaughters . We all became so frustrated with it . I will never purchase another product such as this one .
 Would not recommend if you are looking for a durable and easy to store away play house.This play house takes up a lot of room -LRB- would be good for parties , day care , or if you have plenty of space in the house -RRB- . It drove me nuts trying to put it back together the way it came in . After 6 months of having it and even with the help of numerous adults , I still could n't figure out how to store it away `` easily '' . And after about five times of twisting and folding , the frame already went lopsided .
 The lunch box broke without me dropping it . I am extremely disappointed in the product . I need now to get another lunch box for my son , I wasted my money by purchasing this one . He did not even take it to school , the same day i received it the same day it broke . Extremely disappointed . I would not recommend this product to anyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Bought this is in January for my son to use for his daily lunch box . It is May and I already have to buy a new lunch box . It was smaller in size than I originally expected . The latch to keep it closed is loose and does n't stay too secure . My son being 3 dropped it on the floor once and the plastic cracked . Not very good quality for a kids lunchbox . I am buying an soft sided insulated bag this time .
 Our son loves loves loves his lunch box . Is very excited to take it to school everyday . But , everytime , it takes even the tiniest of tumbles , it cracks . The thermos is also the same way ... broke WAY too easily . We still use both because we have n't had the time to replace ... but we will have to replace it very soon ... it is only a month old . Needless to say , we 'll be looking for a vinyl or tin lunch box this time around .
 This lunch box broke within one week of buying it . The stand on the bottom cracked -LRB- ca n't be fixed -RRB- and the thermos broke a week later -LRB- totally destroyed -RRB- . Save your money and buy something else .
 We like the lunchbox because of the cute designs , but were a little disappointed in it 's durability . The first time I dropped it on the ground , it scratched off parts of the design . So , mom did some creative thinking and did some touch up paint and sealed the design with `` self laminating sheets '' . That did the trick . We also wished the thermos and lunchbox were insulated . Other than that , it 's o.k.
 Used this ten times before a slight fall to the floor cracked the latch off , popped everything out , thereby cracking the sandwich container latch and breaking it , as well . I 'm now rubber banding the sandwich container and taping shut the lunch box until something better comes . So disappointing .
 This appeared to be the perfect lunch box for my little Thomas the Tank engine fan . It has a box for his sandwich with another attachment inside of the box for chips , carrots , etc. . It also includes a cute little thermos with a straw attachment inside of it that you push a little button and the straw pops out with the thomas insignia on both . AND THEN , on top of all that wounderfulness is a little door on the outside of the lunch box . First day of school my baby was `` the man '' with his Thomas lunchbox . Second day of school , he dropped it on the way to school and the latch broke AND a hole busted out of the bottom of it . Talk about kill a child 's joy ... I paid $ 25 dollars for this lunch box ! How is it going to break that hard after the second use . It just shattered like it was glass ! It dropped out of his hand , it was n't thrown . The good thing is if it was not for the sandwich box and thermos he would have had no lunch . You know I want my money back , right ?
 My son got the Thomas the Tank Lunch Box Set at the start of kindergarten . By the second day , the front compartment had broken off . We are very disappointed with the quality of this product as my son is not a rough and tumble young man . : - -LRB-
 My son is a Thomas fanatic . This lunchbox did n't last one week without one of the legs snapping off , so it would n't stand up . Then a few weeks later , he dropped it and the handle shattered . Total waste of money . It 's a shame - it has a nice storage box in front , but the quality is below even what I 'd expect from a Chinese sweatshop .
 This toy had so much going for it at first glance
 I ordered this just two days ago and was surprised to see that it came so soon ... However my smile quickly became a frown when I barely opened the box and glass started falling out . Maybe someone will have better luck . In my opinion , too much money for it to be broken . I contacted seller and I 'm getting a `` call back tomorrow '' at some point . Ca n't wait to plan my day around the return of what was supposed to be my husband 's birthday present.Boo .
 I grew up with a Parris replica . 35 years later , I still have it and it still works . I 've bought 3 different Parris replicas , including the Big Popper since December 2007 . They 've been junk . The Big Popper has been used for about two months , maybe 6 times . I thought it would be better since it did n't have as many plastic parts as other Parris replicas . The firing mechanism has come apart twice now . It just blew the popping mechanism out the end of the barrel , forcing the orange safety cap off the end . I 've got a dissapointed little boy who 's taken care of his toy gun only to have it fall apart anyway.Save your money . These are n't worth it .
 Just gave it to my son for his birthday . First impressions
 If you are trying to find the type of pop gun that you might have enjoyed as a child ... Do n't buy this one . It does n't have a loud pop at all . More of a dud ... Over all constuction is cheap . It 's not worth the cost .
 There seems to be two different kits with this name , or the description is wrong . The description said it contained a 24 page activity booklet and a lodestone among the other stuff . Other reviewers said theirs did not come with a booklet . Mine came with a 13 page booklet , but only 4 of those pages are in English . It also did not come with a lodestone .
 This is a beautiful globe with all the educational properties you need , but if you are looking for something to last a long time , I would pass on this one . The glove is made out of reinforced cardboard , and the base is light plastic . Mine came very quickly , but was split apart at the equator -LRB- where they put it together in manufacturing -RRB- , so I had to send it back . I wish they made it better .
 I would not pay $ 33.99 if I knew the quality of this globe . It 's very light weight , my son can lift this up with his thumb and index finger by pinching the top of the globe supporting bar . when he trys to spin the globe , the stand will spin together , it 's dollor store quality .
 Bought this globe from Target and there are parts of both the sea and the ground missing where there are just white marks on both hemispheres . I bought it at back-to-school time to save for my daughter 's birthday . Now it is out of warranty at Target and globemaster refused to replace it . Needless to say I am very disappointed having spent money on a product that is damaged and my daughter does not have a birthday present .
 The map is fine , but everything else is made of lightweight plastic . It 's very hard to imagine this product lasting very long , because the base is n't heavy enough to hold the globe well . We will return and purchase a slightly more expensive product with a stronger base .
 Got this because of the good reviews and cheap price . It 's a great globe , but the stand is extremely flimsy . You ca n't pick it up without it feeling like it is going to fall apart . In fact , simply by bending the holder a little bit the globe will come right out of it . I guess I 'm just used to the globes we had growing up that had metal stands . This one has a plastic one that I 'm not impressed with .
 This Globe is falling apart . It is made of paper glued to a plastic ball.The seems are coming apart , the stand is made of cheap plastic.This globe is not worth the price . The price is cheap but so is the product.Spend a little more and get something better .
 This globe is an entry-level globe and it came in good shape . However , the components are plastic . It 's too lightweight and topples over easily . To add insult to injury I found this same globe at a mega-office store for $ 25 . It 's worth looking locally before spending the money to have this shipped to your doorstep .
 I feel that for the price , this globe is flimsy and looks cheap . DEFINITELY not worth $ 30 . My granddaughter and I tried to find various cities on the globe and the print quality is so poor that we could barely make out the names . Wish I had seen it on a store shelf rather than on-line . I would NOT have purchased it .
 I was so excited about the quick delivery only to be very disappointed by the globe itself . It seems to have big patches of glue or something under the surface leaving big lumps all over.This will be sent back right away . It was for a gift and I would be embarrased to give it .
 Hi , my name is Dani Roberts and I am 14 years old . I was wanted a world globe but I hated word globes . Can you please send it to somebody else for me please ? Thank you .
 Within 24 hours I found gum on the globe . Unfortunately , when I removed the gum the paper came off with it . I would like to know how I can get a replacement.Thank you
 I purchase two of these as gifts , each for a home that had children . I was disappointed that the base was plastic and light . When children spin the one we have , older but with a sturdy base , it stays where it is . I was envisioning this one sliding all over . Too bad , 'cause it was otherwise nicely made.PS I returned them .
 Arrived damaged because the globe is made of cardboard . Also , the writing is tiny ! Though the price is lower than most globes , in this case , you get what you pay for .
 Out of dozens of orders that I have done with Amazon this is the first return that I have made or my first complaint . One of the other reviewers was right `` very flimsy '' . As a matter of fact it fell apart as I was unpacking it . The bottom spindel -LRB- plastic -RRB- broke off . My granddaughter has her heart set on a globe so I 'll go to a retailer and buy one so I can see if it is more substantial.I do n't have a problem with Amazon , their return policy is great and the shipping time was as promised .
 This globe serves the simple purpose . This should be worth half the price . This globe is very light , should be handled with care otherwise the stand feels like it will break . One major complaint which is also complaint of few customers is that the equatorial line actually joins the two halves together . Mine DID NOT quite line up . The equator , which is taped on , seem like it will come out eventually . We 'll see how long this globe will last .
 I bought this globe for my sons . It is framed in plastic and has a plastic base . It looks cheap and tips over when my son tries to spin it . Do not buy if you 're looking for good quality .
 Big disappointment . Cheaply made . T-rex model does not snap together , can not even fit together as parts are improperly molded . Microscope less functional than a magnifying lens . Volcano is ok , the plaster does work , but you must provide ingredients for the eruption . Weather center very very flimsy and breaks . I was quite surprised a name like Smithsonian would be associated with this low of quality in a product . Supplies for crystals subpar for what is required . Was an enormous disapointment after the holidays for my sons .
 I got this for my 14 year old son 's Birthday and when he opened the box , one of the frosted spaces had `` the frost '' chiped off . One of the knights had its head broken completely off ! and some of the pieces were somewhere else in the packaging so you can tell that it was n't packaged with care . it looked like they just threw some pieces in there . The pads on the bottom of some chess pieces were coming off and one of the pieces had one of its pads ripped iff . Half of it was ripped off . I bought it new and you could tell it was used multiple times before . there are staines and marks on the frosted spaces .
 This chess set is definitely nothing to write home about . Everything another reviewer said about the poor quality was spot on . The felt pads on the bases are peeling off several pieces ... right out of the box . Several pieces had chunks broken off of them at the factory , but were put in the set anyway . I do n't know what the glass of the black pieces is made of , and I do n't want to . Can cheap plastic be mixed with glass ? That 's kind of what it looks like.The board is a mirror with the squares etched into it and the edges beveled . Looks nice for decoration , but I would n't play on it . The etching is easily scratched and is n't good quality either ... little spots of missing etching here and there.I 've seen this very same set selling for $ 60 elsewhere . Thank goodness for Amazon . I feel I got my $ 20 worth , but just barely .
 Present for my 6 yr old grand daughter who loves cats but she was not impressed with this . . The quality is very poor . .
 Welp , I have to edit my review . Everything said below is still true . However , my 26 month old has consistently loved playing with this puzzle for the last couple of weeks ! It is his puzzle of choice . So , while I may have found the below items to be a `` negative '' , my toddler disagrees . He actually enjoys the little pieces that I described in # 3 below -LRB- I think he finds them challenging -RRB- and loves to just touch and feel the texture of the letters . Since the puzzle is for him , I will have to defer to his `` expert opinion '' ! ;--RRB- ------------------------------------------------------------- This is overall just a `` decent '' puzzle to have in your collection of puzzles for your little ones . A couple of things to note :1 . The puzzle I received was actually a blue background with yellow letters . Not a big deal but different from the picture online .2 . The letters are completely flush with the board . It is hard for little ones to pick up the letters by themselves .3 . The `` holes '' in certain letters come out with the letter . For example , the letter `` b '' when pulled out leaves only the outline of the letter on the puzzle board . The little `` hole/circle '' that makes the letter comes out with the letter . I was not aware of this and would have preferred a wooden puzzle had I known -LRB- I believe the wooden puzzles have letters where the `` hole '' actually stays part of the board so that your child can actually see the letter as it should be ... instead of just the outline -RRB- . Instead of dealing with returning it , I just glued those pieces down to the board as a quick fix . # 1 and # 2 above are not a huge deal but # 3 is why I gave this puzzle two stars only . When a child is learning lower case letters , they should see them as they are ... not just the outline . I would have purchased a different puzzle had I known .
 I hate to be negative in anything that i say , but this was a rip off . I got this for my little brother last Christmas and got sat on big time by the coast . I think i payed something like 15 dollars plus another maybe 12 or something ridiculous for shipping ? I was sort of excited to receive it because my little brother loves the Ben 10 show ? Well the action figure is about 4 inches tall and not worth the money i paid . The toy its self is pretty cool i guess but not for that money .
 my child has spent a decent amount of time kicking this ball and playing with it . that 's the good news.the bad news is the plug used to seal the ball -LRB- not shown in pictures -RRB- is hard plastic and protrudes . if thrown this hard piece of plastic could hit your child in the head or face . i do n't think it could poke an eye though . second , it wo n't bounce right if it comes down on this plug . third , and most troubling , i believe a child could pull the plug out with her teeth . choking hazard.i think they could have done better with the design .
 `` Let us pick your color for you '' ... Well , I guess I deserve that much.One thing about the ball , because of it 's easy to grab nature , it also attracts dirt . Since my 8-month-old BOY likes to put every thing in his mouth , it 's something additional to worry about .
 Unfortunately the wrong size -LRB- s -RRB- were sent which was very disappointing . I was also disappointed about the length of delivery .
 I ordered this toy based on the picture shown , Ballerinas ... but the Circus top was sent byt the toy company . I have left a message with the toy company but it does n't appear to be their fault ... I hope i do n't end up paying shipping to get the top I wanted.OnlyTOYS gets my top rating , they shipped the correct top immediately , free of charge . 5 stars for OnlyTOYS customer service !!
 It did n't work that wellWas no good!Would not buy at all because I put one in a friends cigarette and they did n't even notice
 I used this on several friends cigarettes and they barely noticed it . So not a great gag . Exploding loads are so much better .
 I was very disappointed in these cigarette loads . . they do not work ! Do n't waste your money on them like I did ! I even tried putting 3 & 4 at a time in one cigarette & still did not have any bad smell !
 Received this product and stuck one in my husband 's cigarette . He never even realized anything different . He only had a couple cigarettes left in his pack so I know it was smoked . We went to a friend 's house shortly after and stuck a some in a couple friends packs . No one noticed . There was no offensive smell -LRB- other than the cigarette itself -RRB- or taste . Next time I will stick with the exploding loads . These did not work at all .
 The item was never even detected by the user . Not at all a gag . Cigs do n't exactly taste GOOD anyways .
 I wanted a Mah Jongg set that would be easy to carry from place to place . It is more cumbersome than I expected . Openings on the sides of the carrying case do not allow for secure carry . Racks for the tiles are too short to build a wall ; tiles are too wide to fit on the rack . The set-up is awkward . The price is right ; however , the set is not .
 Plastic holders and case came damaged . It was packaged poorly in a box 20 times the size of the set . I returned the time and Amazon promptly refunded the purchase price .
 After this set arrived , I opened the box and two of the racks were broken and did not match the other two racks . Also the cellophane over the tiles was broken open and it was definitely a used and damaged set . It was very upsetting and Amazon promptly sent me -LRB- by email -RRB- a label to return the product .
 that the travel game would have tiny racks that do n't even hold all the tiles , I would not have purchased it . I would have put out the extra 20 bucks and bought a better set . This set is terrible with tiles that are extra small . My mother has played for 50 years and never did she ever knock the flimsy tiles off the flimsy racks .
 i try to return the item and emailed the mechandizer thru amazon and send a couple of messages , they reply the will come back to me and send a copy to the seller but to no avail . I found it hard to return or exchange an item purchased so be very careful on what you have ordered . about the item i 'm not satisfied with it .
 Very cheap !! I know that a really good globe would cost hundreds , but that does n't mean that $ 80 is nothing ! This thing must have cost next to nothing to make . Not to mention that it does not even tilt and turn . You ca n't see the bottom unless you get on your knees . I bought it as a gift and I 'm extremely embarrassed . I got robbed big time . Needless to say that I highly DO NOT recommend it .
 There is piping all along the bottom of the tent that has been tripping the kids . It is a small cube that I ca n't put over the kiddie pool or sand box . I used to have a Diego tent that I loved that went over almost anything my kids played with outside . This does n't go over anything .
 I bought this for small children to use at a fair booth we set up . The rings will not go over the stand when tossed unless you practically put them on . Too unstable . Does not work .
 I opened the box containing this toy and laughed . It is the smallest action figure I have ever seen . Seriously , for this price and the overall size of this toy - it is a total joke . I would gladly pay another $ -LSB- ... -RSB- to buy a toy that I would consider a toy . This action figure is smaller than a normal sized pen . Truthfully , this is a total waste . I am not sure if I am going to give it as a gift . My seller was fine . The toy is a joke . Find something else !
 We have bought small packets of Scratch Magic in the store and it has been really fun so I decided to buy the kit for my 7 and 4 year old daughters for Christmas . Completely different product ! It was almost impossible to scratch the top coat off the paper and reveal what was underneath . My girls had to press so hard it would badly dent or even rip the paper and it was so difficult all the fun was gone . I ca n't reccommend this kit at all .
 The pages on this were impossible to scratch off , even the adults could n't do it ! It was no fun and frustrating for the kids .
 Purchased as gift-contains 16 scratch off sheets however sheets are very small , about 6x6 . Used up very quickly . Would have made another choice if size of sheets had been noted in the specs .
 I purchased these traceable letters , along with a larger size set , to use with a youth group -LRB- ages 7-12 -RRB- . The letters are not smooth once punched out of the sheet they are on . There are protrusions on the letters which makes it very difficult for tracing . For the price paid for this set of letters they should have been printed on a better quality of paper and die cut so that they punch out smooth .
 I ca n't believe that Amazon has the gall to be associated with people who will sell $ 4.99 toy for triple the amount or more . These items are toys for kids . I am personally disgusted .
 My first stop for finding this character for my kid was Amazon . Shame on them for linking me to someone charging 12 times the $ 4.99 price for a plastic figure . This is not a collectors item , it 's a kids toy . Do n't support these heartless people trying to ripoff 6 year olds .
 I ordered these letters to use as stencils for a youth group . When they are punched out of the whole sheet they are not smooth - they have protrusions all around them ; thus they are difficult to trace - especially for younger children . For the price of these letters the die cut should have been much more defined so that they are traceable . And , if you ca n't trace them they are virtually useless .
 Parents who judge education systems/software by ability to keep the attention of today 's ADD children regardless of actual educational content may like this . They 'll be the only ones though since there is no educational content . `` I love birthday parties , yeah '' - `` They 're here , let the party begin '' - `` oink oink '' . This is all we here from these machines when we use them , which is n't often . Kids click on the pictures to elicit related and often unrelated noises - that is it . There is little actual phonics training . The phonics `` games '' only ask about one softball question per minute surrounded by a lot of ADD attention getting fluff . These are entertainment systems , not educational systems . We should note that the Leapfrog brand DVDs we have are not like the Leappads at all . The DVDs are very good . The Leappads are worthless .
 I ordered 2 of these and found that believe it or not , these are n't very fun to kick . The material is a bit hard ... not springy/elastic ... so the kids at church do n't like using it . We 're playing kickball with regular 4-square balls instead.This ball is durable though ... perhaps that is why it is hard ?
 I teach a PE class at a school for kids ages 6-17 . There are two different kinds of `` kickballs , '' utility and playground . This would be classified as a playground ball that is very hard and rough . This ball hurts really bad if a student gets tagged or pegged by it . The core is also so hard and tough that it is extremely tough for kids to kick it . I think this would be a good ball for an adult league .
 This was going to be a great gag gift . Unfortunately the color is nowhere near flesh tone . It looks more like the orangy color you 'd see on someone who used a cheap skin tanning product .
 I chose this cat as a special gift from the `` bobo fairy '' -LRB- pacifier fairy -RRB- when we weaned our daughter off the pacifier at two , since she is wild about our pet cat . All the bobos were collected and left outside her bedroom door before bedtime and in the morning the bobo fairy had left her a beautiful kitty in their place . She made the transition to life post-bobo very well though this kitty had nothing to do with it . It is beautiful but she just did n't care about it in the least . It 's been a year and she still does n't really play with it , it just sits in her room . My mistake was washing it to freshen it up . Now it 's nappy beyond repair which is my own fault since I knew it should n't go in the washing machine but put it in there anyway . Even though my daughter did n't care for it , I think it is a beautiful kitty and it 's likability is strictly dependent on the child for whom it is intended .
 For the first few days that I had my Tamagotchi I liked it . But , I think that the Tamagotci dies too quickly and is not too much fun to play with . There are not enough games to play . You earn points by playing games but if your Tamagotchi dies , you lose all of them ! My Tamagochi was an adult , it had a lot of pionts and items , but when I stopped playing withit for only an hou , it died ! I was very dissapointed . Now it is left alone and never played with because it is too boring ! I do not think that you should waste your money on a pointless toy .
 I was so excited to see this Wooden Cutting Fruit Crate because my older daughter and niece have the old Cutting Food Box but since we are gluten free the fruit seemed like a nice addition for the little kids . Unfortunately it is not nearly the same quality . The pieces do n't seem to fit together as snuggly and the velcro is n't as strong so it is more as if the fruit falls apart instead of the cutting sensation the first set has . Also the wooden food itself does n't feel as substantial/heavy and it does n't come in a box with a lid like the older set . I do n't know if the quality of the Cutting food box has gone down as well or if it is just this set , but I am pretty disappointed .
 The fumes are really bad from this toy . Wow . My daughter 's nose started to run like crazy and I got a headache . She loved playing with it though . It 's a very nice design how you can cut it . We have put it outside to air out . They need to make this with something less toxic .
 Everything I have from M&D is sub-par quality . Things break , paint chips really bad , and the stuff is not durable . Cheaply made in China . I always though it was a great brand , but now that I have a child and see it day in day out , I am disappointed . Plan Toys makes FAR better more durable stuff , and has far less safety issues with heavy metals than M&D .
 My daughter is 22 months and loved this toy . The first night she got it she and my son -LRB- 10 -RRB- spent half an hour making a fruit salad together . My daughter quickly mastered cutting the fruit and sticking it back together . I was very pleased with this toy for about 3 weeks then I started noticing chips in the paint . Now a couple weeks later the paint is chipping off of almost all of the fruit pieces and I do n't feel that it is safe to play with any longer . After reading other reviews I have seen that this is not an uncommen problem . I Wish I would have read the reviews before purchasing .
 The vegetables do not stick together . I could have purchased plastic ones for far less , but wanted to go with the more durable wood . Massively under impressed .
 I love Melissa & Doug products so when we bought our boys a play kitchen for christmas I jumped all over this . Their products are always great quality so I was dissapointed when this was not . My kids love cutting the fruit and the crunching sound it makes but after just a few days the velcro got very weak and now it is barely holding the pieces together . We also have the stir fry set and the velcro on that one is much better so I dont know why this set is so bad .
 Whoever decided this was good for four year-olds must not be a parent of said age group . My four year-old received this as a birthday present . His adult aunt could barely figure it out . It 's one of those toys that collapses the moment you play with it , taking all the fun out of the imaginative play that should be occuring . We have all the little parts and bigger pieces in a pile and he just walks around with the bigger piece wondering what to do with it , even though we have the corresponding Mystic Force Power Rangers themselves . I think this toy should be perhaps 1/4 of the price listed . Simply disappointing .
 This may be the biggest piece of junk I 've ever purchased . None of the `` features '' work properly and it falls apart every time it is touched . My 4-year-old , who is a huge Power Ranger fan , was very disappointed as we could n't even play with this toy . I hope to return this to the store tomorrow .
 My son is 5yrs old and this was one of the 1st things on his christmas list . He loves Power Rangers of all kinds but when we finally opened this and I tried to put it together ... I thought I was doing it wrong b/c nothing fit or stayed together !! My son still played with the dragon part that was already put together but the storage bin is useless and the rope that the Power Ranger can `` slide '' down is barely high enough that he stays off of the ground and he pretty much falls down rather than sliding down . The so called `` instructions '' were horrible and another reviewer was correct in indicating how small the pictures were . I would have never wasted my money on this if I would have read the reviews 1st -LRB- I usually do -RRB- . My son played with it for about 5-10 minutes and then asked why santa would bring him something like that . In my opinion it was a huge waste of about $ 50 and gave santa a bad name with my son for bringing him such a piece of junk !
 This toy is a terrible disappointment . It falls apart immediately , is very poorly designed , and ridiculously difficult for a child -LRB- or adult -RRB- to put together .
 My son got this as a gift and I am going to take it back . Nothing fits together and the directions are so small I can not read them even with a magnifying glass . There is no way to contact the company either . It is very poorly constructed and the pictures on the box are very misleading . Do not waste you money on this piece of junk .
 I would have never bought this item if I had read the other poor reviews first . The toy is made of very cheap looking plastic and it is much smaller than it appears on the box . The pieces just do not fit like the box displays them -LRB- what appears to be a large command center where the transformer can slide down the wire is just a little over an index finger long -RRB- . I wish I could take it back but my son has already broken a couple of the cheap pieces . My 4-year old was so disappointed because he could not stop talking about how this would be the first toy he would play with on Christmas Day .
 this toy is a ripoff for 1/2 yr . olds and you 'll get annoyed couase the games are SOOOOOOOOOOO hard even for me a 12 year old and in stead you should try out this game its an internet game its better than fat Tamagotchi and if you drop the tmagotchi in water it dies 4evr 4evr and evr FOREVER DO YOU HEAR ME !!!!! go to -LSB- ... -RSB- you wont regret it !! or you can laugh at me i dont care
 i would not know cause the mean toyrus man said they would be there and they were not . i want one really bad so can u guys make them more there.Please and thank u
 hi its me angain thanx 4 restalking but if u can can u make shure that all the new york toysrus stores are foll wit the storwes please and thanx u
 I recieved this thing last week fro my b-day . It is so not fun.The games are dumb and boring . It sorta teaches you how to care for a pet . But not really . And the first one I recieved broke the second day I had it . Then we went to exchange it and the second one broke right away ! So again my mother took me to the store and we exchanged it . No this third one is broken and it is at the back of my closet . If I could I would give it a zero overall . Dont pay any attention to all the posotive reviews . Dont even look at these trashy things . Forget they were ever invented .
 This stinks they copy Bandai and Bandai will even sue i heard and the guy who invented V3 you stink
 I am not too happy with this item . It has a handle , yet is heavy enough to hurt if a toddler drops it on their foot . It is difficult to reach inside to get the shapes out . And the vertical placement of the holes is difficult to use . Other than that , it is attractive looking and constructed well .
 I `` played '' with this at a specialty toy store and was pretty disappointed with it . I thought I wanted this for my son after seeing it online but I 'm so glad we got to try it at a store first . My toddler showed almost no interest in it . It looked hard to use and not at all fun . However , it looked like it was well made of good wood and with good stains/paint and finishes.We 've had more fun with a plastic food container that I cut a square shape on the lid and my son fills it up with his wooden ABC blocks . BTW , you can do the same using matchbox cars , Peek-A-Blocks , etc. . Just use a different plastic food container -LRB- yogurt , sour cream , powdered drinks , etc. -RRB- for each shape .
 I purchased the skwish for my six month old . He absolutely loved it - found it very interesting , and just right for putting in his mouth . That 's where the problem lies.Any one of the ends can go right into his mouth . The elastic stings have plenty of give in them and it would be very easy for him to do serious damage to his throat -LRB- or worse -RRB- if he fell over on the toy or otherwise got it shoved to the back of his throat . It 's marketed for 0 + , but it 's dangerous for the little ones who are putting a lot of things in thier mouth and who may not be completely steady yet . This one 's being put away until he 's much older - and I 'm not sure how fun he 'll think it is then .
 I bought these scarves to teach my mother and daughter how to juggle . They are too stiff and do n't float at all . I am a pretty good juggler and ca n't get more than 5 throws before they float away like a leaf.On the plus side , they are much more brightly colored than the picture indicates . My daughter still loves to play with them . Too expensive for just another play cloth though .
 We bought these scarves to begin teaching our son how to juggle . The material is not of a very good quality and the scarves always stay creased making it nearly impossible to juggle with . They would be a fun and colorful sensory item for small children to play with . I just would n't recommend it for juggling .
 This toy does not work . The parts are so small they are easily lost . The `` dolls '' are not durable or easily used . It made my grandaughter crazy .
 I found the puzzle pieces to be of poor quality and fell apart easily when trying to disconnect from other puzzle pieces . One of the corner pieces looked like it has been crumpled . The picture is very nice but I am not happy at all with the durability of the puzzle pieces .
 we were excited to take this on a trip , was easy to pack flat in our luggage . and we were excited when we blew it up for our son to play with , it had a soft bouncy quality . however within literally three minutes of playing with it , the ball hit a tree and got a hole . we 're gon na try and patch it when we get home ... but just a warning that it may be $ down the drain .
 I was hoping this would be a nice alternative for my grandkids to a real soccer ball . I was very disappointed to find I had to air it up by blowing into a straw then sticking a plug it . I would fear giving it to young children because the plug would be a choking hazard . Trying to plug it while the air is releasing is a big disappointment and I had to leave the straw inside . No instructions whatsoever as how to air up the ball or whether to leave the straw in or out . There was just a photo of a woman blowing into the straw on the back of the package . I had to try several times and still did not get enough air inside of it . Save your money it is not worth it . It comes with two plugs .
 My -LSB- ... -RSB- has been desperate to learn how to yo-yo . She is not yet cordinated enough and the basic beginner ball bearing yo-yo that she was given is too frustrating . I thought that this would be a great alternatve that she could get the concept with . It was a hit . Helped with rhythm and coordination.However after 2-3 days of mild use the layers of the jelly fish started to unstick and fall off . I would have rather paud a dollar or 2 more for a product that did not just fall apart after a few days play .
 i would not get this game it is horrible.It is boring and makes the game night seem like homework . Some of theese people are people we do n't know . I think this game should be changed for either newer people or older people . You should really be serious to by this game . You have to be a B student trying to improove your grade to an A. I am an A student so i do n't need to improove my grade .
 This glue is terrible . It does n't dry up at all ! Just do n't buy it ! A surface that you want to glue become sticky and that is all !
 My son has not played with this toy twice . I guess he is too old to be entertained by the circulating gears . Maybe a younger child would like it better .
 I was surprised that this received such high praise -LRB- and glad I did n't pay the retail price -RRB- . We bought this used but in new condition , and after a few months , the coating on several of the letters is starting to peel off . If you do n't put the letters in just right , the corners catch , and I think that 's what 's causing the damage . At least one of the letters -LRB- maybe N for Noodle -RRB- jams if put in upside down . And is elbow macaroni really a `` noodle '' ? Not the worst toy out there , but not a five-star item , either .
 This was just ok . I was disappointed that several states ' shapes are not correctly represented and the New England States do not have separate pieces .
 Great disappointment ! My 4-year old grandson who isvery good at puzzles soon recognized that pieces were missingand others duplicated . What poor quality !
 Although it 's a construction themed wooden puzzle , I have received a puzzle different from the picture showed on Amazon . Very disapointing , so I give only 2 stars .
 I do n't know who 's responsible for matching the picture with the product but this is not the picture I paid for . I like to collect jigsaw puzzles for my children and the picture has everything to do with my decision to buy it . My son was looking forward to getting the construction puzzle with the blue excavator . Instead we received a cartoon-like picture with a yellow excavator . So it was a great disappointment to receive a different picture than the site page promised . Something needs to be done about this deception .
 Although my 3 year old still enjoys this puzzle , it is not the one pictured . He was looking forward to a puzzle that has a prominent blue excavator and ended up with a puzzle that has a yellow excavator in the back . He 'll get over it but is it really so difficult to have an accurate photo of the puzzle a shopper is purchasing ?
 If you want to scare the daylight out of your guests , keep one of these in their room . When they go to sleep and turn the lights out - all the animals sound off in unison , they would never suspect the harmless looking peg puzzle for the noise it makes . Even with the pieces in place , it starts making the `` farm animal '' noise when the lights are turned on/off .
 My son got 2 of these puzzles for Christmas ... and they are not worth the extra money for the sound . They are controlled by light sensitive technology , so even when the pieces are in place , they make noise if I turn off the lights or a shadow walks by . We took the batteries out , they were so disruptive and scared our son when they randomly went off . Just buy the regular peg puzzles , they are just as effective , and not annoying like these !
 We LOVE to play Wise and Otherwise -LRB- the favorite -RRB- , Balderdash , and Beyond Balderdash . This game seemed much like those . Unfortunately , the six of us that played it could almost always guess who had written which answer . It was not very exciting and we were all bored quickly . It was disappointing . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I got this game to play with friends when they visit . We played this one time ... and hated it . It was n't fun , and it was annoying to answer the questions . The questions were dumb and if you know the people you 're playing with , it 's way too easy to guess who wrote them . If you like games that `` break the ice '' then maybe this is a good game for you , but it was just kind of dumb trying to pretend you cared enough to answer the questions . Returned it after 1 play .
 Got this game in the hopes that it would be as much fun as `` Apples . '' Although the instructions are simple enough , as we played , we all thought that we were missing something ... there really was no surprise , laughter or enjoyment produced from the `` crazy '' questions presented in the game . -LRB- nothing to really consider `` loaded ! '' more like mundane -RRB- Perhaps the adult version was more of what i was looking for to spark a night of interesting conversation but since this was so lukewarm , i doubt the adult version is any more risky .
 I bought this game and thought it would great but have to agree with the other reviews - the questions fall into the who cares at allI looked through most of the cards and there were a few interesting questions - very fewDo n't waste your money
 Played with a close group of friends , there 's really nothing to the game . The object is to pose a question , and then see who would have answered it a certain way ... with friends that know you well , especially in a smaller group , it 's more fun to just read the cards than play the game.Seemed like a great idea , but when we sat down to play it was outright boring and predictable . For a group of people who really do n't know each other at all , it could be a great way to open up and have some fun ; I would n't recommend it for less than 4 or 6 players even then .
 Overall `` Loaded Questions '' is not a bad game , but it lacks the type of questions I had expected . Really the game in concept and organization is fine , but some of the questions are simply boring not `` loaded '' . For example
 I bought this puzzle for my 2 year old for Christmas . There is nothing magnetic about either the fishing pole or the puzzle pieces . We even tried to pick up other things such as a paperclip etc with the pole and nothing works . I would not recommend this product at all .
 I liked the picture , but it was too dark to see the beautiful picture and enjoy it while putting together the puzzle . The beautiful design was there , but so very faint and hidden in the darkness that it was not enjoyable .
 In general , the puppet I received is nice - large enough to put my hand into -LRB- and I have larger hands than most -RRB- and seems durable and well constructed . One things ruins the whole puppet though . Whereas the eyes in the picture on the Amazon page are horizontally oriented making the puppet look friendly , the eyes on the one we received are vertically oriented , making the puppet look ANGRY ! We actually named the puppet `` Scary '' due to its eye situation . Not sure why the difference in manufacturing , but I 'm hesitant to use it with my baby , lest she get an unwarranted fear of angry giraffes .
 I like the price but it sounds a litty tinney . I am using it to start class and get everyone 's attention . So it works fine for that .
 I was disappointed with the sticks , for 2 reasons .1 -- the vertical angle of handle to the blade is lower than usual ... placing the handle lower off the floor than normal . This made the sticks undesireable to all of my teenagers , the age group I bought this length of stick for . ** If you want to use a long stick that is angled for use by tiny tots , then hey ... this stick is for you .2 -- I know teenagers are hard on floor hockey sticks ... but these broke quicker than they should . They plastic is a bit too brittle . I also speculate that the goofy angle of the blade causes any slap of the stick to stress the blade more than it should.On the pros ... the shorter-handled goal sticks were nice.I will not buy these again .
 This was my first purchase from amazon and I must say that although it got here as promised , the quality of the product was not worth the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , s/h fee and $ -LSB- ... -RSB- express delivery fee . My son was happy to get what he wanted but this toy should have cost -LSB- ... -RSB- the most . Yes , that would include shipping handling and express delivery service .
 I thought the pieces would be heavier . They are made of really thin plastic that is going to be easy for my 6yo to break.Love the piece 's allowed movement on each one though . Maybe I 'll be able to play one day too ! : -RRB-
 I had an `` Educator '' Chess Set when I was a kid . It looked just like this one . Big difference was that the pieces of that set were solid plastic where-as in this set they are hollow and open-bottomed . That set had a nice weight and feel to it . This one just seems cheap.I guess I got what I paid for . Used to be that plastic items where the mark of inexpensive/cheap products . Today , we would n't want you to have too much plastic-it would seem tacky .
 Simple yet great way to learn chess . Christmas gift for grandson and he loves it . Prompt shipment by seller and exactly as described .
 This looked like the pieces would be solid heavy quality pieces.They are not . They are hollow plastic.And I should have paid attention to the picture . The directionsfor the move each piece can make are on the side facing you for theblack , but on the side facing the black player for the white . Does thatmake sense ? The directions are on the back side of the white.I am disappointed is the quality and common sense of the makingof this chess teaching game .
 The bear itself is cute , but the `` womb sounds '' are extremely fake.Rather than a real `` lub-dub '' sound , the heartbeat is a single repeating dry knocking sound with an abuse of artificial reverb . And , other than the tail of the reverb , there 's no background sound or acoustics resembling blood flow or a liquid-filled space . This is not only the least-realistic heartbeat sound I 've ever heard ; if I had listened to it without knowing where it was coming from , I would have never guessed it was supposed to be a heartbeat , let alone womb sounds.Don ' t underestimate your baby -- buy this bear for the looks , not the sounds .
 This bear is a really great idea , however , my son just did n't go for it . So now ... all I have is a really expensive teddy bear . My boy is 9weeks old and we 've had the bear for about a month or so . I bought the bear because I was desperate for something to soothe my baby besides me holding him . I thought if I could lay him down to sleep while he was drowsy that the bear may help him to go to sleep . Nope . Oh well , I tried . I just feel kinda sick now that I 've spent so much money on what has turned out to be just a stuffed animal . Maybe when he gets a bit older he 'll choose this bear as his `` security blanket '' and we 'll get some use out of it . Or maybe if we have more children the next baby will dig it . We shall see .
 I bought this for my 5 week old twin boys hoping it would help them sleep but it did n't help either one .
 This thing did n't soothe my crying infant or make her feel like she was still in the womb . I think all these things are gimmicks . I handed this bear down to a friend and she said her baby laughed at the bear sounds . I guess that 's better than crying .
 The bear is really cute , but I ca n't say that it has helped my baby fall asleep . My son is 8 weeks old , I put it in the crib with him , but it does n't help him go to sleep or stay asleep .
 Bear does not shut off after 40 min like its suppose to and even on the lowest setting the fuzzy heart beat sound it makes is very loud . Gave it 2 stars only because a little constant noise helps my son go into deeper sleep as long as I turn the bear off as soon as he does or else it wakes him up .
 Stella hated this bear and screamed at it ! Will try it again when she is a little older , and if not then it will just be a toy .
 Very unhappy with the quality of this bear . Every time it is touched fur comes off in clumps . The auto off function does not work . The eyes are not safe for babies and could be pulled off . This item is not safe for to have around a baby !
 My daughter wanted a unicorn for Christmas so I bought this one . I have sewn up twice since we opened it -LRB- 3 days ago -RRB- . If my daughter was n't in love with it I 'd send it back . Stuffed animals should be durable enough for a five year old .
 First off , we 're big fans of Andy and the gang.Just not fans of this `` game '' . Granted , they have tons of trivia questions , some of which you 'll never guess even being a fan of the show.But they could have done a lot more with this product . It consist of bascially trivia cards , dice , tokens and a very bland board.There is no game fun to this product . No `` Go back 10 spaces '' , `` Go ahead 10 spaces '' `` Lose a turn '' or anythingThey could have at least made the board to look like Mayberry , and have the Courthouse with corresponding questions , Floyds Barber shop with questions , Lake Myers etcVery disappointing
 We bought this for our 6 year old daughter who asked for one for Christmas . It ripped within the first week .
 I ordered this since I was starting a bunco group . The first box came and it did not have a bell in it . I contacted Amazon and explained it was missing a piece . They sent me a replacement box . This time the box was missing all the pencils . I had to contact Amazon AGAIN to make sure they knew I would be returning the one set missing not one but two items . Thankfully Amazon is great to deal with but this Talicor Bunco Time set is not recommended . You might have to order two or three just to get a complete set !
 This game came with no dice included . No way to return for refund or replacement as it was bought as a gift more than 30 days before opening . Back to Barnes and Noble for me .
 I sincerely hope that you are wagering money or can win prizes when `` playing '' this , as it involves zero decisions . Similar to LCR , except this has no real educational value for small children . You do not have to be present in order to play this game , you just need a computer to roll some dice and record the results for you . Why you would want to sit still and partake in this when you could be doing something where your presence actually matters ... or even something where it does n't , but you 're at least potentially engaged or could benefit from the activity in ANY way -LRB- exercise , read a book , watch a movie , ANYTHING -RRB- . People will argue that the `` social scene '' is the thing of value . I would prefer to socialize while doing something less mindless , thanks . So yeah , there 'd better be some fabulous prizes involved for this waste of plastic and time . -LRB- obviously people do n't like being told they 're wrong , so they 'll mark this review as not helpful . but it is absolute fact that you do not make decisions while `` playing '' this . it is mis-categorized as a game , it is at best an `` activity '' , and not a very intelligent one -RRB- .
 I had read another review that mentioned the person had not received the dice that was supposed to come with the game . I assumed it was a fluke but guess what , no dice included in the Bunco game I received today . Hard to play without this !! I 'm very disappointed .
 I was very excited to get this game , but it was missing the game bell . I bought the game from amazon and tried to contact them . I could not find a contact number or email . I emailed the packaging link review over a week ago and still have not heard anything . This is the first time I have been disappointed with something I have bought on amazon .
 We were excited to find this as we are encouraging pretend play for our autistic two year old son . Upon assembling the firehouse , it was quickly evident how cheap the wood was . We also experienced trouble with the garage door and the first time our son played with it -LRB- normal play -RRB- , the `` hinge '' broke . The house -LRB- which is $ 75 new -RRB- also comes with no accessories . The flag , cones , rope and computer screen yo usee in the picture are printed on the side of the box and you have to cut them out and tape them onto the house -LRB- which do n't stay on as you can imagine . And have you ever tried to cut something so small out of cardboard ? -RRB- . Since the house itself comes with no firemen , playing with it is quite boring . The firetruck -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- and firemen -LRB- $ 16 -RRB- were tough to find - we had to order them from separate online vendors -LRB- we ordered them prior to building the house . Had we built it first , we would 've returned the house altogether -RRB- . Needless to say - this is a huge disappointment and Ryan 's Room should be ashamed of themselves for charging what they do for poorly made and poorly accessorized toys . I will never purchase from them again .
 I bought this for our 8 month old and was shocked when I received it . It 's made in China and , while I know most plastic , electronic toys are made in China , this really looks like something that you would buy for $ 1 at the Dollar Store . It reeks of cheapness . I am sending it back and ordering another `` laptop '' for my baby from a more reputable brand .
 Sharps ribbons are very beautiful and come in a variety of colors - but the downside of this is that the material is so soft , that it 'll last for only a couple uses . I 've contacted the company concerning this after mine just came apart after only one week of having it . When I examined , it looked as though the hems of the ribbon was too thick and since the ribbon 's so soft , the heavier weighting part just separated - so there were shredds of thread everywhere . I must say Sharp 's wand is better than most as it 's made of fiberglass instead of wood so it 's more durable and it has a handy rubber grip.If you 'd like to get a ribbon , I would suggest viewing Cannon Sports ribbons - the only downfall you 'll find is that they only come in 14ft long and the only colors Cannon has is red and light blue .
 The picture is of a totally different toy , very disappointing to look at that picture and then recieve the item . The coloring is even different . Looks even cheaper than what you see . Beware you are not getting what you see .
 It functions as it 's intended - a finger muppet for little children.I bought it for the wrong purposes - as a side gift with a meaning behind it for a friend . It 's very ugly.I would go as far as fugly to describe it . Do n't buy it for any other purpose just because of the good reviews.That 's a lesson from me !
 I received this camera today and am very disappointed . It is cheaply made and has very little for the child to actually do . The `` flash '' is simply a red light that come on when a button is pushed . This is not the quality I was expecting .
 The wood on it is very heavy and makes it almost impossible for a young toddler to rock it . The music thing on the ear is pathetic and last for like 3 seconds and then shuts off . It died the first week we had it . Less than a month of owning it the neck of the thing broke while my daughter was trying to rock it and she toppled over the top . She was not being rough with it or using it in anyway inappropriately . Would not recommend this product to anyone !
 Very disappointed with the quality of these . The painted pictures on these blocks flake right off -- very dangerous for infants and toddlers who stick everything in their mouths to be ingesting colored paint flakes ! These blocks are supposedly DINP and phtalate free , but they smell like new shower curtain , so I 'm wary of what other chemicals ARE in here . The kicker is that these are much pricier than other rubbery blocks on the market . Steer clear of these . One Two Squeeze was a much better choice for us.Another point of notice -- I ordered two sets directly from manufacturer instead of through Amazon , and they are not responding to any of my emails or phone calls . I am very disappointed with Small World Toys and their subpar business practices -LRB- lack of details on their products , items advertised and not in stock , no one answers their customer service number , they refer customers to their terms and conditions for their return policy and then state no return policy anywhere in the Ts & Cs ; , they do not respond to emails -RRB- .
 We opened this product the night before Christmas Eve -LRB- luckily -RRB- . When we went to assemble it , the parts were so crooked we could not put it together . It looked like it could have been cute , but for the price it should have been manufactured better . We had to scramble to find another stroller in time for Christmas . Would definelty not order from this manufacturer again .
 This is a Minnie Mouse costume . ` Mighty Mouse ' was a super hero that dressed simular to Super Man . This is the wrong name for this costume .
 I 'm an avid I Love Lucy girl and I could n't answer a lot of the questions . The questions are really , really hard and the game is way more frustrating then entertaining . Use the money to buy something fun .
 I was so excited to get this game because I am such a huge fan of the show . It 's not fun . You have to track the dollars you win , but it does n't come with scorecards to make this process easy . Basically , it 's just a DVD full of game simulations with no rhyme or reason to how to PLAY the game effectively . I 'll admit , I had fun fulfilling a lifelong dream of playing PLINKO , but ultimately think this game needs LOTS of work .
 I was so looking forward to giving this castle to my 2 beautiful granddaughters who love pincesses and castles and when I was informed that Amazon advertised this products and that it was not even available for sale and distributin I was devestated . Kathleen Smith
 I prefer mechanical clocks ... maybe for sentimental reasons ... and I bought this one because is looked nice . I like that it has a large face . However , the buttons started jamming intermittently right after I received it ... and it sits on a shelf now instead of in my chess bag .
 This clock looks good and is in a sturdy housing . However , there are definite QA issues . The buttons are plastic -LRB- I think the Yugo era was metal -RRB- and protruded through two holes in the wooden housing . They were jamming out of the box . I rasped the holes a touch wider and they functioned fine after that . The setting dial was working fine on one side but sticking/jumping on the other making very hard to set precisely . I oiled -LRB- with WD40 -RRB- and the ` bad ' side works a little better now and the ` good ' side started working a little worse . I would have sent the clock back but I have already opened it up , rasped wood , etc. . . It is functional , just hard to set . I do n't have a lot of experience with chess clocks , but intuition tells me you could spend your money better . I suspect someone could get a real lemon -LRB- worse than mine -RRB- and another person may get a good one ... perhaps they were better under communism .
 I purchased the HO reversing Christmas Trolley set , the same as the Main Street , except for the Christmas decorations . The trolley was only used for about a month each Christmas season and ran very well . Towards the end of the second Christmas season the trolley started to loose power . I cleaned the track , tested the trolley motor and all seemed okay , but it had very little power . When I attempted to use it this Chirstmas it would not run at all . I e-mailed Bachmann for assistance but got no response.Two months of use is not worth the cost.mavdoc
 Pieces slide all over the board so that you ca n't keep track of what you 've done . Also , the smaller `` maybe '' pieces are too small to handle easily and slide around even more than do the bigger , final-choice pieces . Velcro should have come into the picture on this one .
 Within the first hour of buying this product the second hand broke off and caused the hands not to turn . . was very flimsy and not well made . I would not recommend this product to anyone unless you enjoy dissappointing your children !!!!!!
 We bought the watch for our 8-year-old granddaughter for Christmas . It ran for about a month then stopped . I tried a new battery twice new but no luck . Cute wristbands , nice concept but the watch itself does n't make the grade .
 I purchased the Alex Watch for my 8 year old daughter as a gift from Santa . The watch face has a small round purple piece that sits in the center of the wathch face where the small and long hands are positioned . This piece came loose and is floating around the watch and jamming the hands . So , the watch hands can not move forward . Frustrating and useless , since I can not return it .
 Second hand fell off before my daughter ever got to wear it . It 's cute , but no good if it does n't work !
 My daughter received this watch as a birthday gift and loved it . She wore it once and the crystal cracked but the watch still worked . After reading the other reviews , I 'm hesitant to buy a replacement watch . It does n't seem to be durable enough for children .
 The back edges on the straps are rough , especially at the corners . That area rests right on the tender inside skin of the wrist . That makes them uncomfortable and irritating to wear . Will be returning.Alex Watch It , with 7 Changeable Bands
 This game is WAY too easy . We played and I could guess all three of the first riddles in my first turn without any clues or moving around . I looked through a couple of the other riddles and they are all just as easy as the first three.If you 're an adult looking for a fun , challenging game , do n't waste your money . If the game is for 9-12 year olds , they * might * enjoy it.I was very disappointed given the good reviews that were on here for this product .
 I bought this for my son 's science project . The first day it worked wonderfully , but after using it for 1 day , the inside of the cilinder got darker and darker from the iron shaving now the shavings barely stick , and you ca n't open it to clean , so it 's useless after 24 hrs .
 No me gusto fue la peor inversi&oacute;n que e hecho en toda mi vida , no vale la pena articulo muy mediocre &#62; : - @
 My son is a magnet freak ! He wanted these &#34; Dowling Magnets &#34; for one of his Christmas gifts . He took it out of the box , checked it out for about 3 minutes , and has n't picked it up again since . Nothing special here . Sorry folks !
 I ordered this as a gift for my nephew , and the iron shavings were leaking out of it before he even opened it . We ca n't say how fun or educational it is since he never got to play with it .
 Bought this cat for a gift . What a joke ! Very tiny in size and it was all scrunched up in a plastic bag when i received it . Tried to poof it out and fluff up the hair . The whiskers are n't even in the right place ! Piece of junk . DO NOT BUY !!!!
 Christmas morning . Traffic Jam on Webkinz . Tearful kids and mad parents because they now have a useless toy and a code that says it is invalid , because THE WEBSITE WAS JAMMED!Ganz knows how many toys they sold . They could have and SHOULD have been prepared to handle the children that would be busy trying to register and play with thier webkinz for the first time . Very dissappointing and frustrating .
 TINY ! AND SOOOOOOOO NOT WORTH IT ! ITS DURABLE AND THATS IT ! MY ONE YEAR OLD DAUGHTER LOVES CATS , SHE SEEN THIS AND WAS OVER IT RIGHT AWAY ! IT DOESNT EVEN LOOK LIKE A CAT ! IT LOOKS LIKE A LUMPY BALL OF CHEAP STUFFED ANIMAL FUR ! ITS RIDICULOUS ! ID PAY A DOLLAR FOR THIS AT THE DOLLAR STORE ... FOR A CHEW TOY FOR MY DOG ! WASTE OF MONEY !
 I bought two of these because they appeared to be cute online . Having purchased 15 other Webkinz , from Amazon including cats , lions , ponies , tree frogs , rabbits , etc. , these just do n't measure up . The fur is coming out and is n't pleasant to touch . Threads are hanging around the face that should n't be there . Their necks are as thick as their bellies . The tail is flat and looks like it belongs on a beaver . These animals were bought for a children 's Christmas charity . I hope the kids wo n't be disappointed because I certainly was . I purchased the two Persian Cats from an Amazon vendor and not directly from Amazon . They were jammed together into a small bag , not individually wrapped as the Amazon ones were . I would return them except I would have to pay shipping both ways and it would n't be worth it .
 This chess set was a big disappointment in several ways , and it 's all about the pieces -- the Collector 's 4 inch . First , the pieces look absolutely cheap and plasticky . The plastic seems frail and vulnerable to breakage , and the pieces feel very hollow and light except for the weighted bottoms.While it brags about being the heaviest set on the market , that 's misleading . The weight distribution is not very low-centered , which means they are more prone to tipping than a lighter set with lower center of gravity . But then there 's the color -- it 's a sickly shade of flesh -- ugly ! -LRB- The `` natural '' color . -RRB- The black pieces are not even `` black . '' The are more like charcoal . In comparison , the Dreuke -LRB- brand -RRB- pieces are a deep black , and a very tough plastic . If that were n't enough , the quality control of the molding unmistakably shouts `` cheap-chinese '' . These are nearly the same quality of something out of a gum ball machine . Beside the only commendable feature at all , is the felt bottom , which was only decent.Aside that , my pieces arrived with two of them broken -- the queen 's crown was damaged and a bishops top ball was broken off . Again , quality control and poor quality plastic . The detail of the pieces themselves are totally botched . You can see the heavy seams , and the knight 's mane and ears are where the details really suffer . That so many people are satisfied with such a low ball effort and at such a high price , makes me wonder if this kind of slop is here to stay . If you want a very clean and super sharp looking , tough set , with good , deep colors , well-weighted that play really well , then get the Dreuke set ! Dreuke 's only flaw is their ultra thin felt bottom . But wow , how disappointing , for the money . It 's time to expect a lot more .
 The craftsmanship and quality of the chessmen for plastic pieces is probably unsurpassed excluding the fact that one of the pieces upon delivery was fraid on the felt bottom which I will eventually have to reglue with matching colored felt when it becomes unplayable . If not for that I would have given it a 5 plus rating . The roll up felt board is of excellent quality .
 The guitar broke within the first 5 minutes my son played with it & he was just strumming it . The bar that holds the strings on the bottom ripped right off and could not be repaired .
 If you 're interested in getting this as a novelty gift , it 's cute but fragile . Do n't expect to be able to tune this thing to anything relative to standard tuning , because either the low strings will be too loose or the high strings will be too tight -- and , as another reviewer pointed out , snap the bridge right off the body!In my opinion , a toy guitar with real strings , nut , bridge , tuners , etc. that ca n't play even a semblance of a tune is no more useful than a plastic toy guitar . If you 're into it for the small-scale authenticity of a steel-string guitar , this makes for a cute toy , but it 's ultimately unplayable . If you 're looking for something more durable or able to keep a tune , keep shopping .
 The product I received -LRB- Schyling Cowboy Guitar -RRB- did not look anything like the image provided . It was a real piece of junk & not nearly worth the price I paid for it ! I was very dissapointed as well as my Grandaughter whom I had purchased it for as a Christmas gift . It 's not even worth the price I would pay to return it !
 Incredibly poor quailty . I would not puchase . My two year old fell in love with this guitar , but unfortunately it does n't seem that it will outlast his interest . After a 1/2 hour of play the bar that holds down the strings started pulling out of the body . Amazon very nicely sent a replacement , so I could swap out guitars . The replacement one has one peg that will not stay turned for even 2 seconds -LRB- all the pegs come loose but at least the others stay turned for a little while -RRB- . So my child is playing a five string . For the price I was n't expecting anything other than a toy , but it should be a least `` playable . ''
 did not work at all , my daughter did not even hit one string , i need my money back , strings came loose at every try
 While this little guitar is adorable and the perfect size for a little cowboy or cowgirl , it broke in half within the first hour of playing with it . The bar that holds the strings just snapped off the body of the guitar . It was not able to be fixed -LRB- even with `` tape '' as my dissappointed son requested -RRB- . The break did not happen while it was being strummed or played with in any way . We took an adorable photo of my little guy with the guitar to send to the gift giver and as he handed the guitar to me so he could look at the photo , the bar just fell off . Very sad .
 My husband plays guitar so we purchased this for my 3 year old daughter . While this guitar is very cute , it is n't even suitable for a child to pretend to `` play '' . I was at least expecting it to make noise resembling a guitar when you strum it but it is so cheaply made . The strings came unwound by themselves and fell off ; my daughter `` played '' with it about 5 minutes .
 I really wanted this to work for my 3-year-old son but within hours of opening it one of the strings had already popped . A few days later and the guitar was in two pieces -LRB- came unglued at the neck -RRB- . Obviously a child that age can be hard on things , but this guitar did n't even put up a fight !
 We are very disappointed with this product . It has flashy looks that will draw in a child and also lure in parents hoping to wrest their own computer screen back from their young child . Unfortunately , that is as far as this product goes . The image quality is so poor that you can not see what is going on . All of the games are visually cued , so the cheap unreadable graphics render this product unusable . You are better off sharing your own computer with your child and spending money on age appropriate educational games . Or , you can get sucked into a shameless cash grab by the folks at vtech .
 This laptop toy has lots of games , but they are VERY pixely and not at all intuitive . We 've had a hard time figuring out most of them . However , for the price , this little toy d&iacute;ez have a lot of options . Not the best for English language learners .
 What a great product this would be if only we could see the screen . My 5 year old and I are constantly leaning forward and trying to see and interpret the grahics . Why this company would put so much into designing great learning games but not creating a screen we can see is beyond me .
 I have to agree with the reviewer that said graphics are horrible - the toy looks like it has a lot of potential for both learning and fun -- but if you ca n't see the screen -LRB- both too small and unclear graphics -RRB- you ca n't have fun or learn !
 I purchased this for my 5 year old for Christmas . He loves the fact that it has a mouse and a case to carry it in , and it opens just like a real laptop . The problem is that the graphics are so bad that you can only see the screen in a particular light . I really wanted to keep this -LRB- I 'm taking it back -RRB- because it is a learning tool , I just think if you ca n't see the screen , it 's pretty hard to use . We also have the Leapster Learning game system and with the Leapster the Graphics are awesome . If looking for a learning tool and durablility I would go with the Leapster .
 My kids were given these as Christmas gifts . My 4 1/2 year old was really excited . But , the games and graphics and display , and sounds and everything else are so lame that it does n't hold his interest . At 4 1/2 , he was able to max out the `` learning '' programs and as he progressed through the levels , they did n't get much harder . The games are worthless . This leaves my husband and I thinking that maybe we just stick with the fun hands-on toys , like trucks and trains for toy time and maybe invest in a Wii ... at least we 'd know he was having fun . This toy is no fun and it 's straining on the eyes . I ca n't believe they market this as an educational toy . TOTALLY not worth ANY cash ... the designers should be fired .
 I bought this toy for my 5 year old for christmas . The graphics are terrible you can not see the screen clearly to even play any of the games . Its a waste of money . The graphics is the only complaint i have . If you cant see the screen clearly you can not play the game !!
 I got this for my horse crazy 4 yr old and it fell apart very fast . She loved it but it had many small plastic parts that cant take any amount of play . The hitch was also so tiny that she was never able to hitch it herself . It is actually very tiny . The horse it comes with is only about 1.5 inches high . It seems more like a display piece not really a toy .
 My daughter bought the Prince herself . He does n't look much like the prince from the movie and does n't do anything like the princesses . It 'd be nice if her did something . My daughter played with him for a short time and then just put him up on the shelf with her other barbies .
 This handheld game has the potential to be a fun yet educational toy for young minds but instead , it processes Jeopardy `` answers '' in a scroll pattern that moves quite slowly and also provides the `` questions '' by scroll with multiple choice selections . The device operates off of two AA batteries that are secured on the backside beneath a screwed cover that takes an eyeglass screwdriver to access . I think having the screw cover is a great idea with kids but wish the screw was a larger size so time is n't lost picking up the smaller tool . The anticipation was great for the toy to entertain on road trips but the toy just did n't measure up to the Jeopardy name .
 I got this for my boyfriend for christmas because he loves jeopardy but when we went to play it the screen it too pixally to read the words arent clear enough to read the questions or the answers even after adjusting the settings it was impossible to play . Its a great idea for a toy but poorly made .
 This item was shipped unusable . The toy was broken -LRB- great gift from santa -RRB- , it was also shipped bright yellow , not the red color shown in the picture and in the discription -LRB- my childs favorite color -RRB- . This was the ONE gift they asked for for Christmas and it is JUNK !!! Very disappointing . I went to write an unsatifactory initial review on the product , a pop up asked if I would wait until the company could contact me before I submitted . Sure , I reasonable enough to let them redeem themselves . They did email me , said they would look into it and then I never heard from them again ... . Very disappointing ... : -LRB- Rating : The toy is NOT fun - it 's broken!Not much of an educational toy , but looked like it would 've been fun.Not durable at all , it was broken before we even received it.Overall rating is horrible since it did not work . Nor did we receive the item that was described . Waste of money !
 First of all it is pictured as being red . It arrives Hot Pink . My son was NOT impressed . It does n't fly well at all and is far too difficult for my son to play with on his own .
 I have ordered so many item from Red Carpet and most of them are Wind Spinners . This one is really not very appealing.Will continue to order because I know they have better .
 My 4 and 5 year olds played for about 3 minutes before losing interest . There 's not much to do except drop the car in and hope it does n't get stuck . No room for creative play or variation . Maybe a very young child will be amused to an extend that justifies the price , but to me it 's just another piece of plastic junk that clutters the house and gathers dust .
 The `` octopus '' has this highly irritating , thick NY accent , and says the same phrases over and over and over . My 3 boys think it 's fun for about 15 minutes and then walk away . Glad I got it on clearance !
 I was very dissapointed with this playset . the ramp never seems to work right , the toy is unstable , and realy is not much fun even when it works.This one made a quick trip to the scap heap .
 This toy is totally useless . It deos n't make any noise nor does it move forward or backward electronically . It 's a old age toy .
 My nephew got the toy for Christmas and my son loved it so much , I went out and bought him one . Unfortunately , the one we got stopped working as soon as we took it out of the box . The front loader does not go up or down . The front loader on my nephew 's worked 75 % of the time . Too bad the one we got does n't work at all . I 'm going to see if the store will take it back . Hopefully , the next will work .
 My 5 yr . old son got this for Christmas and played with it only while we where watching -LRB- so we know he did n't do anything to break it -RRB- . The day after Christmas morning it stopped working ... we changed the batteries that came with it and still it made noise but no longer would the shovel go up and down nor would it go in reverse . I bought this from Toys R Us in our hometown . I threw the box away on Christmas day so I ca n't take it back . I will try calling the company .
 It 's an awesome toy , but very poorly made . The forward and reverse motion stopped working as soon as the toy was taken out of the box . This is very strange , because the wheels kept turning while we were unscrewing the toy off the box holders -LRB- and would touch the buttons accidentally -RRB- , but once the toy was put on the floor , it stopped moving after a few trial runs . The lights go on , the noise is deafening , the loader arm goes up and down , but the wheels are dead . New set of batteries failed to fix the problem . It appears that everyone has the same issue -- very disappointing , because my child loves the toy .
 cool toy , kids love it , but it broke within a few days of playing with it . Many teeth on the motor gears have broken off so that it just makes a grinding noise and sits still with the power applied . I recommend buying something else .
 This came with two orange pieces and a missing green piece . This item has to be returned and then reordered through Amazon as they do not exchange this toy . The Castle Logix company was very hard to deal with just trying to get a green piece sent . It is a really great toy when the correct pieces are packed , but a pain when they are not .
 Just like a big chunk of us right now , I 'm quite the sudoku addict . I just ca n't put those little puzzles down ! So , I have to tell you first , if you have n't worked sudoku puzzles yet , you are really missing out ! Get your hands on some!Naturally , I was excited to try out a sudoku game and race against my friends to solve the puzzles . But what a disappointment ! One small board , several people straining to see it , everyone racing to fill in the puzzle ... it just does n't work.The way they designed this game was to have a board , which is the puzzle to be solved , and number tiles that you distribute evenly amongst the players . Everyone rushes to fill in the puzzle , and the person who uses all their number tiles first is the winner , assuming the puzzle is solved correctly.First of all , if you have more than 2 people playing , the players are n't all going to be able to see the board well . Some people are going to have the board upside-down trying to solve it . That 's rough ! Talk about getting confused between 6s and 9s ! Plus , everyone 's hands are in the way while they 're laying their tiles , which makes it really hard to see and concentrate on the puzzle.Next , inevitably in the games I 've played someone lays a tile wrong . Then the whole game is thrown off . The instructions say that if someone rids themselves of their tiles but placed them incorrectly , then the next person to finish would win provided all their tiles are correct . Most likely , if one person has made an error , that will have caused a chain reaction and the next person 's tiles will also be placed wrong , and not necessarily by fault of either of the players . It could have been anyone who started the chain reaction.The format just does n't work for this game . My advice is to pass on this particular game . Perhaps a game where people were racing side-by-side on the same puzzle , but with their own puzzle , would work better .
 Our 4 year old son received this toy for Christmas . He really liked playing with it , and it was a lot of fun for him , with so many different games to play . However , you need to squeeze Mr. Scrambles left hand to activate certain things , and his arm easily becomes detached . So , you have to peel back the cover and push the arm back into the outlet . To add to the frustration , the arm constantly becomes disconnected . I 'm not sure why the company designed it this way , but it was n't a good idea . We still play with Mr. Scrambles , but dealing with the arm issue is irritating .
 I purchased Mr. Scrambles for my nieces 3rd birthday . It worked once and then it would not work again ; even after a fresh battery change . I emailed Fat Brain Toys and they were very prompt and kind about sending a replacement . I was very impressed with the customer service I received . However , the replacement is just as bad , so I definitely can not recommend this toy to anyone .
 This product sounded like a cute item . The first one I tried was the herb thyme . It never sprouted . Then I tried mint . A few strings appeared after weeks . Still it struggles , but I do not expect it will get beyond the few strings that sprouted . I will go and buy a mint plant .
 I sent this to my mother , who is an avid gardener , for her birthday . While I love the idea and the design , the seeds never grew and she ended up with just an egg .
 My son got this for Christmas -LRB- 03 -RRB- . The iQuest is wonderful but the faceplate cracked the first time he tried to put it on . It would n't fit on well over the buttons and when he tried to push it down it easily cracked at the top . He was n't rough with it by any means . I would skip this item ... the iQuest is a fine toy without it .
 I ordered this item as a gift and not only have I already wasted money having it shipped to me , I have to waste more money to send it back . They do n't fit my daughter 's iQuest . Not sure what they are intended to fit onto . Her iQuest is not shaped like this and the ones I see for sale online are n't either . Must be for something that I have n't figured out yet . Oh well , save yourselves some money and do n't order it .
 We purchased this for our 8 year old granddaughter . She is very good with crafts . We were certainly surprised to find that the tiles did not match up with the colors on the master sheet . There were many more yellow and very few pale orange and bright orange . There were duplicate blue tile packages and we were not able to reproduce the picture that is on the package or that is on the master sheet we were using to replicate the picture . We were very disappointed . We called Mindware , whose name and web site are on the instruction sheet . They said `` we do not sell that '' `` We have no idea who makes it . '' `` you would have to go on line to find out about it '' . On line where ever you find Mosaic Studio Whale , you discover that the vendor is Mindware . We are very puzzled and very sorry that we purchased it . It would have been a very nice craft if it had the right tiles in the package.There is no way we can communicate that there was a problem , because Mindware denies that it even sold it.Carol Kohfeld
 If you purchese the Video Now make sure that you have plenty of money for batteries , and accessories . I 'm not sure what Rocket Scientist came up with this toy but they obviously did n't realize that there was a color t.v. revolution . I 'm sorry that my grandfather spent the money on this thing and I 'm even more sorry that I wasted a wish on it . I 'm a girl and I do n't mind the shark week thing right now , but I would like to see Lizzie Mcguire , That 's so Raven or other interesting episodes .
 Why Did they make this Clip no one likes it and half of the girls like me cant stand it here are some reasons why .1 Its about sharks 2 . its about sharks o yeah did I mention its about sharks.but for real This is to educational as muchas i like geting my educationI think sometimes we schould have a break.Now let me clear this upI am trying to say if you like it great if you dont your not the only one.But Pease Hasbro If you can please please make something more for girlslike thats so ravenor proud family andifyouget revewis from boys saying chill out on the girl stuff make a seperate thin make make a few for girls a few for boys just be fair . yours truley toitoi4life .
 This clip is the WORST clip i have ever seen . I suggjest that the persone who is selling to slow it down with this `` Shark Week '' clip because what about the girls who have a vidio now they need to see some deceant clips that boys would also want to watch . So , slow down the selling of this clip and sell some more versionse ove every thing , but please make some more SpongeBob clips . `` I hear that a lot of people like him . ''
 My neice got this as a gift and the handles had to be connected to the mop and broom head , problem is that they do n't stay on . Not even a little bit . How is a young child supposed to use a broom with a head that falls off ? I got this toy because it got good reviews . Either they do n't care or the toy we received is missing something .
 Triangle is great . Woodblock thing is great . Sandpaper thing is useless , gets pieces of itself everywhere . Castanet thing is alright . Sticks are sticks . Maracas are OK . Bells are fine . It 's not worth $ 20 . Maybe $ 8 ? If you are using this for kids , then great ! you have a variety of toys to inspire their creativity . If you want to use these for actual music , even in a casual way , I would n't get this . I bought it for my New Orleans Street Band , and it 's been alright . Nothing has fallen apart .
 do n't have this doll because it 's out of stock and i 'm trying to get it but i ca n't find it but i 'm hoping i find it somewhere it looks really really cute i dom ' t know why they stopped making them now i 'm stuck with no doll thanks mattel and they say they are the best ? hello ! they just destroyd my perfect christmas ! thanks a lot :-LRB- i 'm really mad with mattel and if they read this i hpe they make more dolls !!
 I ordered 6 of these to use in the classroom . The first 3 out of the 6 that I opened the battery compartment was too small for the required 2 AA batteries , thus making the product useless . After wasting my time trying to load 3 out of the 6 , I stopped trying and returned all of them .
 Very unhappy ! Just got this in , no box , no case , plain plastic bag . Had to force batteries in , then the LED does n't turn . The image is way too shaky to see IF you can even get it to focus at all . Not worth the postage to send it back ... Caveat Emptor !
 This was for my four year old nephew and he was disappointed . For one you have to know how to keep one eye closed to see anything and even then you have to be exactly on the object and with the exact lighting . It takes a lot of effort . The viewing area is very tiny . Then again the price is right so maybe for an older child with patience would be ok .
 I had one of these when I was a child/teen and was happy when I found this . Even though the design is similar to what I had as a child , the function clearly is not . I had trouble getting the batteries in - the spot is very tight , but I was finally able to jam the batteries in . The switch was very hard to slide to the on position , although this would probably get better with more use . The big problem I have with this is the LED light that is used to illuminate . The one I had as a child used a regular bulb , and you were able to see the items clearly . The LED light casts a purple haze on the items and washes out what you are looking at . I used to love looking at my skin with this toy . Try that with this one and you lose most of the detail and it appears you are looking at an alien 's skin ... funny I did n't know I had purple alien skin . This item may work for some people or be fine for other uses - but if you have used one of these in the past , you will probably be disappointed .
 Hard to use , batteries rattle around inside cutting power randomly . already broken by the time i got a chance to write this .
 SE Illuminated Pocket Microscope 30x -- This item did not work . There was a blank screen -- would like to return it.Anita Lennon
 I purchased 3 of these for work . They area a poorly re-engineered version of the Micronta I have . The fit and finish of the plastic is poor . The light bulbs shake and do n't stay on . One did n't work at all . This is copying at its worst .
 SE Illuminated Pocket Microscope with White LED LightThis microscope is very intriguing to young and old alike . During the past 30 years I have purchased similar designs as gifts for 5 - to 50-year olds . I ordered five of these this year . One arrived with the stitching in the `` leatherette '' case ripped , ca n't be resewn . Also , in all five microscopes the installation of two AA batteries was next to impossible . The battery compartment is too small . One battery was `` uncapped '' while trying to install . These are cheap copies of the design that I was used to in earlier years -LRB- Micronta -RRB- . It might be worth it to consider spending a bit more for better quality -- Carson Micro Max Lighted Microscope
 I purchased 3 of these . Only one would take the AA batteries and then the focus wheel on that one did n't work very well . The other two would n't take the batteries at all . What a waste of money . I can not recommend these at all . Try , for a few bucks more , Radio Shack .
 I just love these types of microscopes . Unfortunatley the one I bought light bulb burnt out the 3rd time I turned it on . The little plastic power switch on the side didnt work right when I took it out of the box . You had to press it up harder than normal to put it in the on position.Cool toy but poor quality . Dont even know were to get a light bulb for it now : -LRB-
 I was looking for a cheap microscope for simple plant observation ... Item was received received quickly cheap plastic , switch very flimsy , after wrestling with it a minute and finally getting the 2 AA batteries in the light does n't even work . Although it was only $ 6 plus another $ 6 for shipping I feel I overpaid . Waste of money , I suggest paying the $ 20 at least to get a reliable product .
 This product is very cheap . I purchased 15 as party favors and 1 did n't work out of the box and 3 others stopped working after a few minutes . We received two different light bulb types . The LED 's seemed to work fine . They were all very hard to get batteries in and the battery covers kept popping off . The on switch was very hard to move . This is also not a very good microscope . It is challenging to get a good view of things . This would be useful in very limited functions . Since it is challenging to use , it did n't make a good toy for kids .
 i would not recomend . . came with no instructions for battery size , had to find a magnifying glass to find battery info . the focus wheel does not give much range or play . i will keep it , cause it is not worth the time and effort to return it . as they say , BUYER BEWARE . . YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR !
 Have had a similar product for several years and love it ! However , I ca n't get the batteries to fit in this one . I ordered two and I ca n't geteither one to work . I would n't order this product .
 I should have known $ 7 would get me a $ 2 item . This microscope is poorly constructed . Out of the box the LED refused to turn off ! In addition , in about 3 days the focus wheel became loose and I have to hold my finger to stop it from going out of focus . Do n't waste your money , swallow hard , and get a $ 20 or higher unit .
 This item was a huge disappointment . I could n't get the first batteries to fit so switched to a different brand . After forcing with all my strength finally got batteries in . Turned it on and could not see anything !! It simply did n't work . Worthless !!
 Cheap housing , cheap optics , cheap light and everything appears inverted . Not even worth a second glance . The only joy came from throwing this against a wall and watching it shatter .
 ********** THIS WAS THE WORST DOLL I HAVE EVER SEEN !! FIRST , IT IS DRESSED IN THE WORST CLOTHES , THAT SHOW EVERYTHING , SECOND IT DOES N'T EVEN LOOK LIKE HALLE BERRY , AND THIRD IT IS FROM A MOVIE THAT NOT MANY YOUNG GIRLS HAVE SEEN.THIS DOLL WAS DRESSED IN CLOTHES THAT LOOKED STUPID , AND SHOWED EVERYTHING !! THIS BARBIE IS A WASTE OF MONEY , BECAUSE IT LOOKED NOTHING LIKE HALLE BERRY , AND PLUS WHY WOULD WE WANT TO TEACH THE YOUNG GIRLS TO REALLY CARE ABOUT MOVIE STARS?TELL ME 5 LITTLE GIRLS THAT HAVE SEEN CATWOMAN MOVIE ? NOBODY THAT I KNOW HAS SEEN IT AND THEY ARE OLDER THAN THE GIRLS THAT PLAY WITH BARBIES !! I KNOW A LOT OF PEOPLE THINK THAT IT 'S JUST SOME CUTE DOLL FOR THEIR LITTLE ONES TO PLAY WITH , BUT YOU HAVE TO THINK OF THE BIG PICTURE , NOT THE OBVIOUS ONE *********
 BARBIE WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO U ????!! YOU ARE UN REALISTIC AND TRASHY !!! YEAH I SOW AGREE WITH THE KIDS REVIEW THIS DOLL IS A S-L-U-T DO NOT BUY !!!
 This disgusting for young girls to play with . Ewwww . And we wonder why 10 year olds are dressing the way they do ? C'mon moms - this barbie needs to be OFF the market .
 AND WHO ARE THE IDIOTS WHO BUY THIS FOR THEIR KIDS ???
 Only an idiot would get this doll . it stinks and it is freaky to look at .
 Beware when ordering extra boosters - you may not receive what you expect . Judging from the photo -LRB- & lack of further description -RRB- , I incorrectly assumed that I would be getting a pack of 60 white ** and ** red boosters . As in , 30 of each.Instead , I received 60 white boosters.Boo .
 This is actually just a refill pack for the Mighty Missile launcher . The launcher is awesome ! But this refill pack came with only white -LRB- the weaker boosters -RRB- . So my kids were disappointed because the product image clearly shows both colors and they wanted red because they are the strongest boosters . Again ... this is an awesome toy . They just need to be more clear about what they are selling .
 So called `` Delancey '' looks STUPID ! I warn you , never ever get any `` Delancey '' junk . The alwas look weird !!!!!
 My 5 1/2 year old did a flu shot study and they gave her a gift card in compensation . We went straight to the store to buy this toy , that she 's been watching ads for on tv . When we got home , I wanted to scream trying to put the thing together . The piece at the top falls out everytime I snapped the bottom slide on . Everytime she slid a doll down -LRB- manually , cuz the water sure did n't do it -RRB- , the slide would break off again.My daughter is crushed . She wants to know why toys do n't work at home the same way they work on tv . She wants to know if the `` Polly Pocket people '' know that the plastic floaties do n't even float . I told her that at least she got another Polly and some great new accessories . We 'll be writing a letter to the company . My little girl just learned a valuable lesson about a waste of HER OWN money .
 This has got to be the worst designed toy I 've ever bought . We could not get this toy to stay together , no matter how hard we tried . So finally I got out some packing tape and taped all the slides together with lots & lots of tape . I expected the tape to come off once it got wet , but so far it has been holding the toy together fairly well . My girls do have lots of fun with the toy now that we have figured out how to hold it together ! lol
 First of all , it took a 20 minute phone call to the company to figure out how to assemble the toy WITHOUT it falling apart . They could not help me . You 'd think it would n't be that difficult for two college educated parents to assemble a toy . The toy is a cute idea with poor craftmanship . It could NOT have been tested for actual use or it never would have hit the toy stores . You can not keep the slides both on at the same time nor can you really keep the entire slide together . This toy went straight back to the store . The manufacturer has to know when something is inadequate . My girls love polly toys , but this was NOT a good investment .
 My 8 year old daugher purchased this item with her own money and was very disappointed once we got it home . It is poorly made and the slides are incredibly difficult to put together and work . My 8 year old became very frustrated and I did too ! We called Mattel and explained the problem to them . In the end , Mattel gave us a complete refund for the item . Do not purchase this item .
 My daughter picked this out as a birthday present -LRB- age 5 -RRB- and it has been a frustrating toy ! The slides just do n't stick together and it 's really junky . BUT we do get the hair to change colors , the water MUST have ice cubes in it and be `` icy cold '' as the directions indicate . Otherwise , it 's a huge waste of money and has put a damper on our Polly Pocket collecting -LRB- which might be a good thing ! ;--RRB- -RRB-
 I concur with previous reviewers that this is junk ! My daughters love polly pockets . I figured it would be fun , but the slides truly do n't stay on and the girls do n't slide down , they fall off . The water makes a mess -LRB- I like the reviewer 's idea about letting them play within the confines of the bathtub ... we turned this into a toy to be played with outside -RRB- . Save your money and go with something else .
 I got this toy for my eighth birthday.It WAS NOT a fun trip putting it together.Sometimes it would even fall apart after all that work!But when it did n't fall apart and stuff it was quite fun.It made a big wet spot on my carpet and when my mom saw it she put it on a towel.Anyway I would n't really recomend it ... unless you have patients BIG time patiens .
 Do not waiste your money buying this piece of junk !! The pieces do not stay together , if you can put them together.The only thing we have left from this toy is the blow up pool that my daughter uses in the tub for a boat for her ducks .
 The toy was very difficult to put together . The pieces seemed like they did n't fit correctly . You almost need 4 hands to put it together . Very frustrating . After you get it together , the slides were very hard to get to stay on . My daughter had fun with it but I was continuously putting it back together for her . Because of the problem with it coming apart , she does n't really play with it too much . It 's more trouble than what it 's worth .
 the fustrating slide comes in 5 snap together -LRB- over & over again -RRB- pieces . After using super glue , it still was an unfunctioning headache . The only smile this toy brought us was when I put it where it really belongs , the trash . We kept the blow up pool .
 Everyone do not buy this thing ! I am someone who really likes Pollys but this is terrible ! The only time I played with this the real way is once , and that 's it ! It 's only fun when it 's together and it 's hard to put together so you hardly ever have fun with it . The doll is good . It 's hard to fit the pieces together . From Hannah . PS . Remember , do not buy this toy .
 We 're on our second one of these toys b/c my daughter absolutely loves Polly Pockets and Water Slides . The slide does n't stay together for more than 1 minute at a time ... definitely not worth your time and money .
 My daughter -LRB- 5 1/2 -RRB- picked this out in the Learning Express . I 'd never seen it before , but thought , ok , i 'll pay $ 20 - it looks cute . I was trying to put it together , and 5 minutes later , the 3rd piece of the slide -LRB- which has 2 slides joined together -RRB- broke in half . I did n't even put much pressure on it . Aside from that , it does n't appear that the assembled slide can even fit between the 2 castle towers . I 've been trying and trying and I `` m afraid that the pegs will go soon . It 's too tight a squeeze . There are many other things wrong with this toy , which I do n't have time to explain , but the assembly is the worst I 've seen . We have n't even tried all the features yet , but the toy definitely does n't do what it 's purported to do . A child can not put the doll in the top , operate the plunger-type water flow and watch the doll slide . The tower has too narrow a passage that my daughter has to place the doll outside the tower . The packaging had a totally different scenario . We have this extra piece in the tower opening . Anyway , I see that I 've overpaid plenty and plan on doing something . My daughter wants to keep it , but I am aggravated .
 I felt awful ... she spent some of her birthday money on this toy and was in tears after 10 minutes of `` trying '' to play with it . Her frustration came from slides that wo n't stay together -LRB- no matter who tries to push them in -RRB- , floating turtles for Polly to ride on that sink when you put a doll in them , a Polly that wo n't go down the slide unless you push her ... and then she falls over the side at the top , rubber clothes that are not slit in the back for easy dressing and undressing , a sunhat that broke right away ... I could go on forever!We have many , many Polly Pocket toys ... this by far is the worst . I can guarantee you that no matter how COOL the newest Polly toy seems at Christmas time ... THIS family will not be buying it ... I 'm 99 % sure my daughter wo n't even ask ... considering she wanted me to `` pack it up , take it back , this is nothing but junk ! '' Her exact words.My advice ... do n't waste your money !
 The box says Polly Pocket can `` race her friends down the slide '' . Yeah sure . You have to push her down the slide which falls apart as she goes down . My sweet 5 year old wasted her birthday money on this and is so disappointed .
 FOR SHAME -LRB- ... -RRB- for putting this out on the market like this . The slide does not stay together . The hair color hardly changes at all . I wish I could take it back to the store where I bought it and get my money back . Consumers , do n't waste your money . I ca n't believe anyone would give this more than one star for durability . Durability does not even deserve one star .
 To be blunt and frank , this toy is a piece of junk . My daughter , who has recently become a Polly Pocket fan , picked this out for her 3rd birthday . She was adamant that it HAD to be a swimming pool . Well , neither my husband nor I can get the slides to stay in one piece or to stay attached to the towers . The swings keep pulling off as well . My poor little girl tries to play gently , but any movement at all and the thing falls apart . As I type , my hubby is attempting to super glue the whole thing together . Hopefully that will keep it ine one piece so Polly and her friends can slide in peace . As a side note , the `` color change hair '' of the doll included with our set barely changes color at all . And the door to the `` secret closet '' is also starting to pop off . Save your money and buy something else from Polly , something with less assembly required ! Meanwhile , I plan to call Mattel and lodge an official complaint about the low quality of the toy .
 My daughter was so excited to get this toy . We got it out of the box and it did n't go together right and did n't stay together . We threw the toy away and kept the inflatable swimming pool for other toy dolls . Total disappointment . They should give you money to take this toy off of their hands ; - -LRB-
 My daughter just received this item for her birthday . I am surprised the manufacturer was able to get one to stay assembled long enough to take the picture for the front cover . The slide consists of three platic components that are supposed to snap together . Each time you add the third piece , the first two fall apart . I have a little girl on the brink of tears because she can not play with her new toy . Do n't bother .
 LOL ! Everything everyone has said about this toy is true . My daughter LOVES it and is having so much fun with it even though I couldnt get the slide to stay together AT ALL . The top part of the slide stays on fine and the middle sections stay on pretty good but that last section that goes into the pool just wont snap on it just keeps popping off when you try to snap it in . I had to give this toy 3 stars cause my daughter is having so much fun with it anyway . It bothers me much more than her that the slide doesnt work.Infact , I was so upset trying to put this thing together I thought I was just being a moron ... so I called the number on the package ... I told her about the slide not snapping together and shes acting all surprised like I was the only one in the world that ever had a problem with this ... and she said the only thing is that the instructions were printed a little backwards and to try assembling the slide from the bottom up AND instead of sliding into each other try snapping it in ... as Im on the phone with her I keep snapping in with all my might and it keeps popping out ... and she keeps saying - You have to SNAP it in ... and I keep saying IM SNAPPING and its not staying in ... We went on like that for a few minutes ... finally she took my address and I think shes sending me a refund check and I MAY have to send the toy back but she was unsure about that and told me to just hold on to it . Meanwhile my daughter is playing with it as is and loves it . So take this toy for what it is ... its a shame they couldnt make it work .
 Impossible to fit together ! Some of the pieces can be played with seperately .
 This is one polly toy to skip . My daughter , 6 years , loved the idea of the pool . The whole slide contraption does n't stay attached , so you end up fixing it constantly . Finally we ended up just playing with the blowup pool and skipping the whole slide thing . She could have done that in the bathtub .
 My grandaughter enjoyed the toy , however it is flimsy , with several very small parts . Would not buy a similar toy .
 The slide will not stay together . The pegs for the slots in the front do not fit the pegs on the slide itself . My daughter has me putting it back together every couple of minutes . What a disappointment .
 My two girls LOVE anything polly pockets , but this one kept falling apart . It was very frustrating for them to play with . The slide would n't stay in the slot . The one tab broke off to hold the slide . Would not recommend this item .
 If I could have given this toy a Zero , I would have ! We opened it and after several attempts to get the slide to stay together , you ca n't even breath in its direction , thats no joke . We packed it back up and took it back to the store ! I personally dont agree with glueing a toy soooo poorly made , if you dont take it back your not sending Mattel a clear message that consumers refuse to pay good money for such total junk !
 This toy is really poorly made . The slide does not go together . my daughter has her heart set on playing with it , so I will glue it , but I 'm not happy with the quality . I have been putting toys together sucessfully for 7 years - I am not inept - it is the toy 's shoddy design , not my fault .
 My three year old daughter loves Polly , but this particular toy is poorly made . The slots on the slide do not fit and broke after an hour of trying to put it together . We ended up gluing it together . I think that if the company made the toy already assembled and the slides one piece , it would be a terrific toy .
 The slides do not go together as it should - and it 's clearly not a single faulty unit . We 're going to try superglueing it together as our daughter really wants this . Her other Polly Pocket toys in her collection are of much better quality , it seems to be just the slides ... Talk your child into some other Polly POcket item than this one . Or buy glue ahead of time .
 I got this for my b-day . First , I found this very hard to set up . It takes about 20 min . just to put the slides together . When I get the slides together , the pollys do not slide down , and instead , they fall off . The water overflows , so I 'm still trying to dry off my room . Do n't buy it , instead , just get a basic set of Polly Pockets .
 im 9 years old to tell you . well second of all its hard to put together !!! and plus you cant put it together !! if you do and put your polly on it your polly falls off the edge ... third of all the pool is not even high and it over floods in a minute the water slides are bad !!!! i still use it and all its just i really cant
 I rarely complain to any company , but this one made me furious ! My daughter loves Polly dolls and toys and was so excited to get this one as a gift , but when we got home it took hours for her two educated , skilled parents to even somewhat get this thing together . The slides never fit on ! They did n't seem to match up and never stayed on at all ! Hard to use the toy without the main features ! My daughter now just plays with the pool and I have boxed up the rest of the mess to someday send back to the company -LRB- when I get around to it ... -RRB- . This was a disaster ! I am only glad I did n't pay a penny for it , as it was a gift . Do n't waste your time ! If I could have given this toy no stars I would have !
 This is the worst toy I have ever bought . My twins LOVE Polly Pocket and I usually do n't have any problems with their playsets , but the Wild Waves Castle ended up being a disaster ! I could NOT put it together and it actually BROKE while I was trying to assemble it . Do n't bother with this playset - it only brings heartache !
 Though Polly Pocket dolls are played with a lot in my house , the Wild Waves Castle was only used once . It is cumbersome when assembled , tippy , and does n't work like it 's supposed to . Because some water splashes from the slides , I put the base in a waterproof tray for play . Disassembled , it just sits there because it 's not worth the trouble to snap it all back together again . This toy is an invitation for a mess of water on your floor and it 's a pain to store .
 This appears to be a really cute toy , but it does n't stay together . I finally glued the slide together , but now it is not easy to store . My daughter likes it , but is also frustrated with the slide repeatedly falling apart . There are cuter Pollys out there !
 I like BARBIE alot and this doll is VERY educational but do n't like her that much because when I got it she had a cardboard doghouse and my mommy says `` My dater russie is alergic to cardboard ... I think ... she ate it once and threw up ... I am disgusted at carboard ! '' So I think this doll should get an acual dog house for ... NOT A CARDBOARD ONE !!!!!!
 I like BARBIE alot and this doll is VERY educational but do n't like her that muche because when I got it she had a cardboard doghouse and my mommy says `` My dater russie is alergic to cardboard ... I think ... she ate it once and threw up ... I am disgusted at the cardboard ! '' So I think this doll should get an acual dog house for ... NOT A CARDBOARD ONE !!!!!!
 My toddler loves puzzles and usually melissa & doug 's are great , but I am not happy with this one . The ` dazzling ' shiny pieces make the picture hard to see & the pieces are all the same shape - so it 's quite hard to put together , even for me . Also , a couple of the pieces have started peeling and they are very stiff and have to broken apart individually when you want to start over .
 The ships act essentially as roads , and the islands serve only to slow down gameplay , and make confrontations with other players less likely . I would not recommend this as an add on to the base settlers game.Cities and Knights is a far superior way to get more out of your SoC experience .
 The shuttle itself is die cast but the tanks are plastic and the small pins that hold them to the shuttle broke off immediately when my son removed them . Then , the tail assembly -LRB- which is made of metal -RRB- fell off as well . No glue we use to put it back together seems to hold it for long . It 's very disappointing and unfortunate , because there does n't seem to be any space shuttle out there with removable tanks that gets good reviews , and my son wants the whole thing , not just the orbiter by itself .
 There are 3 pieces
 All time record for toy breaking . Within 5 minutes the little plastic posts which attach the shuttle to the booster rockets . Do n't buy this !
 I purchased many of these for the `` parting gift '' at my son 's astronaut party . Unfortunately the tiny pieces that clip everything together break very easily . My son who was initally thrilled with this toy , was very disappointed with minutes of playing with it when these little plastic tabs broke . It would probably be a good cake topper , but not intended to be played with .
 My son got this for his eighth birthday . First of all , it is not a `` Robot '' by any stretch of the imagination - you can only make it go forwards and backwards - and that very slowly . You have no control over the `` moveable '' arms or head and you can not make it turn or do anything really . Several of the things you build according to the instructions do n't do anything except sit there and blink - not all that exciting . It took adult strength to get many of the poorly fitting pieces together . On the larger constructions the gears mesh so badly that most of your limited battery power is sucked up trying to turn them all - and the strain inevitably causes the poorly fitting wheels to fall off . Did anybody bother to `` kid test '' this thing before it wound up at all the `` educational toy '' outlets ? I 'm guessing not . Well , here is the lesson we learned - even a so-called `` educational toy '' can be a complete rip-off .
 We gave this to our 6 year old for his birthday and it was broken before bedtime . The base piece that is the remote control and wheels etc. was not made very well and now he can not make any of the featured robots . He has other Gears sets so he can use the peices for other projects , but this one is very disappointing - especially for the money .
 Unfortunately , I too have to agree with the other reviews of this toy . Do n't buy it , hands down . It should n't be purchased for less than 7 years if you do take the chance . The gears are entirely too hard to put together and once they are together , you ca n't get them apart without adult help . The antenna broke within the first day and for the $ 50 it cost , it 's absolutely ridiculous . However , the idea is wonderful - kids love to play with this guy but he just is n't durable . This toy DEFINITELY needs to go back to the drawing board and constructed of more durable materials and made to withstand the playtime for which it was created . Right now , I 'm not sure what I 'm going to do with it . It needs to go back for a refund !
 Unfortulately have to agree with both previous reviewers . Toy lasted about one day in my home before the antenna broke off the base unit , rendering the robot useless . Pieces are hard to fit together and require an adult to build the robot . Also , the non-replaceable battery within one of the flashing pieces burned off within a day . The toy certainly had a huge wow factor right out of the box and my boy was thrilled with the present . He still has fun with the other pieces making the gears turn etc. .
 My son recieved this as a gift for his 5th birthday . As the other reviewers mentioned the toy falls apart on day one . Several pieces broke off after the first week . The problem is now my son absolutely loves this thing and I am stuck with constantly explaining to him why it is broken and why certain parts do n't work , etc. . I have glued several of the pieces together to prevent them from falling apart when he uses the remote to make it move . They definitely did not play test this thing well . It 's too bad because kids love things with lights and gears and this has it all . If only it would stay in one piece for more than 20 seconds . The instructions are also very complicated as is the building process , so you will have to help any child with this toy . I would not buy this toy , and if you got it as a gift like me , then get the superglue ready .
 This toy is too difficult to put together for a 7 year old . It only moves forward and back and the gears do n't move together smoothly at all . The site I bought this from was an educational toy site , and did not have reviews on its products . If I had read the reviews as on this site , I would have seen it got 1.5 stars out of 5 . I would like to give it a 0 . I will return it to the vendor and read reviews next time . Do n't buy this . I 'm sure there is something better out there .
 My son got this a year ago for his 6th birthday . He 's very careful , smart & follows instructions well . The robot was fairly disappointing . Most kids will lose interest with it if they only build the guy on the box.Not one to worry , we used the parts with our other G!G!G ! sets to make all kinds of wonderful things . He 's been using the motorized base , which only goes back and forth , to power all sorts of contraptions that do n't necessarily `` roll . '' But today he dropped it a very short fall , and the antenna/IR receiver snapped.I came to look for parts or to replace - as I said he is extremely good with his toys . However , I ca n't see buying another whole kit , and this easily broken base is n't available on its own . This is the ONLY G!G!G ! set we have that has a WIRELESS remote . The others have wired ones.It 's not a toy for most .
 I normally do not review products but feel compelled to do so due to the tremendous disappointment this recent Christmas gift generated . The lights on the IllumaBot do not work at all even though the activation tabs were still in tact and the the box was completely shrink wrapped indicating it had never been opened before purchase . The lights were one of the major attractions to this particular product . Additionally , when the robot is activated , it is a very jerky movement with some of the pieces falling off even though each part was carefully and securely attached during the building and again after the parts fell off during activation . After contacting the manufacturer I was told to return the product at my expense and they would ship a new product to me . I 'm very disappointed in the product as well as the manufacturer 's response . My 6 year old grandson who received this for Christmas was also extremely disappointed . I am debating about shipping the product back vs. losing the $ 50.00 initially invested.My grandson says `` do not buy one of these '' .
 We were excited when my son received this toy as a gift since we enjoyed our other Gears , Gears , Gears set . However , this toy is very frustrating for both kids and parents . My son received this almost a year ago , and when I pulled it out today , I now remember why we did n't play with it all year . After getting the `` robot '' assembled , it quickly falls apart . The wheels fall off within a few seconds of driving the toy . The control also fails after a few minutes of play . It seems that if I take out the batteries and reinsert it solves the problem and the remote control works again , but it is quite frustrating . So between the robot falling apart -LRB- the wheels , head , and arms do not stay on correctly -RRB- , and the control not working , it is a terrible toy . Every few minutes I am `` fixing '' the toy . I do not recommend you purchase this product . We 've been very disappointed .
 My son received this toy when he was 5 years old . I 'm proud to say that I have a boy who loves to build things on his own so at first glance he LOVED the idea of being able to build his own robot . With minimal help he was able to build a few of the creations on his own . He really enjoyed this toy . That being said this robot only moves forward and backwards with no control over the head or arms . It has many pieces that fit together rather tightly and it was difficult for my son to take the pieces apart when he wanted to make something new . Truthfully , I had to use so much force to separate the blocks that some of them have little stress cracks in them . Also when the Robot is built and on the move , the wheels tended to fall off . It was a good gift but unfortunately it will only provide minimal entertainment value and it is n't durable enough to last more than a few months .
 I somehow missed the reviews when purchasing this item . If I would have read them I could have saved myself the trouble of buying this toy for a 6 year old . I can only reiterate the other reviews - adult help is needed to make the pieces fit together , the remote control only goes backwards and forwards - not that it matters much because the wheels do n't actually turn for the robot to move in any direction , and the arms fall off when the robot moves at all . Thank goodness for the Amazon return policy .
 Very poor design . Do NOT buy . Rec 'd it as a gift for my 6 year old and the head keeps coming off and also one wheel keeps coming off after it rolls a foot or so.Idea is nice , but it 's a piece of junk .
 I bought this through amazon and found it is not worth the money I paid . It is small and looks like super market toy and not like a miniature . I wont recommend this to anybody specially at this price . When U add shipment cost it is substantially high
 I ordered this for my son for xmas and before the day was over the propelers were broke off and the wheels . Now the body is made of metal and seems very sturdy but everything else is made of an extremely britle plastic . This would be and exelent piece for a collector but as for a toy forget it .
 Rotors fell off with it 's first drop on the floor . My two year old fanatic lost it . Why are the rotors cheap plastic and all other parts durable metal ? Terrible product .
 This plush was much larger than the description of the item . I was n't sure what to believe , the title or the item description so ordered it hoping that it matched the description . But it was the opposite . It was a huge stuffed animal .
 The dimensions for this tea set should really be included in the product description !! I assumed that the pieces in this set were regular-sized , however , all of the pieces are super small , borderline munchkin-sized !! The plates are approx . 2.5 '' across , and the little `` cups '' , if you can call them that , are less than 2 '' wide ... VERY DISAPPOINTED w / the size ... My 3-yr old daughter LOVES Dora , so she does n't care , but for the price , I really was expecting usable , large tea cups and saucers ... I am definitely returning this as soon as I get the chance !!!
 How big is this toy?This toy is not . CUZ YOU BETTER STOP LOSER!BRATZ ROCK AND THIS SUCKZ . I ROCK AND YOU SUCK !
 PANDA Z IS OUT OF STOCK FOR GET THIS BABYISH TOY I LOVE BRATZ CUZ THEY ROCK THIS WORLD SO DEAL WITH IT!LOVE GOTIC JENNY
 This item is not that durable . Also , the battery compartment if very difficult to close and then when we wanted to open it , we could n't . Dissappointed that the wind ranges are not actuallying on the item . Does not really register any wind unless it is alot to get all three lights to light up . Low wind speeds do not register the first two lights -LRB- or the lower range -RRB- . Would have been nice to have the ranges listed right on the item.Also the 30 fantastic activities are not fantastic . The one my son was most excited about is making lighting . I was curious as to what they would have him do too . All they have you do is put a blanket over your head and pull it off to creat a static charge . Does not work all that well . Must really really watch and try it many many times before actually getting the `` lighting '' . Overall this item did not meet my expectations nor does it hold my sons attention . Another toy sitting on the shelf collecting dust .
 My daughter likes her My First Leappad , but after several months use , the pen has wires showing ! I called Leapfrog and after a series of frustrating phone calls , I find out that they do n't make the replacement pen for the My First Leappad anymore ! At first the customer service agent told me they have the pen and I paid for it . The package I recieved in the mail had an old leappad system that does n't work and 2 pens that do n't fit my leappad . When I called back , it was a 2 hour ordeal . Finally , I spoke with a supervisor who told me that despite the fact that it was their mistake , I had to pay to ship everything back to them , then they would refund my money ! Not only am I upset by this treatment , but I ca n't believe they do n't make the pens anymore . I have invested in a lot of books for this leappad and now it is useless . What a waste of money ! I can not in good conscience buy from LeapFrog again !
 We purchased this toy last year -LRB- 2008 -RRB- and it was used minimally since then . After the first few months the sound started getting weaker and weaker . We tried replacing the batteries but the sound just got worse . Two months ago the toy just died and we could no longer use it . I spent money on both the LeapPad and an extra cartridge and now feel ripped off since it was clearly a defective product . We are now very careful about any product from LeapFrog since the build quality of this product was so poor that it should have never been sold .
 This potty doll does not facilitate potty training very well ... He does not actually use the potty and I found with my 27 month old that he needed to see where the `` pee '' was coming from and where it went . Elmo does not have to take a drink from the sippy cup to go potty ... any object will cause him to gulp ... Over all I would recommend it only to those who are introducing the thought and not those who are going to use it during the training process .
 This item costs 329 dollars ?!?!?!?!?! Are they serious ? What makes it so fantastic that it would cost any more than 40 bucks , max ???
 The toy itself is a hit for 2 - 2 1/2 year olds ; however , the way it works does n't really make sense . Intuitively , one would believe that if you put Elmo on the potty that he would n't give the `` did n't get to the potty '' in time comment , but that is not how the toy works . The children seem to love it though ! Would be better with volume control : - -RRB-
 Potty Elmo is by far the worst of the Elmo 's . It is not soft . It is not plush . It does n't look like the others . It is not as cute or as fun . You can lose the parts and Elmo does n't set well on the potty . Do n't waste your money . Go by your kid a potty chair and sing a potty song . You will save money and not have an ugly Elmo .
 i dont like it ... responses are delayed ... i just dont like it ... it doesnt even sound like elmo ... my son got this toy yesterday he is 18 mon. and he already figured out that there is a button in elmo 's mouth to press and thats how he gets to gulp ... there goes the feeding cup ... he doesnt use the feeding cup to feed elmo ... he is more fascinated with pressing the button himself with his finger ... o well thats a loss ...
 Elmo was cute , but he did n't inspire actual potty training in my child .
 This one does n't dance or sing , it does talk a bit but is also more of a stuffed animal than the previously released hard robotic types . IMPORTANT TO KNOW
 Potty Elmo says he has to go . Then he says he did n't get to the potty in time , and he 's sorry . Or he says that nothing happened . He never says `` I did it ! '' or `` I went to the potty . `` What this toy is teaching is how NOT to toilet train . Why do I need a toy to do that ?
 Out of the box this pool seemed nice . It was easy to put together and with the help of an air compressor it was blown up in minutes . I enjoyed going in there with my 2 year old daughter -LRB- twice -RRB- until I pulled the drain plug and it took the lining of the bottom of the pool with it . What a huge disappointment ! I shopped around and decided to get this particular one because of the nice canopy . Obviously the quality is terrible . Up until it ripped my daughter absolutely loved it . What a bummer .
 Since I did n't get three astronauts I thought I was getting with the Mars Adventure Rover Set , I ordered this one to go with it . Since it was the same brand as the Rover Set , I thought the figures would be the same size . They were n't . And , before I was even able to give it to my grandson , one of the hands fell off . The helmets do n't fit , and the parts that the figures are supposed do n't fit in their hands .
 This kite is very heavy . you need a very strong wind to have it up in the air.so , I 'm sorry I bought it .
 I usually dont write reviews -LRB- call me lazy -RRB- however I am writing for this one because I wanted to share my not so happy experience with this product.I am by no means an expert at kite flying nonetheless the previous 2 kites I picked from Target worked like a charm , however they did not last long . Therefore this time I wanted to go with something more durable and long lasting so picked up this kite.I live on the waterfront of Hudson river , it is usually quite windy by where I live yet I would not get this kite to take off . I had 2 unhappy toddlers at the end of all of my 3 sessions to get this kite to work . I finally have returned this kite today .
 I 've never seen a kite this small and it is a silly idea to make one so small . Do n't buy it !
 This kite was easy to get up , fun and easy to fly , but disappointing because the tail was glued on and came off after a few minutes . I would have glued it back on , but we lost it over water .
 Cool idea , but this one is n't a winner as far as its flight qualities . Wish it acted more like a wing .
 I bought this for my 5 year old daughter for Christmas to use with the Mountain Overpass Set she got last Christmas . I thought that it would be neat for the bus to go around the roadway and set off the roadway sounds as she played with the trains . This is the first battery-powered vehicle/engine I 've purchased so I opened it up to try it out . I found that Bertie did n't have the power to go up hills and did n't have the traction to come down without racing along and falling off of the side of the track . Bertie did n't work well going around the 3 1/2 inch curved track either ; she kept veering off of the track and I had to put her back on . My advice is , if your track includes hills and small curves this purchase may only frustrate your child to the point of them not even using it . I am not going to pay twice as much for this Bertie when my daughter will have to guide her around the track manually anyway . I will be taking this back to the store and getting her the original Bertie .
 I bought the battery powered Lady train for my toddler son . He just loves it . Then I bought Bertie at a store closing sale thinking it would be just as fun . However we found that the bottom of the bus falls low enough along the wheels that my son gets the skin of his fingers stuck when the wheels turn . So it pinches him . Ouch ! Poor guy . It actually pinched me a couple times . We do n't let him play with it . That 's why I give this car only one star for fun . If this did n't happen it would be a 5 like our Lady car .
 This also pinched my children 's hands and fingers . The manufacturer was advised and a new , non battery powered was offered and a battery powered Percy .
 My son absolutely LOVES Bertie , he barely puts him down . Unfortunately when he does put him down , it pinches his fingers and worse yet he barely moves even with a fresh battery . He gets stuck at every track connection that 's every 4 or so inches , hills ... ha ! I do like Bertie , he is one of my favorite characters and it pains me to write a bad review of him .
 We 've owned a few of these battery powered Thomas the Tank Engine & Friends toys and one of the 7 has continued to work . I 'm sending ours back .
 I ORDERED A DOLL HOUSE FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTERS BIRTHDAY . THEY WERE QUICK TO TAKE MY MONEY OUT OF MY ACCOUNT BUT I NEVER GOT THE DOLL HOUSE . I EMAILED THEM MANY TIMES AND THEY WOULD NOT RESPOND . BAD VENDOR - BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE . I DO N'T KNOW HOW I WILL EVER GET MY MONEY BACK . AMAZON SHOULD DROP THEM - ASAP !!!!!!!!!!! LAURA GARRETTSAD GRANDMA
 This is by far the worst book case or storage system I have ever assembled . We are expecting our 2nd child in a month so we have purchased several different storage items in the last month . Every other one went together with ease . The instructions are vague and after 3 hours the shelves are actually crooked and I 'm not even finished.Stay away unless you want to spend 4 hours putting together a poorly made bookshelf .
 I had the same problem when I ordered the dollhouse for my daughter for Christmas . $ was deducted , item never arrived and I tried and tried to contact the customer , but never got a response ! I finally got my money back through Amazon .
 What you get is a plastic desk base with an acrylic lens . You have a small viewing area without distortion . Not the clearest view even in the sweet spot .
 Imagine the young lads disappointment when the wheels fell off the back tender on Christmas morning . Santa was disparaged for shoddy manufacturing ! The toy train was returned for a refund . Made in China .
 I am a Ford fanatic and a general Car buff . I 'd love to see bricksets to build/modify the great muscle cars . When I saw this kit , I had to have one . GT40s are one of my favorites and this is the modern version of a 40 . I was initally quite impressed with the assembly . The bricks fit together very well - except for the chrome 1x1 `` buttons '' , they only want to pop-off - and the vehicle is `` tight '' . The quality-control on these bricks is very good . Megablok is running just behind Lego in that regard with about 98 % of their brick.However , the way the doors attach to this model is a mess . The feeble little prongs that are supposed to fit into holes in the rocker and upper jam do not work well . You have to have the car assembled very tightly to even have a ghost of a chance . My car is very tight and the doors would still wiggle loose if a child actually really played with it.So much of the vehicle is really big preformed panels that all you can really build with this is a Ford GT . Reuse is pretty much limited to everything under the shell.The vehicle itself is impressively large - so big it may be hard to find a spot to just `` display it '' if that is your intention.On the whole , if someone just wants a GT for display purposes , get them a die-cast model.A young child playing with this model might be very frustated by how the doors fall off every 5 minutes while playing with it.It looks like Megabloks intends this vehicle to be the begining of a line of performance models . I hope that they pay a little more attention in the future to playability options . It would n't have been too hard to engineer a door-mounting technique that would work better than what this car has .
 My son received this as a gift and was thrilled . It was what he always wanted . But upon putting the gift together it is very evident that MegaBloks is far inferior to Lego and Playmobil in terms of quality.The peices did not go together well . I thought I had the entire structure together and I went to apply a little pressure to put on the last peice and to hold the badly fitting parts together and the entire setup would collapse and break into individual peices . This happened many times before I could get it all together . It is extremely frustrating to assemble , and my 5 year old did not appreciate his dad cussing while trying to assemble the present he loved so much.In addition to badly fitting peices . . it comes with a guidewire that has been pre-adjusted to a set length that does not match the length required by the instructions.I gave this one star for durability , not because the product is easily broken , I gave it a low rating because since the peices fit together so poorly ... if you try to put the assembled setup away temporarily , do not expect it to hold together -LRB- unless you glue it -RRB- . . so expect to have to go through this frustrating assembly process many times .
 I have two boys ages 4 and 7 and they love anything associated with power rangers so this was a no brainer purchase . The four of us sat down to put this thing together and it was the worst toy assembly experience I 've ever had . It 'll take you forever to figure out how to assemble this thing due to no instructions , only confusing diagrams . After you DO get it SOMEWHAT assembled , you 'll have to restrain yourself from smashing it against the wall cause it WO N'T STAY TOGETHER !! I totally regret buying this crap .
 This toy is not appropriate for 5 year olds . It is very difficult with many pieces.My son was frustrated and disappointed.Pieces do not snap together and fall apart .
 This toy comes with a 31 page booklet of diagrams which NO ONE can figure out , let alone a child . The pieces do not interlock like Legos and the whole experience has been a frustrating one ! We will end up using the power ranger pieces with our Legos and probably throw out the rest . What a waste of money and effort ! I will never buy Mega Bloks again .
 We bought this toy for our son - a mistake . After I spent over an hour putting it together , he played with it for 5 mintues before it all began to fall apart . We put it in a storage contaianer and put it in the closet . It is too difficult for him to try to fix and it wo n't keep together long enough for him to enjoy . Maybe when he 's older ... much older !
 When I saw this in the shop on the Bratz aisle I just thought , `` Wow ! Cool PJs , cute pet , cute accessories , cute hair , EWWWWW WHAT 'S UP WITH HER EYES ????!!!!!! `` Yes people , the eyes are truly hideous . She has the usual green eyes , but this was a murky green . And it 's not the colour of the eyes that disgusted me ; it was the shape . The eyes did n't match , they were n't symmetrical . She had no eyeshadow and very little eyelashes . And the eyes are a pretty main feature of a doll , so I passed this one up and got Yasmin instead.Before I completely put down this doll , I 've got ta say that her hair is black and long , glossy and shiny , basically gorgeous !!!! Also , her flocked goggle-eyed cat is sooo cute and I know it would be great fun , and the colours on her cute and cosy looking PJs are amazing and look Chinese , which is great!If the eyes were better , this would be the perfect Jade ! But for now , I 'm still waiting ...
 My almost five year wanted to be a Power Ranger for Halloween and I thought these gloves would be a nice accessory that would also be a toy after Trick or Treat.The promised sound effects are muffled and can only be heard when the gloves are positioned just right . It 's too complicated for my son to make it work regularly and he gets frustrated.He ended up not wearing them for Halloween and now they are sitting , pristine , on top of his dresser.In closing , the Thunder Blast Gloves are not a lot of play value for my little Power Ranger Wannabe .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- THEY HURT YOUR EYES AND BREACK EASLY . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 There was not enough information about the item . If i knew what an eye link comunicator was i might buy it . It sounds fun ! but seeing as i dont know waht it does or what it is i will not buy.Thank you , Cori
 My son received this toy when he was around 11 . I saw him play with it once or twice with his friends . The kids have to type in messages , which may get them to try to spell words correctly . My son tells me it is too tight on his head .
 This chair fell apart minutes after putting it together ! Literally ! It took longer to put it together than it lasted . Then we had to take it apart so we could send it back ... only to find out that the company does n't accept returns on furniture . Now my daughter has a desk with no chair , and we have a broken chair in a box ! Awesome !!
 I bought 4 of those chairs base on the good reviews . But I will suggest you do n't buy it . It is very unsafe , the chair is so narrow and very unstable . My 5-year old -LRB- 39 pounds -RRB- step on it to reach for a toy , and the chair just fall apart.Almost injure my son with the sharp wood piece remain . I have no way to place a picture here , otherwise you will see how bad the quality it is . I will return them all .
 This chair is extremely small with a very low seat height . Good for display or dolls . IMO not to be used as a desk chair - even for an elementary school child . I would estimate this chair is best for 2-3 year olds tops .
 We were so excited to get this chair ! We bought black for my son , purple for my oldest daughter , and this aqua for my youngest daughter . But , the paint smugded off on the neutral-colored table we bought , as well as onto our light-colored wood floors . We had to return all the colored chairs : -LRB-
 Within two months one of the slat things came off the back . My kids tipped them about 50,000 times . I already Yard-Saled them and cursed myself for wasting money . Invested in more expensive , higher quality chairs and never looked back . If you need a great kid chair look at the storage chairs at Land of Nod . Untippable , heavy-duty and great looking pieces of furniture . Really ... Please do n't bother with these chairs .
 Purchased three chair as a desk chairs for 7 years old kids based on Amazon 's `` Frequently Bought Together '' for a student desk . The chairs were too short for the desk . Had to return them !!!
 I so loved this chair until after 2 months of use by 3 1/2 year old twins a big wood piece on the top back came off on one of the chairs . The room is carpeted so I 'm not sure what happen to cause the piece to come off . My mom glued it back on but I 'm afraid it will come back off and they will get hurt some how . Really disappointed . I thought I had a good quality chair.Update on 6/21/12 : After 4 months of use , the leg has broken on the other chair .
 This is the fourth or fifth Air Hog we 've purchased , and it will be the last for awhile . It broke on the second flight - the fuselage snapped right behind the wing area . We 've owned several battery powered models , all of which have broken within the first hour of use.Our first purchase - an air powered model - lasted longer -LRB- it came with two sets of wings -RRB- , but was still broken within 2 weeks.We are looking for something more durable now - the concept is great but they just need to be tougher .
 again as in all air hog products this simply can not be played with as described . This toy would be great if you simply purchase it to have your child look at it but to not play with it . I had purchased this toy and with in five minutes of my son playing with it it broke . I took it back and got a new one thinking the first one was defective but to simply find out again that it broke with in 5 minutes . If you purchase this you will simply be throwing your money away .
 I bought this as a birthday gift for a friend 's daughter . My son has one - a generic one from a local drugstore - and loves it . I thought Franklin was a better name , and since I was giving a gift , I wanted to get something a little nicer than our $ 2 one from Walgreens . What a mistake !!! After two uses , the Velcro is already coming off of the paddles , and it 's utterly useless . I was embarassed to see it when my friend showed it to me , and I felt so badly as this was a gift . Do not waste your money . Buy a cheaper model elsewhere - at least you wo n't be as upset if it does n't work out .
 Whomever designed this set was n't a musician . I do n't have this , and I probably wo n't buy it for my music classes , because it does n't have the low G . The `` main '' handbells set has the diatonic C scale . The most useful note to add to the collection would be the `` SOL , '' or dominant , below the `` DO , '' or tonic , so we could harmonize using I and V , which is a chord progression 99.99 % of songs use . Even if we only used these bells melodically , how many melodies go down to SOL below DO ? Let 's see , Frere Jacques , Yankee Doodle , Eensy Weensy Spider , If You 're Happy and You Know It ... . Give me the G and I 'll buy it . A , A # , and B are gravy .
 I was very disappointed when I bought this toy . it should be made of polished metal , but it is made of plastic . the plastic can not even withstand even the smallest amounts of blaster fire . secondly he is much too small . In the movie he was at least three times this seize . as a protocol droid he is completely useless . he wont even respond when you try to ask him to get you something . he looks cool in the pictures , but this item is sorely lacking .
 For almost 28 years now I have loved Star Wars , and I could not wait for the third and final movie because my oldest son would be the same age I was when I first saw Star Wars . Well ... lets just say that Lucas is off to another bad start with this final movie . My son has most of the new figures , and all of them are falling apart after less then two weeks . C-3PO broke the first day out off the box , along with Yoda . My son and I are very disappointed by these toys , and are planning on saving our money and not giving any more to a greedy old man that is steeling from his fans by making half baked toys and movies . DO NOT BY THESE TOYS !!!!
 Never buy this toy plz !!! It 's worse than any toy I like had ! So never , never.never , never , never ever buy it !!!
 I was really disappointed to discover that the pictures on the puzzle pieces are stickers rather than being painted on . My child played with this for only a few minutes before one of the pieces started peeling . Otherwise , I like the look and feel of this product . Too bad ...
 Withing minutes of playing with the peices , the stickers started peeling off . I put it away until my 1yr old gets older so he wo n't peel off the stickers . The peices were all made of layered particle board , not a very well made puzzle . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 I saw 5 of these in babies r us and ALL five were scuffed and or cracked . I ordered online from amazon in hopes to get one in good shape , but the one I received was cracked and scuffed as well . I guess the puzzle is just cheaply made . But I like the large knobs for a toddler , just wished the quality was better .
 My 9 month old daughter got this as a gift yesterday . I was really excited about it because I love wooden toys and she loved it . She immediately picked up the pieces and started playing with it . The big knobs were great for her to easily grasp each piece . Unfortunately after only 5 min of chewing on a puzzle piece the stickers that make up the animal started peeling off into her mouth . I thought it was just that one piece so I took it away but each piece she put in her mouth started to have the sticker come off . She wo n't be playing with this anymore . I am really disappointed by the quality .
 My son , age 11 months , loves this toy . Unfortunately I do n't let him play with it anymore . It 's constantly has wood particles falling off every where , and he 's still teething , so he tries to put the puzzle piece in his mouth but it has this sawdust like substance all over it . No matter how much you wipe it away , it still come back from him trying to get the piece back in its slot .
 As other reviewers have mentioned , this product is NOT made of solid wood . It 's made of a composite wood and it arrived fresh from the factory to my home on Christmas with saw dust all over it . I tried to wipe it down , but the wood particles keep coming off . Who knows what adhesives my child could have ingested ?!? Terrible.I 'm currently trying to return the item directly to Melissa & Doug and will not be ordering from them again . We contacted the company and they claim to have never heard of this problem before . That 's when I got on Amazon and saw several other reviews about the shoddy quality and false product statements.It 's tough to find a well made SOLID wooden puzzle anywhere . Maybe I should just make my own . I 'm glad my wife and I caught this before our 10 month old began putting it in her mouth .
 I bought two of the Melissa and Doug puzzles and decided to test them for lead before letting my 9 month old chew on the pieces . This type of puzzle came up POSITIVE FOR LEAD using Lead Check swabs ! I would rethink buying one of these as lead exposure has been linked to numerous health problems . This company claims to offer safe , non-toxic toys that they rigorously test for the presence of chemicals . I was initially glad to find toys made from `` wood '' rather than the usual plastic . After finding lead in this puzzle meant for toddlers , I am appalled at how little we actually know as consumers in this country . Please do not give this puzzle to any child ! Who knows how many other Melissa and Doug products contain the same materials ... they have certainly lost a customer in me !
 The description of this puzzle says , `` solid wood '' It 's not ! It 's 2 layers of composite board glued to plywood . The fibers easily scrape off along the edges and can be ingested by your child . The pictures are a laminate overlay that can easily be peeled off . Not a great puzzle if you child is still putting toys in his or her mouth .
 My daughter -LRB- 13 months -RRB- received this toy as a present and really loved playing with it . It 's very educational and I loved the wood structure of it . But in just a couple of days the back of the main wood frame started peeling leaving raw edges on the surface and sides . Just what you would need to get a splinter . So now we do n't use the board any more . But my daughter still continues to play with the removable pieces .
 The idea of this puzzle is wonderful . However it is made incredibly poorly . The edges of the animals and farmer are rough and shed endless wood debris . I have tried wiping the pieces down with a damp cloth , but the edges keep shedding.I would love to find a puzzle made out of solid wood and not the thousand layers of plywood that composes this product . It 's simply annoying and messy , do not spend any money on this toy !
 The puzzle is very cute and made from durable ply wood . I really wanted to like this product , BUT the animals are not painted , but stickers were used . My daughter chewed on the pieces and I saw that after a few minutes , the sticker came of at the sides and she probably swallowed parts of it . Can only recommend it if your kid is not putting anything in its mouth anymore . But at that point , it will probably have more fun with more complex wooden puzzle than this .
 This puzzle is cute and a great size for little hands . However , it is NOT handpainted . The pictures are stickers . If your little one is still mouthing things it will quickly disintegrate in their mouth . I also ca n't imagine that they will last as long as the originally handpainted puzzles .
 I had an older Melissa and Doug puzzle Knob farm puzzle . It was great ! Solid wood , nicely cut out . My son loved it . We lost a couple pieces so I ordered a new one . I was very disappointed . The workmanship was shoddy , the pieces were poorly cut out . NOT solid wood , when my 11 month old son chewed on the piece it was like cardboard and puffed up . The old puzzle was painted . This new one has a cheap looking sticker on it that peels off . He has more fun playing with the pieces of the old one , than the new one .
 My son likes this puzzle , and the jumbo knobs are fabulous . Those are the only things keeping this toy around . Well , that and the $ 12.00 I paid for it.Melissa and Doug stopped making puzzles `` by hand '' and with real wood back in 2008 . You can occasionally find the pre-2008 puzzles in local toy stores -- they are totally worth the money . You can recognize them by the painted sides and non-stickered finish . The post 2008 puzzles are cheap particle board/sticker puzzles -- and they are not worth a dime.My son does not teeth on this toy and the sticker corners -LRB- and there are lots of corners on every piece -RRB- are already shredding back . Each time you place a piece in its designated spot you create particle board dust -LRB- saw dust -RRB- , and plenty of it . Both annoying and gross . We 've been playing -LRB- very lightly -RRB- with this for about a week and it 's already worn.Don ' t be fooled by the aesthetically pleasing look of M&D ; products . Their toys are all cheaply made , with only company products in mind . They once cared about customer satisfaction and child safety -LRB- many of their toys are now recalled in Canada , where high chemical levels are not as easily tolerated -RRB- . I 'm guessing new management changed their once reliable standards , and will slowly destroy a once reputable toy brand name . I 'm hoping consumers will catch on soon .
 1st I do n't understand why when searching for this product on Amazon I was directed to this vender where it is 3 dollars more expensive then one from Amazon and a pain to return . 2nd The puzzle I received has wood splits all over it that are not depicted in any picture I 've seen of it . Not Happy !
 We ordered this beanie baby for my daughter . She has Iggy in blue but wanted him in purple . When Iggy arrived he was totally teal blue . We contacted the seller and they refunded our money but we wanted to save someone else the hassle . Only order this Iggy if you want him in teal .
 Dont waste your money . This swipper is tiny , smaller then a beanie baby . I sent it back .
 Bought this kit to use for my son 's 8th birthday party . One of the experiments did n't work , and the candle making was OK but kids started to get bored . The only worthwhile experiment was the vinegar/baking soda one , but the only thing supplied by the kit was balloons . The kit comes with almost none of the supplies that you need for the experiments ; I had to buy water bottles , baking soda vinegar , crayons and 4 tin cans , and the kit provided wax and balloons . It 's a good thing I had planned a number of other experiments for the party , since the ones provided only took 30-40 minutes rather than the 90 minutes that is claimed on the box .
 This Lego is pretty small and I have since found out I paid too much for it . Would recommend paying more and buying the larger AT-ST .
 First putting together was a chore . Instructions leave a lot to be desired . Then you have to be kidding to think you could ever own this and and actually touch it . It falls apart constantly . Tried to crazy glue.It fell and shattered . R.I.P. Lego AT-ST .
 This version of the Battle Droid has very weak legs . As mentioned in other reviews , prop this dude up against something if you take it out of the package to play with it as the plastic legs are so thin they have a difficult time supporting the weight of the figure and the legs will bend sideways -LRB- at the knees -RRB- . Unfortunately , the Episode III -LRB- Revenge of the Sith -RRB- Super Battle Droid figure suffers from the same design problems .
 Head comes off easily . Droid sits on my desk but if it falls over the head will come off . I 'll be using super glue soon.Doesn ' t hold it 's gun properly . It does n't `` click '' in place or anything like that . On top of that , the arms/hands are not rotated correctly to hold the gun -LRB- as shown on picture -RRB- . So when the plastic starts rotating back in its original place , the gun pops out . Again , I 'll get out the super glue to fix that.Detail is very low , cheap product . Not sure on durability , but I would think not too good for kids to play with .
 The only thing this figure has going for it is that it looks cool . I bought this figure for my son and before I could get it out of the package the head came off . It 's easy to snap back on but the way it was designed it 's also easy to come off so I ended up super glueing the head on . Then the gun or `` laser '' as we call them here at home keeps falling out of it 's hands because the `` fingers '' do n't grasp very well . So when ever he plays with it I hear `` daddy can you fix this '' until he gets tired of asking me . Spend the ca $ h on a different figure like the Revenge of the Sith Clone Trooper . A lot better figure for the same money
 The boat is great . Loved the propeller drive at first but it fell off after the second use . It went down the drain unnoticed by my 7 year old .
 I was very disappointed with this , especially for the price . I 'm pretty sure it contains styrofoam pellets instead of those good old beads that a bean bag should have . Because of this - it was very stiff and it did n't form to your body like a bean bag should.Very poor product . I sent it back and it cost $ 14 for a box ! They sent it in a bag and UPS would n't reship in the bag.Extremely disappointed .
 The poor general barely fits in the cockpit . You have to contort his arms/legs and then stuff him in . It takes 5-6 tries each time . The overhead falls off easily and holding the lightsabers underneath was a bad idea . Turning it over and over again leads it to fall apart and my daughter gets frustrated . Plus if you are not looking , you do n't realize if a saber went missing during flight and we all know how hard they are to find . We have Anakin 's and the Stormtrooper transport and they both are much better then this one . Save your money on this one ...
 Nice on the outside but awful on the inside . I got this for my 11 year old and he has spent more time fixing it than playing with it !! The cockpit slides back to open , and that is neat , but those pieces come off so easily ! My recomondation
 I just got it today , it 's really fun to play with , it captures the characters likenss , it also is very detailed
 I 'm sure tons of geeks and fanboys will rush out and get this Star Wars figure first but be warned ! This is not a great surrogate for the real Natalie Portman and no , it wo n't make any of your dreams come true . Her likeness on the wrapping will do more for than her plastic counterpart . This thing is missing the warmth or humanity of the real thing . If this thing was maybe about 5 ' 4 '' , 110 lbs , it might help , otherwise , stay away .
 I was very disappointed with this , especially for the price . I 'm pretty sure it contains styrofoam pellets instead of those good old beads that a bean bag should have . Because of this - it was very stiff and it did n't form to your body like a bean bag should.Very poor product . I sent it back and it cost $ 14 for a box ! They sent it in a bag and UPS would n't reship in the bag.Extremely disappointed .
 We have been using similar lenses that have a comfortable focal length of approx12-14 inches . This lens and stud lenghth combination are much to short and we have to work at 6-8 inches from our patient - not comfortable - the focal length could be made to easily adjust solving the problem
 This product is not well made - daddy had to strip wires just for contact and the light is so dim it is not at all impressive . Would have returned it if it was not from Santa . Very cheap construction and disappointing .
 For almost 28 years now I have loved Star Wars , and I could not wait for the third and final movie because my oldest son would be the same age I was when I first saw Star Wars . Well ... lets just say that Lucas is off to another bad start with this final movie . My son has most of the new figures , and all of them are falling apart after less then two weeks . C-3PO broke the first day out off the box , along with Yoda . My son and I are very disappointed by these toys , and are planning on saving our money and not giving any more to a greedy old man that is steeling from his fans by making half baked toys and movies -LRB- the last two -RRB- . DO NOT BY THESE TOYS !!!!
 I hated putting only one star down for fun and educational , but it really is neither . What it is though , is a great toy chest for toddlers . I got this for my son when he turned one and we 've put just about everything in it -LRB- including him -RRB- . It 's big enough to keep all the toys he currently plays with and not too big that we end up keeping everything . It 's very easy to open and close -- he 's been able to do it himself since 1 1/2 . We love the bookshelf -- we keep all of his books on it and he likes that he can pick them out himself whenever he wants . We 've found this -LRB- accessability -RRB- to be a big plus in encouraging him to read books . It is extremely durable and washes easy . He also likes to sit on the edge when the chest is open , and has often fallen in , but he generally ends up laughing . Not a safety hazard . I do n't think you can find a better toy chest .
 This is an older figure of Mace Windu and has n't really held up well . Hasbro tried to incorporate `` action features '' such as having Mace swing his arms and twist his waist , but I find these features almost always never work or destroy the integrity of the figure . His arms are a bit looser than they would otherwise be . As for the paint and sculpt , all I can say is that the Vintage version blows this one out of the water . Having said this , I bought the figure primarily as a source of spare parts for my attempt to make a custom Jolee Bindo figure from KOTOR .
 Can not believe paying $ 34.15 -LRB- total -RRB- for this 3 '' high piece of plastic in a scratched-up package made to hang from a wire at the grocery store . Product description inadequate , and so I am absolutely astounded at this item , which is not worth $ 3.00 , no less $ 34.15 . DO NOT buy this unless the kid in your life ca n't live without it . I 'm shocked at this highway robbery AND at the condition of the packaging on arrival . The USPS packaging was pristeen , so this damaged package was SHIPPED in damaged condition . Thanks a heap , amazon .
 I bought this carrier after reading all the good reviews . Unfortunately , it did not work for me . It 's easy to wear and wrap around your body . But it 's inconvenient to get baby in and out of it . I breastfeed so I have to take my baby out of it for burping . When I take him out , the fit of the wrap has changed so I 'd have to take it off and re-wrap myself again . There 's also the issue of the fabric dangling on the floor while you set it up . Just too much of a hassle for me . It does look stylish though .
 The material is stretchy , so my baby tends to slide down after he 's in it for 10 minutes or so . Then , he 's not happy because it 's not comfortable any more , and he starts to fuss . Then it gets really hot when he fusses . Then I have to take him out and calm him . After taking him out , the fabric and the knot is all screwed up , so I have to re-tie the sling . It just does n't work . I agree that there 's no head support for the newborn .
 I would n't have bought these horses if I 'd realized they were some cheaply made . They are hollow plastic with what seems to be a spray on fur . The colt 's leg are n't straight and so it 's rather useless . Still , they are good for imaginative play , I simply expected more from M & D.
 My daughter received this as a gift and instantly fell in love with it . The saddles do not stay fastened which is frustrating . In less than 24 hours , one of the foal 's legs broke and one the horse 's tails came out . We returned the set to the store.This is definitely not what I would expect from a Melissa and Doug toy .
 My daughter got these for Christmas from her grandparents . She is 3 years old and a horse FANATIC . These horses are cute -LRB- although I struggle to understand why they made the baby horse look so silly with the way it is standing . I know it 's supposed to be ` learning to walk ' but it just looks goofy to me . -RRB- Anyways , within the first few hours of my daughter having them , the tail on the adult brown horse came out of it ! It took a lot of finesse but I was able to get it back in ... . all for it to come out again a few days later at home . My daughter is 3 so she can be a little rough with toys but it 's not anymore than usual I would think and I would expect something targeted towards kids her age would be a little more durable . She still plays with them but every time she picks up the brown horse , she reminds me that it 's ` broken ' . LOL.So overall , they are cute but they could have held up a little bit better for my taste .
 This is one of the worst toys I ever had ! When I first bought it I was excited . I played with it five minutes after I bought it and his left arm broke !!! I had to go to the toy store again and buy the same stupid guy . Now I 'm afraid of playing with him because i do n't want him to break .
 I 've seen many of these reviews and I think this not avery good toy.After I saw the movie did n't think it was worh it , but i would recomend getting a jedi or the clone trooper that hasquick-draw attack .
 For almost 28 years now I have loved Star Wars , and I could not wait for the third and final movie because my oldest son would be the same age I was when I first saw Star Wars . Well ... lets just say that Lucas is off to another bad start with this final movie . My son has most of the new figures , and all of them are falling apart after less then two weeks . C-3PO broke the first day out off the box , along with Yoda . My son and I are very disappointed by these toys , and are planning on saving our money and not giving any more to a greedy old man that is steeling from his fans by making half baked toys and movies -LRB- the last two -RRB- . DO NOT BY THESE TOYS !!!!
 This is the worst item I have purchased for my daughter for her birthday . The instructions they provided were very vague and not helpful at all . They provided pieces to decorate the doll house but they do n't explain how to go about it . Then theres pieces they give you that your not even sure what they are for -LRB- like dough and string -RRB- . The assembly of this house is very poorly made and falls apart easily . The one we purchase advertised real electrically working lights but they did n't provide the means to achieve this . I would have taken this item back to the store but it was to far to travel to return it . Luckily we did n't pay to much for it because it wont be long before it will end up in the trash .
 When I removed the tambourine from the package , the pins holding the cymbals fell out . They apparently were not affixed to the wood in any way . The pins are thin and about an inch long . I ordered two tambourines -LRB- for twins -RRB- and both had this problem . Certainly a choking hazard for children .
 This toy was fun for the first 5 minutes that it was in our possession . In fact the recipent was having great fun until the rings fell out one by one . There does n't seem to be a way to securely reattach them .
 We love Mad Libs on paper . We thought the card game would be equally amusing and help our kids with sentence construction . However , the rounds went rather quickly . An opportunity to draw a replacement card only came around every other round or so , as someone was usually dealt the prescribed number of sentences and required components . They then played their sentences and ended the round.We were very disappointed and probably will not play again .
 I got this for my one year old to make the bath time even more enjoyable . But this toy does n't stay completely afloat and it barely moves in the water . On the other hand if you have a hardwood floors ... beware ! This toy will pick up such a speed that when it hits the wall it flips itself upside down , and it suppose to change direction -LRB- like described in product details -RRB- . I am giving it five stars for durability , because it is still in one piece .
 I bought this vehicle for my grandsons and had it shipped directly to them . If I had seen it before they did I probably would not have given it to them . My daughter has since taken it away from them . One button that you press starts blinking lights , which are great , the children really like them . Press another button and a VERY loud male voice says something like `` Get out of the car '' There is no way that my daughter could find that can disconnect that voice . Not only is it too loud but it does n't make a young child think policemen are very nice . Also , the back wheels have no traction so the car needs to be pushed along .
 i bought this police car for my 2yr old son . it came with a policeman that does not fit in the car and this frustrated my son . the mans voice in the car is so loud and scary and one of the doors fell off one week after i bought it . i would not spend the money on this car .
 I spent the extra money on the Tonka name and was ver disappointed with the quality . The door does n't open wide enough and if pushed , it breaks . The buttons worked for about 3 days and my son had hardly played with it . The action figure that my son was very excited to get with the car did not fit . Overall , I wished I 'd would have purchased the MUCH cheaper option .
 It looks nice enough and assembly is easy however as I was twisting last screw into back of chair , a very simple process it actually split entire wood below seat allowing leg spindle now to fall right out , wood is now cracked in half showing screw and leg wont stay in place . So now I have leg out and screw showing and half of wood is out . . So do i return it or keep it broken like this -LRB- it will surely not last long with inadequate support -RRB- ?? Such an aggravation.The problem clearly is that the screws are far too large for the wood it is threading into.A design flaw no doubt.I would venture to say that wood doesnt always break when screwing in -LRB- my other screws went in -RRB- but they cut corners on wooden frame at exactly the wrong points so they likelyhood of this happening is very possible.More crap designs by yet another company ... My daughter is inside now playing with leg that keeps falling out . . Real nice , not !
 Seems to be a nice toy BUT the left arm already started cracking and my daughter does not take the tray off . I did contact Melissa and Doug so I will update what the results are - hopefully they will be satisfactory .
 one wing was only partially attached and other places the seams were ' t sewed . Too late to return so I patched it up myself , but should n't have had to .
 The inside hanging part is too short for any of the American Girl doll dresses . It 's only good for shirts and skirts . Otherwise it is cute and my 9 yo daughter loved the design . It 's pretty narrow , too , so most of her clothes ended up not fitting in it .
 We bought this armoire for our daughter for her American Girl doll . Having purchased other Melissa and Doug products over the years with great satisfaction , we assumed that this was another one of their wonderful toys . While the armoire is cute , there are two problems with it :1 . It is touted as being sized correctly for 18 '' dolls ; however , the hanging part of the armoire is too short for most of their clothes . In addition , the hanging section is divided into two narrow areas , each of which is really too skinny to hold more than just a few items of clothing .2 . The paint finish does not hold up well to even the most minor usage . When carefully unwrapping the armoire from the packaging , we actually chipped a couple of small areas . Since this item is meant for children to play with , the paint should hold up better than that.Since we have always been happy with Doug and Melissa toys , we assumed that we would be happy with this armoire and did n't conduct our research on it as thoroughly as we would have otherwise . By noting the measurements , we would have hopefully realized that the sizing was not right for an 18 '' doll and would have instead purchased a different armoire elsewhere .
 I have to say , I am one who never really returns anything , but I am unhappy with this item . It is definitely smaller than the advertised product dimensions-the box actually says 12 `` X20 `` X10 '' - which is not what is advertised . It is very cute , but far smaller than what I was expecting . It seems like it is meant more for a Barbie doll as opposed to 20 '' baby dolls . Again it is very cute and there is nothing physically wrong with it-it just does n't seem practical for it 's purposes and definitely not for the extra couple of dollars . I will be returning it and continue my search for hopefully a slightly larger armoire.Rorie V. AZ
 this armoire is really disappointing . and usually I love Melissa and Doug items . it is smaller than I expected . too small , really , for the American Girl doll clothes . the dresses are longer than the space and end up hitting the bottom because they ca n't hang straight all the way down . more importantly , none of the hangers I have from several different sources fit !! the diameter of the hang bar is so big , the hangers ca n't fit over it which makes the entire piece of furniture useless . take a pass on this one for sure and spend a little extra money to get a bigger , better item elsewhere .
 I just sold mine because it is way too small . The hangers broke the first week we had them . None of the doll clothes fit into this . It is not worth it . Do n't waste your money , go for something larger in the Our Generation Line of dolls .
 What a horrible experience . If there had just been ONE thing wrong with this item I could have excused it as a fluke but come on ... nothing was right ! 1 -RRB- The product box was shredded . Not the shipping box , the actual product box was completely torn up ... did someone not notice this when packing it ?! 2 -RRB- The headboard was cracked . Not a tiny crack , a huge crack .3 -RRB- The legs all had cracks in them .4 -RRB- The bed was unusable anyways despite all the cosmetic flaws because one of the 4 main screws that hold the headboard/footboard on would not even screw in all the way as though the hole was not drilled all the way.For $ 50 + I would have expected something a little better than this .
 Usually love M&D toys , but this was a little on the cheap side . A hole had been drilled and then refilled and it was actually much harder to put together than you 'd think . it is larger than it loos and rocks so if you want a stationary doll crib , this would not be for you .
 I 'm no carpenter , but I 'm fairly handy . I 've put together my fair share of `` Assembly Required '' furniture for both children and adults . This item goes together using the ubiquitous furniture dowel and bolt setup , but it is just not constructed properly for that . Several of the pieces do not fit together easily , and when they are finally put together , the holes for the furniture dowels are too large , and the poor fit causes the bolts to go at a strange angle , making it difficult to go together at all . The good news is that this is not designed to hold human beings , so poor support should n't cause any injure , but it 's just not built well . I would encourage you to know what you are getting into before you buy this .
 We were not able to get 4 screws into one side of the crib . They do not catch on the bolts . Guess we will just glue it . Very disappointed . I thought a Melissa and Doug product would have better parts . It looks super cute otherwise , but it 's pretty ridiculous that one side is not secured because the pieces do not work together .
 I have been purchasing Melissa & Doug products for my daughter for the past two years . The quality and the craftsmanship has always been excellent , up until now!The Crib had several cracks in numerous parts , several chips and debris that were just painted over . . Upon assembly , several screws & nuts were not the correct size . I sent an email to the Company today expressing my displeasure . In the future I will strongly reconsider purchasing this Company 's products but as far as the crib is concerned DO NOT BUY IT !!!
 This seemingly simple toy was maddeningly difficult to assemble . If you can find one at your local toy store pre-assembled , it 's worth your money . If Santa 's bringing this for Christmas , his elves will need lots of time , patience and strong eggnog .
 NECA continues to get very cool licenses for their movie figures , and have continued where McFarlane started . In fact I prefer their figures to the McFarlane ones . However they do have some problems . Sometimes their figures wo n't stand up . Such as this one . The only way to get him to stand is to lean him up against the wall . The design for this figure has his feet positioned at a weird angle . In fact the whole stance of the figure looks off . Pushing a button on the back of the figure will play the Freddy jump rope song . Yes , thats cool , but it is a pain to to activate due to the fact you have to lean this figure against a wall . It also comes with an optional demon head , which you can replace the Freddy head with . Honestly , if you want a large Freddy figure to display , track down the older McFarlane one . You will pay a lot more , but it is a lot better sculpt than this one and it is based on a better Nightmare film -LRB- Nightmare part 1 -RRB- . That or just buy the 7 '' figure that NECA recently re-released .
 The item that I ordered was smaller than expected and the wrong thing . I ordered an elephant , and it said elephant on my receipt , but what I got was a hippo . I was very dissatisfied .
 I purchased this for my 2 year old nephew , hoping that he would follow in my footsteps and learn to love the piano . I thought it was a great deal at half off considering that it was made by Melissa & Doug . As soon as I received the piano I gift-wrapped it . When I read some of the bad reviews from folks who purchased it during November , as I did , I decided to unwrap it and remove the shrinkwrap . Ewwww ! The toy piano reeked of a strong odor like plastic resin . Left the shrinkwrap off a few days . It still reeked . Decided to play it . It was in tune but sounded a $ 10 xylophone -LRB- metallic -RRB- . I was suspicious of some of the action of the keys . Did n't know if the resin smell would ever go away but I had more than enough reasons to return the monstrosity . If this had been my first exposure to piano , I 'd have switched to clarinet or violin . Two weeks later and the wrapping paper I used still reeks of the resin .
 Our family was very disappointed in this product . We own LOTs of Melissa & Doug puzzles , cutting sits , etc. . And purchased this piano for around $ 35 when Amazon had a sale going on . Was excited to purchase this but when received the product had a very nasty odor and didnt ` air out ' for a couple of days . Piano sounds to have one &#34; sound &#34; . It appears when you hit the keys it is hitting a medal plate . The only plus to this piano is it is very sturdy and well made , expect for the sound , odor and it is very small ! Def not correct size for my 1 1/2 & 2 1/2 year old toddlers . Needless to say rather than return piano I just sold this product to a personal indiviual within one week . I will continue to purchase M & D products and have since done so ... Overall would NOT recommend .
 Have to agree with others , it is a poorly built item . The keys on this piano are very flimsy . In fact you have to apply different pressure to each key to produce the sound . Also , the keys make this annoying noise before you even get to the sound , which would be a problem for a parent who listens to it every day . Do n't buy it , unless you want to pay almost $ 14 in shipping it back : - -LRB-
 The piano is very cute but it fell apart as my daughter was taking it out of the box to give to my grandson .
 I paid about -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks for this item and the keys fell out X-mas morning . My 2 year old opended this gift and the black keys simply detached themselves with the first 30 minutes of play . When you first see the product it is appealing to the eye becuase of the vibrant colors but its simply a rouse for a faulty product .
 BE AWARE
 Sound is TERRIBLE . Seriously , do n't minimize this fact . I read the other reviews that complained about the sound and I was like , `` How bad can it be ? '' We 're not musicians and I understand this is a kids toy , so I went ahead bought it.Bad choice , the sound really is that horrible . Ca n't really even play any songs on it because the notes are so off . Also , the second day one of the keys stopped working altogether . I opened up the piano and was able to jam the chime back into place but it 's not well made.I ca n't imagine why people like this toy , it 's a bad buy for us .
 i chose this as one of my daughters christmas gifts . i am glad i checked it out before giving it to her . First off , when i opened the box it had a strong varnish smell . it was awful . Then i preceded to test the product and i was extremely unsatisfied . It was off key and the keys did not function to my standards . Some of the keys stuck and others i pressed didnt even make a sound . I am in the process of returning this product . I would strongly advise anyone to not purchase this product for thier children .
 I really really want to like this piano . most of our toys are melissa and doug and we love them . this product however is a disappointment . I even read the reviews here before purchasing and instructed my husband not to lift from the top , and always supervise children so they do n't destroy it ... nothing has gone as planned . the top is already loose -LRB- have no idea how -RRB- , the flimsy piece of paper taped on to show the key 's name is well ... . SO CHEAP that it is just bait to be ripped off -LRB- and my little girls are not known for tearing or ripping -RRB- . We tried to tape back on and it is just a magnet now to be ripped off . I wish it were painted on or a piece of wood that fit in or even velcro ! So , now the music is pointless without corresponding letter/colors . It WAS cool the first day we had it , my daughter even started to understand the music coordinating with colored labeled keys ... but , now it 's pointless . i tried out other manual pianos and liked the sound so i just figured this one would be comparable but , it is very `` twangy '' and not at all pleasant on the ears . i would return this but did n't keep the box and i am over spending any more energy on it .
 i 'm only glad i got it on sale at amazon for 35 $ otherwise i would not be happy . its just small , looks like a toy , not kids piano . so unfortunately she doesnt pay that much attention too it as i wish and prefers a real size piano . dont waste your money on this one unless a good sale is going on.in fact what i 've learned is all &#34; melissa and doug &#34; toys are small . i mean small for even 1 year old baby . the blocks ? have you seen those ? puzzles seem to be the only toy they make wright.check out the piano at walmart.com . look a lot more like real , its high -LRB- your child can actually sit on the chair and play -RRB- and i dont remember but the cost is about the same -LRB- or even less -RRB- !
 Could n't resist the price at $ 35 but upon arrival I noticed several of the piano keys were not sitting in place ... they were crooked and I was n't sure if they could be fixed so I returned the product . Note - the packaging on this first shipment was fine . I think the keys just came undone in shipping . The replacement package was not packaged as well . It had no padding at all and was loose in the box . Thus , the back of the piano was broken . So now I had to return this piano as well . I do n't think it makes sense for Amazon to carry and sell this product . They are likely to loose more money on processing returns than they are on selling this item .
 So the piano is shrink wrapped , and then put in an Amazon-labeled box directly in China ; the Amazon logo is distorted . This is obviously what the Chinese factory did for these pianos shipped directly to Amazon from China -LRB- mine was number 600 or so of a 1500 piano shipment to Amazon -RRB- . These have never been aired out , and the fumes are really bad . I would n't let my child play with it yesterday when we got it and even today I wo n't -- the fumes are pretty bad whenever the piano is moved . The sound is metallic , like a cheap xylophone . I expected more , though that may have been unreasonable of me . The label for the keys was loose in my container -- the two tiny pieces of double-sided tape had fallen off in shipment prior to my receipt . If the fumes do n't clear soon , I 'm going to have to send it back to Amazon . On the plus side , it 's pretty heavy , and I 'm hopeful that it will be durable .
 My 20 month old had this for two weeks before it fell apart . He would occasionly move the piano around by using the top as a handle -LRB- how else is a toddler supposed to move this ? -RRB- Today the top fell off -LRB- it appears cheap glue was used in assembly -RRB- . When the top comes off the yellow board above the keys comes off and that yellow board is what holds all the keys in place . And that 's the end of this piano . I know it 's a toy , but because it 's not an inexpensive toy I would n't expect it to be so cheaply made . Fortunately my son does n't seem to really care that it 's broke .
 I was very disappointed in this piano . Sound was like hitting a cardboard with piano sound . Recommend do not buy .
 We were very excited to order the piano and start playing with our 20month old daughter . The piano arrived today and we are returning it already . We were very surprised how bad the acoustics of this nice little piano is . If you are looking for a semi-well acoustic instrument this is really not the best choice.I have not taken the time to write reviews on other products we buy via amazon -LRB- quite many -RRB- but thought I should for this one , since it is just much added work to return if unsatisfied .
 I just purchased this piano and had it delivered to my granddaughter for Christmas . Unfortunately , I did not read the review about this being built in china with lead based paint . Unless someone can verify this is not made with lead paint , I have to ask my son to go through the trouble of returning this product.Melissa & Doug Learn-To-Play Piano
 I bought the piano for my twin boys -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- . They tore it apart in less than 2 months . The lid came off easily . I tried to repair it but within a week the boys pulled all the piano keys out . If your kid has energy , do n't buy this toy .
 When I first got this piano , the thing that bothered me was that the notes at the top of the keys is just a sheet of paper , barely glued on . I did n't know it was like this till a one-year old started picking at it , when I discovered it 's only tacked by glue at either end . So , with a paintbrush , I glued it in and there it stayed . Then today , the whole thing fell apart when my tweenage son picked it up to move it . Keys , panels and everything just fell apart when it was picked up - it 's as if the glue gave out . It 's just not made well . It 's glued together with pegs . Melissa and Doug , you 've disappointed me . I paid full-price for this item , and did n't mind because of the M&D brand name and thought we 'd have it for years . We 've had it for less than 6 months . I see it is now about 22 dollars less ...
 My 3 year old son recieved this piano for Christmas . Within one week , it was broken , and not from misuse . In order for him to move the piano , he has to pick it up by the red top . There are flimsy wooden pegs that are used to hold the red top onto the piano . These pegs broke off and now the top will not stay on . Despite the broken top , my son still likes to play with the piano and is very interested in its inner workings . The sound quality does not bother him but , it does me . I am disappointed in the quality of this toy , especially for the price I paid for it .
 Expected this piano to be a lot bigger then what was portrayed in the pictures . It came with the top loose which we had to tighten upon arrival . The keys sound good , though tend to stick at times . It was bought for a destructive one year old , and I think it should be sturdy enough to withstand his wrath -LRB- I spent some time pounding away at the keys and knocking the thing over to see if it would break , which it did n't -RRB- . Overall , I would NOT purchase this item again , due to its extremely small size and poor condition upon arrival -LRB- really lame that I had to re-tighten screws -RRB- . Plus the keys stick . Not worth the 50 bucks !
 I bought this toy , which was damaged in transit , and was really happy with the seller 's response . I would like to not though , that this toy is very cheaply constructed and should not be described as `` durable . '' The description above states that this is `` Made of hardwood '' and the packaging says `` Solid Wood Construction , '' but neither of these are true . Since mine was damaged en-route I got to see that the construction is actually some kind of pressed-paper/cellulose material , which is flimsy and not at all durable . I 've also uploaded a picture illustrating this in detail.The sound is sort of harpsichord-ish and certainly adequate for the price and intended use of this toy . I also like that it is two octaves , which is more than the usual one octave you get with piano/xylophone toys . The colors are nice as well .
 Based on all of the previous reviews , I felt confident that I was buying a good product . Unfortunately that was n't the case . I only had the piano for one day and three of the keys messed up after normal play .
 Loved it when we first got it , my two year old son played non stop . This broke within a few weeks , all the keys came out the top part of the piano came off . We put it back together a few times , now we are going to throw it out .
 Am still awaiting this order . Very disappointed as this was a Christmas gift which I paid extra to receive overnight - on Christmas Eve . It 's almost New Year 's Eve and still no package .
 It 's just as adorable as it looks but the keys are so out of tune I cringe every time the kids play on it !
 My 2 year old son really enjoys playing this piano and I enjoy that it comes with a songbook of simple songs I can play for him that he knows . He is already trying to `` play '' the songs.The downfall of this piano is the awful odor it is putting out . It has been out of the box and open for 22 days and is still putting off a strong chemical smell . -LRB- Smells like lacquer or paint or something . -RRB- I do n't like having my son around strong chemical smells . You can smell it up to around 4 feet away as the air circulates.The other lesser imperfections on this piano are that the strip of paper that identifies the keys fell off almost immediately . It appears that it was only glued at either end of the strip . Also the D key sounds off every time you play it . I would n't return it just for these relatively minor issues.I contacted customer service and the representative said that she 'd never heard the smell complaint -LRB- I did n't even mention the lesser issues -RRB- , although from reading the amazon reviews , there appears to be a number of people complaining about bad smells . Perhaps it was a bad batch . Customer service is planning to send a new piano ... hopefully it will be better . I would not recommend purchasing this piano if it is like the one we received .
 Out of the box one of the keys gets stuck every time it 's pressed . Cheaply made . The keys are hard to press .
 My 3 year old daughter received this for her birthday a few weeks ago and has n't played with it since her party . She loves playing her Grandmothers real piano when we go to visit so I thought she would enjoy having this Learn-to-Play piano at home . It stays in the floor of her bedroom and collects dust . The piano is also very loud and annoying for the adults . On the other hand , it seems to be made very well . She sometimes like to sit on top of it and it has n't tipped over .
 I expect great things with Melissa & Doug toys . That is not the case with this piano . When we opened the box , we were almost overcome from the fumes -LRB- smelled like gas ? -RRB- . The piano is now sitting in the garage where it has been for the past week to see if the odor will finally get out of it . I 'm thinking it may be the paint . It is beginning to lose some of the odor . Perhaps by Christmas ?? The little strip with the notes on it is only attached on one end . I give that 5 minutes before its ripped off . To pay to send it back is just not worth it . The notes do sound tinny , however , I expected it to sound like a toy and that 's exactly what it sounds like . I would n't order it again and I would just say buyer beware !
 After a week the screws at the top became loose and my kids were able to take it apart . The whole thing fell apart !
 Sound quality is n't great . The colored scale just above the key 's is just a piece of paper glued on at both ends . That came off pretty quick . We 've had it for a year and one of the keys is already dead . My son -LRB- now 2 -RRB- likes it okay , he will go over and bang on it for a few minutes now and then but overall it takes up space . Only reason it 's still around is Nana got it for him .
 This is a shoddy , low-quality product . Not what we expect from this brand.The first one we got was broken . The second one sounded worse . It 's cheaply made in every way.The `` Learn to Play '' claim is just insulting . They put letters over the keys with cheap stickers . Not exactly educational.It looks like they just repainted this product from another company
 Bought this last Christmas for my toddler grandson . He loved it to death . Unfortunately death came too quickly as we discovered that the cabinet and mechanism are glued together . They came unglued very easily . We obtained a replacement -LRB- and an apology -RRB- from the toy store , but the second piano proved to be no more durable . Hopefully the American company will demand a lot higher quality from their Chinese manufacturer.Meanwhile my grandson wants another piano .
 The item was received well packaged in Amazon 's usual overkill packaging . It took me 30 minutes just to get it out . Then , disappointment when my niece and nephew opened it up on their birthday only to find that 2/3 of the keyboard does n't work . I do n't think it was damaged in shipping , the piano otherwise looks perfect . I suspect it is either defective or poorly made such that something shook loose in the shipping . Am waiting for a replacement but I am wondering how long it will last given some of the reviews here about durability . I 've seen other Melissa and Doug toys and they seem more sturdily made .
 I bought this because i thought it would be great for my 18month old . Once i received it i started to play a song using the book it came with . Right away i noticed some of the keys would get stuck down which made it hard to properly play a song . Also if you tap on a key over and over it will not recognize that and make a sound such as other pianos would do . For this price i think it can be constructed way better . I returned it.It is very pretty though .
 I bought this as a stocking stuffer for my 10 year old son . As a previous reviewer noted , it is a bit tricky to turn on the lights . But once I learned the process , I discovered that lights on ball # 1 did not work at all . Furthermore , the disco lights on balls # 2 and # 3 did not work . Very disappointing . I would not recommend this toy since it does not fulfill its claims .
 This is the loudest noise making toy we 've ever had the displeasure of owning . In fact the train noises are so loud that they make our 15 month old son cry every time he musters up the courage to press on the conductor . He is genuinely frightened by the sounds the train makes . Sadly , the train looks to be so durable that it may never die .
 Less than a day after we presented this toy for my daughter 's birthday , it no longer worked . It still makes noises , but does not move . I 've replaced the batteries thinking that might have been the problem -- it was n't .
 I just got the toy for my 2 year old and he loved it . The only problem is that after about 5 minutes of play the toy decided not to work . I now had my 2 y/o screaming at me for his choo choo to go and I could n't make it work . I knew that the batteries could n't be dead b/c it was only on for 5 minutes . I got it to start working but then it said that there was no block in the coal car , which was not true . I got it to work for about a minute and it then recognized the wrong letter in the coal car . I do NOT recommend this toy for any child . I never had a problem with a leap frog toy -LRB- my son and nieces have a lot of them -RRB- and I was terrible disappointed with this toy .
 I strongly recommend against this train . The educational value is very limited -- it only teaches 3 songs and the sound made by a handful of letters . In addition , our version sometimes gets the letters wrong ! My 18 month old likes pushing the buttons to start and stop the train and inserting the letter blocks , but there is not much more you can do to play with the train . If he takes it off the track to run it elsewhere or play with it , the VERY ANNOYING voice repeats `` I 'm off the track ! '' over and over again . Bottom line -- does n't teach much , does n't encourage -LRB- or really permit -RRB- creative play , is expensive and is annoying to adults !
 My 2 yr old received this for a gift and at first I LOVED it ... I thought it was the cutest toy.But , after putting it together ... it became the most frustrating toy we have . The train constantly de-rails off the track . . I 've tried everything to fix the plastic tracks , but the train ca n't remain on the tracks for long . Plus , mine also has an annoying `` short '' inside , so when it hits certain bumps , it turns off.I 'm going to put the toy away b/c it 's not any fun for my kids ... it has to be constantly reset and placed back on the track and since they ca n't do it , I have to.It 's a shame , b/c it is was more durably built , it would be the Best toy and I would have rated it a 5 .
 As a fan of leapfrog toys I am very disappointed withthis item . It constantly stopped running stating `` I am off the track '' even when it is not .
 Bought them for recreation table tennis play . The rackets are a joke . Even for beginners they are pretty bad . Only a small patch in the middle has some bounce , rest of the racket is plain dead . Total waste of money . The rackets are going back .
 This set was supposed to come with eight 3-star 40mm ping pong balls but it did not . There were places for them in the plastic packaging but they were empty . The odd thing was that there is a plastic security cord that keeps the zippers closed so this error must have occurred at the factory . Returned for refund and ordered another one . Fingers crossed .
 If you are looking for high quality product , this is not it ! This is strictly for little kids ' entertainment to hit back and forth . The balls will not go very fast even if you hit it hard and it is hard to put any spin on the ball . Basically , the ball just goes flat . But considering the price for the set of 4 , it is a good deal . Just be aware of the quality you get for that price !!!
 I liked these paddles right out of the package . Looked and felt like a pretty good deal . Got them at Christmas time and they have been used a handful of times . We 're not thru February yet and the rubbers are peeling off the paddles . I was n't expecting great quality , but peeling after a few weeks is not acceptable . In the set of four paddles we have only used two of them and they are both peeling . It 's not a good value if it is trash this quickly . I guess paying more for better quality might end up being cheaper in this case .
 I 'm giving this item a one star rating for one simple reason
 This pool is not durable . The rainbow will not stay up and the slide lost air immediately . The kids did not enjoy it as much as I thought they would . It does hold water even though it constantly leaks air . I can not find a hole to patch , I think it just has weak seams . This might be worth twenty bucks but not the near fifty I paid for it . It does have plugs to make it easier to drain but mine got clogged with grass so I had to dump it anyway . I would not buy this again and would n't recommend it to anyone . I thought it would be a nice change from the hard round kiddie pool but it really is n't . I will keep it until it just absolutely does n't hold water but then it will end up in the trash . I hate throwing things away but I am afraid this is just not something that can be kept and used again . : -LRB-
 After receiving what appeared to be a very exciting -LRB- and highly rated children 's pool -RRB- , I quickly removed the product from the box and -LRB- following the directions -RRB- unrolled the pool , checking for any tears/holes . The product took some time to inflate , including the pool bases and various accessories . After fully inflating everything , I filled the two pools with water . Soon after , I immediately noticed the `` rainbow '' began drooping , as the upper section of the deeper pool began to deflate slowly . I tried numerous times to re-inflate the upper section , but found the rainbow fell over EACH time and the upper section continued to deflate . Despite my efforts , I could not locate any sort of hole or tear to explain the problem . I gave up thinking , `` At least the kids can sort of play in the front pool with the slide . '' I ran a few errands and returned to check on the pool water -LRB- letting it warm in the afternoon sun -RRB- . Upon my return , I was LIVID to find the bottom sections of BOTH pools were now deflating and the water was leaking out of the entire product . My children did not even get to play in the pool once ! Of course , since I removed and used the product , I can not return it . What a disappointment and waste of almost $ 60 ! I will NEVER buy an Intex product again !!! -LRB- If I could give this product `` 0 '' stars , I would . -RRB-
 My mother purchased this pool for my daughter for her birthday . She actually wanted to purchase a much larger pool that accommodate the whole family but I said ... `` Nah , lets just get one that will be easy to store and put up and take down '' . Soooo ... having not had much experience in blow up pools , I did not realize that I needed a powerful electric pump so that I would not nearly die from either A -RRB- pumping with a bicycle pump for hours on end in 100 degree weather or B -RRB- using every iota of my personal oxygen in a frantic attempt to get the pool inflated while my daughter stands beside me , bathing suit and towel ready to hop in ! Finally , thru several pumping / blowing efforts , we got the pool inflated ... sorta . The rainbow just does not behave like it is pictured in the product photo . It flops over regardless of how many efforts we made in getting it completely filled . My daughter , I must say , had a wonderful time in the pool . She is 5 and tall for her age so really it was a little too big for her but she enjoyed it just the same . We left the pool up for a day or two , but living in the south , you really can not do that because the mosquitoes love to reproduce in standing water . Soooo ... I decided to take the pool down . Also , I must mention , one of the sides of the larger pool area began deflating on its own the first day we used it . We found no holes to easily patch . Just another aggravation . Back to deflating the pool ... hope you have time on your hands !! You would think deflation would be easy . No . Not when the pool contains so many gallons of water . Next , storage . What a mangled mess . I tossed it out of exhaustion to the side of the yard and there it remains today ... 4 months later . So much for the easy pool .
 I purchased this product for my daughters 2nd birthday . She LOVED it once it was up . The problem was taking it down/emptying it . There is no drain plug . The other review that stated it had 2 holes is referring to the air holes . Unless you wish to deflate and inflate each time its not worth your time . A pool cover will only delay the inevitable and increase chances of bacteria with the sitting water . I 'm returning it and going with the intex pool that is shaped like a star and has an inflatable bottom with a drain plug . Does n't look as toddler/kid appealing but kids just like pools . So I hope it will work . Returning this pool has also been a hassle ... Do n't do it . I think your little one will be just as happy in a more practical pool ... and you will too !
 Do n't bother . We purchased this unit in May 2008 . After the weather warmed up in our area , -LRB- CT -RRB- we blew it up one Saturday afternoon for my then 2 year old . After a couple of hours of use , it was fine , then everything deflated on it 's own . The `` Ranibow '' deflated , the ball slides on the side of the lower pool , and then eventually , the upper ring on the deeper pool . I tried blowing it all up again ... and once again , it deflated . I tried finding holes ... I could not . I 'm only writng this review now as I just saw one of the bouncers and was thinking about purchasing . Now knowing what I went through a year ago , I will not buy another Intex item . Buyer beware .
 was so excited to receive this product knowing its the best deal!so had it blown up but lots of parts has holes.the main part to be blown up , air cant stay.air comes out after an hour or two from blowing air .
 fun toy but it arrived damaged -- luckily the part we could n't inflate was n't crucial , but it 's annoying -- no time to replace it because our grandchildren were already here when we opened the box and inflated the pool . the part with a hole was superfluous , so definitely not worth the trouble of shipping it back . our grandson greatly enjoyed the shower and the slide .
 I have to blow the pool up every 30 minutes because it was shipped with a tear in the base that blows up the entire pool . not satisfied with the quality , will be returning .
 I bought this pool for my 4 and 5 year olds last summer . We 'd had a two-section pool with deeper and shallower ends before -LRB- not this one -RRB- that we loved , but after we left it out -LRB- folded up in a stairwell -RRB- during the winter -LRB- oops -RRB- , it melted . So we hoped this pool would be a good replacement . It was n't . The front section with the slide is too small for a kid to do much in . The slide takes up nearly all the room , so they ca n't swim around , they can only sit . The back section , which can be deeper , is nice for one kid but it 's far too small for them both to play in , so they fight over whose turn it is in the back . Additionally , the slide is useless . It tore away from the base on the second use and the angle is too obtuse for a kid to slide down unless it is wetted down . The ring toss is OK . The ball toss , which should be fun , is n't because the holes the balls should go through do n't inflate enough to stay upright . They 're always leaning slightly down , making throwing a ball through them pretty hard . But the worst part of this pool is that it only lasted maybe 6 weeks . Then each part began to get holes and deflate . I tried and tried to find where they were coming from to fix them , but I never could . We have the pool on soft grass with nothing sharp under it -LRB- no trees around either -RRB- so my guess is it ripped or tore from use . It did n't even make it through one summer . Booo . Overall I 'd say it 's longevity alone makes it a bad purchase , but all the fun little extras we were excited about turned out to be poorly designed or made . I would recommend you keep shopping for something else .
 We ordered this for our daughter and it 's defected . The rainbow part is leaking air somewhere and does n't matter how much air we blew in , it goes down in less than 5 minutes . The product itself is also very small . Much smaller than in picture . Would not recommend this at all .
 This pool ripped on the first day on grass . We used the patch but it still leaks air . Every time we use it we have to add more air . Very thin .
 we bought this pool for our 2 young daughters at the end of last year , they enjoyed it during the last days of summer but I ca n't honestly say that the added features -LRB- ball , rings , slide -RRB- captured their attention the way I had expected it to . When we tried to inflate the pool this year one of the valves seemed to be warped in a way that prevented the cap from keeping the air from leaking out . When I called the Intex company to see if there was a possible fix for it I was quickly told that `` we do n't warranty any of our products '' ... In my opinion this pool is a little pricey for something that needs to be considered entirely disposable . I think I 'll be replacing it with a basic pool that wo n't cost much and therefore wont be a big deal if it only provides a few uses ...
 This last a month ... the rainbow thing that holds water never stood straight up and after a week it didnt hoild air ... the slide detached from the top part then from the bottom of the pool ... it is so not worth a dollar ... i bought another pool that was cheaper and has outlasted this one ... if you want your kids to use it for only one month go ahead and but it
 Rainbow never stood up straight and hung in the way over the slide . We used it once and it entertained my 2.5 year old but after a week the entire lower half would n't hold any air . Ca n't seem to find the hole . My daughter liked the rings but did n't get the idea of a ring toss an with the rainbow bent over it did n't matter . Last Intex pool lasted all summer and was less money . This one disappoints .
 Inflating this was brutal ... especially the portion that holds the archway/shower up . Not good ... it required constant attention.My toddler was happy but she would probably love any sort of kiddie pool ... but this one was not very much fun for her daddy .
 My 3 yr . old son would have enjoyed this pool longer , but one major important factor this pool does not have is a drain plug for the water ! As a parent , it gets so frustrating at times when purchasing various toys for your child ... seems the thing either does n't last for long or there is something wrong with it ... so , as hard as it was to return this pool , we did ... not having a drain plug was a major issue to us ... you do have to change out the water every 3 days or so ... and having that to do just does n't justify keeping it . Good luck !
 I bought this pool two times . My toddler loved it but both times I had to return it because everything deflated on it 's own in some hours .
 The pool came without a pump ! So we ordered a electronic one . Even with the electronic pump it took us over an hour to blow it up . The rainbow does fall towards the middle of the pool so we have something holding it . Draining is rather difficult , it stops with about 1/2 inch of water in it . Over all , fun but not worth the price .
 While I was fortunate enough to get hold of one of the Fur Real Friends for Christmas I must say that I just experienced what I would say is a major problem.While sitting in my living room I started to smell the odor of burning plastic . After searching the room I came to realize the Fur Real Kitty was extremely hot and emitting this burnt plastic smell . I promptly shut off the toy and removed the batteries , which were very hot , almost to the point where it could burn . I find this very troubling and am concerned what could have happened if I was not there to take action . While my daughter is very upset the toy she wanted so much for Christmas is now broken , I am concerned about this thing being a fire hazard and danger to my children . I could run through several scenarios that are so disturbing they make me sick to think of , such as what could have happened if she had this thing in her bed.Will not let her play with it . Will not get a new one . It is not worth the risk .
 This `` toy 's '' head `` Bobbles '' constantly , and when petted , you get a handful of coarse `` fur '' !! The `` meow '' sounds like a woman meowing , NOT a REAL cats ' Meow ! After 15 mins of trying to get the cat to do what it 's advertised to do , it goes COMPLETELY DEAD ! You have to squeeze the tail 5 times to get it to `` Hiss '' at you . It ONLY turns its ' head to the Left , and the sensor in the shoulder DOESN `` T work , to make the cat arch its back . WHAT A DISSAPPOINTMENT !!
 I 'm not the type that buys the `` it '' Christmas toy each year . But when I was able to find the Fur Real cat online , and it was the one thing my daughter kept asking for , I was so excited!My daughter , while 10 years old , enjoys younger toys and has a wonderful imagination . This toy disappointed both of us . The `` cat sounds '' are extremely unrealistic . With the technology they have today , there 's no reason why this cat sounds the way it does - like a child pretending to be a cat ! My daughter took it out of the box , put it on her lap and pet it once or twice and has n't looked at it again since . As I said , she has a vivid imagination and still plays with dolls and non-electronic animals and can `` believe '' in them , but not this one . My 3 year old daughter is n't interested either . Save your money ! -LRB- I put 3 stars for durability , but I do n't really know -RRB-
 My daughter wanted this for Christmas , and I ran myself ragged trying to find it ... WHAT A WASTE ! On Christmas Day , the neck became dislocated -LRB- without her even doing anything wrong to it -RRB- ! It runs through all the sounds at once , then gets stuck on the yowling , hissing mode for 30 seconds and then settles into a purr . No matter what you do to this toy , that 's what it does . I consider this one of my biggest money wasters !
 If you can not get the real thing , than I guess this is good substitute . Nothing is better than a real cat .
 I bought this toy for my 7 year old daughter . On her birthday , she was ESTACTIC about the toy ... until when we were eating birthday cake later that evening . She said , `` Whats burning ? '' I raced into the living room to see the stupid thing had caught on fire . Apparently , she forgot to turn it off , and it ran on its own-which its not supposed to do - and overheated . Now , we have to replace our carpet and my daughter was sad about loosing her toy . Feeling sorry , I bought another one , thinking maybe this one would work better . It did n't . It hissed on its own , and made weird noises . Not to mention , its hair was thick in some places and thin in others . My daughter disregarded it 1 hour after I gave it to her . And the store wo n't take it back either . Not to mention , they 're expensive , so do n't waste your money . As I 've seen before on some of these reviews , I would probably been better getting her a real cat !
 hi ! i bought this toy for my 7 year old daughter ... and she does not even look at it . to begin with , the cat is poorly made ... it does not resemble a real one ... its got some rough patches over it ... as if its caught some disease ... ours is a black one ... so it looks UGLY ! WORSE ... THIS CREATURE TAKES AGES TO MOVE AND RESPOND . the sounds generated are so LOW that it does not matter whether its hussing or purring , everything sounds the same :--LRB- the tail movements and the neck movements ARE ABRUPT , ... the sensory points are not clear . ... soemtimes the tail moves much after you pull it ! it was such a dissappointment ... and the thing cost me -LSB- money -RSB- ! i really wish i could give this piece back and get my money to get something better for her ! I WONT RECOMMEND IT TO ANYBODY.thanks
 I bought this stuffed , noisy cat for my three year old son as an alternative to him keeping after my two actual cats for affection . First of all , it is not cuddly at all , as I expected . It only does a few things , it moves its head to the left or right , purrs , meows , and arches its back a little . Although I am not totally disappointed , as it is kind of cute , I still can not figure out why these things are all the rage . If I had tested one out prior to purchase , I think I probably would not have bought it .
 My dad bought the big , white $ 40 FurReal cat for my daughter . What a disappointment . Hardly any of the functions worked ! It hissed the first few times the tail was pulled , then stopped . It would not lay down or paw . I contacted Hasbro , they sent a mail sticker so we could return it `` for a new one or something of equal value '' . After a wait so long I almost forgot we had sent it off , our replacement arrived today . For the big , $ 40 FurReal cat my daughter was sent a Fur Real friends newborn puppy -LRB- $ 13 -RRB- and an I-Dog -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- ... which she is n't even old enough to play with ! We did call Hasbro again and fortunately talked with a very nice customer service rep. They are mailing coupons to make purchases that are more suitable for my daughter in order to make things right . The toy may not have been great , but at least they are willing to make their customer 's happy .
 My wife and I just bought this toy for our five-year-old daughter 's birthday . We really went to some trouble , sending my mother to Toys ' R Us almost daily waiting to see if this back-ordered cat had hit the shelves . You can imagine our excitement to finally get one as we 'd already heard this would be one of those hard-to-find items for this holiday season . Now , less than six hours out of the box , the toy already does n't work . Of course , like any father , I assumed this was just the batteries . No such luck . Looks like this cat does n't have 9 lives -- and now neither will the other one we 've stashed in our trunk that was going to be a Christmas gift for our other daughter . Do n't waste your money . The sounds were n't that realistic . And now I have to explain to my daughter why her `` realistic '' cat died . We are very disappointed .
 I do not understand at all why this toy was the craze this Christmas . For one thing it is WAY overpriced -LRB- and we got it before the price went skyhigh -RRB- . It really did not live up to expectations at all . My kids did not even play with it for an hour , I do not even know where the thing is right now . The really annoying thing was it does not have a ` sleep ' mode . The toy purrs constantly . At least most interactive toys do cut off after a few minutes of no use , but not this toy . You 'd have to mess with cutting it off each time . If you ask me the Fur Real Kitten is much cuter , at least that one moves its paws . I would say if it were priced at around $ 10 - $ 15 it might be worth buying , but not at current prices . Do n't waste your money .
 So one of the people that lives in my residence hall got one of these things . I dont know how to be nice about it , but this toy is the worst invention mankind has ever developed . It meows and purrs CONSTANTLY . However , its quite indestructible . As a test , we stole the satanic thing from our friend , and put it in a clothes dryer . It survived quite well . Now the rest of this story is going to be hard to believe , but stick with me here . We took the toy to the top of an 8 story stairwell , covered it in lighter fluid , and let it fall to what we thought should be its death . It survived . We repeated the test , and again , we found it at the bottom of the stairs , meowing . We buried it in 3 feet of snow , threw it against brick walls , and even had a local bus run it over . It continued to meow and move . Not until it was hit by a car moving about 30 miles per hour -LRB- both axles -RRB- did the cat meet its maker . Please , for the love of all that is holy , DO NOT BUY THIS WRETCHED TOY FOR ANYONE . They might love it , but everyone else will be homicidial . Thank you .
 THIS TOY DOES NOT WORK PROPERLY !! Sometimes it will not work at all or it does not do what it is supposed to . Maybe my dauthers is defective but read several other reviews with the same complaint !!!
 The only thing positive I can say about the FurReal cat is that it 's pretty . Other than that , it 's worthless . The electronics do n't work properly if they bother to work at all . It 's not `` huggable '' because it 's as hard as a rock . It has been sitting on my 6-year-old daughters shelf collecting dust since Christmas and will end up in a summer yard sale . Do n't waste your money .
 I 'm twelve years old , and I have been begging for a white FurReal Friends cat since November . I talked to my grandma on the phone , who by the way lives about four hours from where I live , and she said she would send me one for Christmas if I was good . My best friend , Kendra , who gets anything she wants , told her parents she wanted one . . and the next week , she got an orange and white one ! I came over to play with it , to see if it was worth my grandma buying one and shipping it over , and it was n't ! I hated the mechanical movements it 's head made when it turned around , and it made this annoying hissing sound , even if we did n't pull it 's tail ! I told my grandma , Do n't waste fifty bucks buying one and sending it across mail . She said she 's coming over for Christmas . . with a real kitten ! A grey striped one she named Lionel . Much better than this fake one !
 I just knew my 2 year old would go nuts over this cat like she did over Furby ... especially since she likes cats so much . My husband is allergic , so this was a great option for us . The # 1 FRF I bought , did n't function , his head clicked a lot . Luckily , I bought 3 backups because I had read about them on these reviews . Seems the quality is pretty low . My little girl came down the steps on Christmas day , said `` Kitty ! Kitty ! '' and I showed her how to rub it and brush it . She liked him for about 2 minutes and went off to her old toys . A real disappointment .
 This toy is a piece of junk . We bought it for our daughter and could n't get it to work for over an hour . Now , it works sporadically . I did n't realize it came with real-cat attitude .
 why ca n't we find this item . our child was so excited when the commercial came on she would like to have this for Christmas but you created a great product and a great ad but you did n't forsee the supply in demand .
 First of all my daughter wanted this cat real bad for her birthday . Called and traveled into alot of stores trying to find it but couldnt find it So I went ... and paid more than I should have and I am very dissapointed . Very hard body , ears , tail . Works so so but the hair that comes out of it , it sheds worse than a real cat . Just hold it against you and you have hair all over you . Its cute but not worth the money .
 I bought this for my daughters birthday . My cat does have pretty good head turns , but it hisses all the time !! Even when no one is touching it . My daughter got tired of it hissing when she was petting it so she decided she wants to take it back and get something else . Pretty loud motor . I definately would recommend no one waste their money on this product !!!
 I stood in line the day after thanksgiving in the FREEZING cold so my daughter could have this toy . From the minute she opened it , it has been nothing but junk . Works when it feels like it !
 We were hoping for a lot from this little fellow . At 24 inches , this would have been the pooh bear of my five-year-old 's dreams . But thanks to truly shoddy manufacturing , our Pooh came with his back seam completely unsewn . Not loose or unraveled , mind you , this poor doll 's back was never touched by a needle and thread . So what promised to be a great Christmas gift turned out to be a bust . I ca n't complain about the price , but the construction was just terrible . Live and learn , I guess .
 I have bought 3 of these and within 2 months they had all went completely dead . First the picture went out and then the sound . I ended up throwing them away because I had no receipt or packaging .
 I bought these based on the good reviews . I do highly detailed work under a magnifying light for hours at a time . I thought these might work better but the quality is not such that I could wear them for more than 10 minutes . Made of hard plastic & did not conform well to my head . Also I found the magnifying area too small .
 While the concept is good , there is no way to securly fasten the blue tubes to the main body , so they keep flying off and need reattaching as each child crawls through at their normal breakneck speeds . I would avoid it to be honest .
 I purchased this item for my ten month old son who loves to crawl around , through , and over everything these days . He loved it , but we had to return it in just a few days as many seams in all four tunnels were coming unstitched , exposing the metal bands and leaving hanging bits of thread everywhere . It was just coming apart at many of its seams . Like others , we were disappointed that the tunnels just sit in the hub and do not attach with Velcro or a snap connector . Judging by some of the other comments , this manufacturer may have a quality control issue .
 Do n't buy this . The company is clearly going out of business and all the products should be recalled . The software does n't load , AT ALL ! I 've since gone to review comments left on this company 's other products and it seems the software for those products do n't install either.Good luck if you go this route. : -LRB-
 I purchased these with the double lane slip & slide for my grandson 's birthday . The kids had a blast with them but they are n't very durable . One only lasted for a day and the other 3 for about 3 days worth of use . I guess quality is n't an option anymore .
 Had to keep blowing the things up held air for a short time not as good as the ones that i had
 What a waste these things did n't work or make it any better to slide with . The kids had a much better time on the slide without them .
 The product canme in a timely manner , but our summer is over and we have not been able to use it .
 This rhythm band set was touted as being for toddlers . When it came , the favorite instrument , of course , was the drum . Within 10 minutes of normal use by a 4 year old , the drum head was broken . When I examined it , I saw that it was made of paper . A toddler toy should be made of indestructable materials , not brown paper bag material . This was a birthday present for one of my twin grandsons . He was terribly disappointed , and so am I. I would never recommend this toy to anyone , even though the rest of the instruments were appropriately constructed .
 Broke on Christmas morning , less than 15 minutes of use by a 3yo . Tambourine is built the same way ; kids afraid to play it for fear of breaking it .
 The screen is lighted , but must still have light to use the touchpad . It is sometimes hard to get the stylus to work on the touchpad , sometimes needs a very hard touch . The `` new game '' point is too easy to touch when playing a game , which results in losing the one being worked on . It is light and easy to hold , but having to hold the stylus in just the right position makes it difficult to play multiple games .
 Appropriate ages 5 - 12 ? No way . I would not allow my niece who just turned 7 to play with these scantily clad dolls . ... McDonald 's is featuring the Bratz in their Happy Meals in May 2003 . On the Happy Meal box , there is a picture of the dolls with their stomaches exposed and one doll has on a skirt that barely covers her assets . ...
 I bought this toy and it was great for awhile ... until I checked everything out . Everything is soooo easy to lose and the feet look awful . Also , some of the clothes do n't even fit ! I was disappointed .
 I 'm sorry , but it 's true . I 'm 12 , and I hate them . Why ? Because they 're inapropriate . -LRB- Sorry about my bad spelling -RRB- Their skirts are WAY 2 short , and the commercial 4 the Bratz Boyz made me puke when the jingle sang `` oh , ah , cuddle with the boys '' and one of the cartoon dolls strokes the boyz chin . Please , do n't waist your time on this doll . Some of the clothes break easily . -LRB- I know cuz my BF used to like them , but now we use her as the snotty one when we play w / our `` Whats-her-faces '' and the worst thing WHF dolls wear are bathing suits . -RRB- I 'm not against ppl who like Bratz dolls , I 'm just posting my opinion .
 I bought this product for my son and only lasted for 3 hours , once the water got inside the system , it stopped running , the system was dead and did not start again , returned to the store and got my money back . Very nice but zero quality .
 Combined this with the ho turntable drive motor for remote operation . Recommend running the drive motor on 5vdc not 12vdc for reduced noise.Track contacts resemble motor brushes and were assembled improperly leading to a dead track after a few turns of the table . Fortunatly the deck comes off easily when installed in layout .
 I do n't know what it is about this product that justifies the use of the term `` 5 pack '' in its description , but my order contained a single 66 mL container of soapy fluid . For this , -LRB- ... -RRB- At best , misleading advertising ; at worse , a classic mail-order scam .
 I bought these bubbles to be part of my daughter 's fairy-themed birthday party . I envisioned little fairies , with wings and floral head wreaths , skipping around catching and holding bubbles . While the party was terrific , the bubbles were not . I think these are way overpriced for what they are . I did get the 5-pack , but the bubble blower is so tiny and makes such little bubbles . Ours did not stay bubbles for long , but I understand that may be related to the weather . Also , when they pop/deflate/whatever , the residue is pretty nasty . It 's a thick , sticky film that 's a little difficult to get off . I feel as if I threw away a chunk of money on this purchase and wish I had just gone to the grocery store and gotten cheap bottles of normal bubbles . The only positive thing I have to say about the catch a bubble is that the design of the container is very nice . It 's easy for little hands to hold and the top is designed so that if it tips over , the stuff really does n't all pour out .
 I bought these to experience the `` Catch A Bubble '' . They went out and I wondered if I would enjoy them . I know why they 're not popular anymore ; it 's because they false advertise . The package has a boy happily holding 9 bubbles stuck together in his hand . Nonetheless , I could n't catch one . Normal bubbles were easier to catch . Also , whenever you did catch this magical bubble , it would end up as sticky stuff on your hands . Who makes bubble oil out of sticky substance ? Avoid these and just get normal bubbles .
 I love catch a bubble , but I do n't know why this product is advertised as a 5 pack . I ordered it and only got one bottle for 20 buck . Amazon was apologetic and asked me to send if back and they would mail the correct one . I went through the hassle and sent it back and they mailed me another single bottle . I am still waiting for someone to contact me and send me what I actually paid for . Twenty dollars for one bottle of bubbles is ridiculous . I have had such a bad experience with this that I am not sure I will ever order from Amazon again .
 I must have received a defective batch - the bubbles were just ordinary soap bubbles . They did n't last any longer than any other bubbles . Also , the bubble wand in one of them came apart before I even had a chance to use it . All of the other reviews are so positive that I can only conclude that I got a dud !
 I must say that the kids had fun with these for awhile , but they are very messy , and sticky . They leave a super-glue like residue on everthing they touch , including hands . If the solution gets spilled , its a big mess . This one is No fun for parents .
 This toy does not specify that you have to blow it up for starters . Once you finally exhaust yourself and take it outside , it collapses due to the cold weather . It is more for indoor use . On the plus side , it is very large and would be fun indoors , but who wants to play in an igloo indoors or in the summertime ?
 this was such a disappointment . multiple holes in the plastic and was totally unusable . on the good note the return policy and procedure from amazon was awesome and very appreciated . janb
 I oredered this Life Sized Yoda as a anniversary gift for my husband . I was so excited to see his reaction when he saw it . I was going to save it for a surprise and have him open it the day of our anniversary . When the box came it was damaged . It looked like it had been through war . The bottom was untapped , bad packing . The top was pretty much open . The fragile stickers were damaged . I had him open it hoping Yoda would be in a seperate box and safe . I was wrong . Yoda was right there in plastic wrap with shredded news paper surrounding him and his stand and light saber . We pulled Yoda out and both his feet were broke . No wonder since he was handled with out care . When spending this amount of money I would hope others would put more care into packing an item . We took out the stand and Yoda is suppose to stand on it with one stick that goes in his foot . The stick dosent even fit securely in the stand . Even if he wasnt broke getting him to stand up is hard without leaning him on something . He is to top heavy . Yoda looks like hes made from styrofoam . Does he look awesome ? Yes he does . He has a lot of potential , but lack of care in making him and lack of care in packaging him makes this item not even worth spending your money on . I am a collecter of Disney and Star wars . Art , statues and figures . I have spent less on a piece and got better qaulity . I am very dissapointed in this item and how it was handled I cant say it enough . If I had seen this in the store I wouldnt have bought it just because he is so cheaply made .
 Just received my Rubies Yoda purchased directly from Amazon today via UPS . I know prior customers who ordered this had problems with the item coming in damaged , and I 'm sorry to say that I am now a member of their group . While this Yoda looks nice , the toes and hands are made of a material that is not dense and are prone to breakage . This is a VERY cheaply made item for the price . Furthermore , my Yoda did not come with the rod that attached from his foot to the stand allowing him to stay on the stand without tipping over . The box that it was shipped in was not damaged , but Yoda is just that fragile . I was also disappointed that the base is made of a cheap plastic , but could have lived with that had he arrived undamaged . Luckily I ordered from Amazon and not one of the other retailers as returning this item appears to be easy , as Amazon scheduled UPS to come by the next day and pick up the item and it did not cost me anything to return it . While unhappy with the purchase , Amazon made the experience a lot easier to take , I could n't imagine the hassle I would get trying to return this little guy to one of these Halloween stores out of state .
 I was hesitant to order this , given the complaints about quality in earlier reviews . In the end , I decided to take a chance , knowing that I could return it to Amazon at no cost if it were to arrive damaged ... and indeed it did . Both arms were broken off . I returned it for a replacement . The replacement arrived and I could see that it too had at least one broken limb -LRB- I did n't bother to finish unpacking to see the entire scope of the damage -RRB- . The earlier reviews were spot on about how flimsy this item is -- it is simply not worth the trouble.This is a real shame too , as Yoda looks pretty good . The likeness is good , though the eyes look a tad `` painted on '' and the hair is `` punched in '' and somewhat clumpy rather than wispy . The base is also very cheap . I could have easily lived with all of these quibbles if the unit had arrived intact.Curiously , my first unit had the invoice from Rubies to Amazon inside it . Amazon 's cost is $ 425 on this item , which may be a clue to a theoretical price floor on this item . I paid $ 498 , and luckily I 'm getting every cent of that back . Thank you to Amazon for making the return process so smooth . As another reviewer noted , I can not imagine the hassle it would take to return this to a mom and pop shop .
 How can this `` look and feel like the real thing '' ? To what would Toys R Us be comparing it ?
 I have to say I am suprised people like this toy . I think its dangerous . Its very powerful and really `` flys '' off . My son got it from the easter bunny and we dented the car on the first fly off . I moved the cars out of the way but never did I realize that thing was going to go as far and as fast as it did . I would recommend buying this if you value your possessions . Theres no way an even responsible 10 year old isnt going to damage something !
 I ordered the `` Brutus '' Beanie Baby for my son , to replace one he has had for 5 years , that goes everywhere with us and has traveled internationally . I ordered the `` standing '' Brutus , but was sent the Brutus laying down , and the result has been less than pleasant . As it is obviously not the same beanie , we are having problems `` connecting '' with it .
 I ordered this easel for my 2-year old . I thought it 's a nice idea - he loves to color and paint . The first thing I noticed was the strong smell that came from the unopened box . When we assembled it , we had to open the door because the odor was filling the whole room and our eyes got itchy . Besides this , the quality was very bad - not something I expected for that price range . It looks cute - but that 's probably it .
 We purchased this easel as Christmas gift for my 6 year old daughter . Since we have tried to put it together has been a nightmare . We have contacted the company twice because the did not send us the right legs for the back of the easel . I was told the legs would be In and overnighted !!! Well still Waiting !!! The wood is very flimsy and cheap !!! The trays are as well and have cracks and paint smears all over ... Not worth money !!!!!
 It 's such a lovely easel otherwise , good quality wood frame and attractive . But come on people , I am SO SO SO disappointed nobody noted in reviews that for a hundred bucks , costing many times more than an Ikea easel , this one does not come with a real chalkboard ! It 's plastic . Chalk barely makes a mark on it . It is false advertising to sell this product as including a chalkboard when it is not at all a chalkboard , just made to look like one . You can even see in the photo on Amazon for the product a child drawing on the chalkboard -- it 's a lie . In reality chalk does not work like that at all on the faux-chalkboard . Perhaps the model changed and Amazon still lists it under the same item . Which is something I have seen Amazon do on other items too , which misrepresents the true feedback for the item in stock . I would return this but I had to tear apart the box to get the huge pieces out of it and I did n't know the chalkboard was n't real until the whole thing was assembled and I tried to draw on it with chalk . Boo boo boo at KidKraft for making an easel like this !!!
 Well , they have done it again . Last year , we received the KidKraft train table , and I reviewed it negatively.If I had a choice in the matter , I would definitely have gone with a different company , but , alas , my mother-in-law did not read my review . To clarify , the easel we received was not exactly the one pictured . They have the same product number , but ours is `` B '' instead of `` A '' . I did have an open mind to start , but it became closed when I tried to assemble the thing . Two problems
 This pop gun is very poor quality . There 's a tiny cork on a plastic string that does not pop , with either a noise or an action ! I was going to give it to my son for Christmas , but I wo n't bother .
 I went through two of these for my 5 year old son . The first one would n't pop at all , and they sent me a new one with no hassles whatsoever . I ca n't complain about the service , they wanted me to be satisfied . The problem is that the next one , which did pop , only popped some of the time and not at all loudly . My son quickly realized that it was n't a great toy and stopped using it .
 This showed up with the cork stuck and breaking apart . I did give it to my son later after I took the string and cork out . He still loves the design .
 This was cheap but did n't work . I could n't find info on the company it came from to return it . Not a good buy .
 I bought this for a gag gift . It is cute but not made very well . It is difficult to make the cork pop out . However for the price and my intentions I did not feel ripped off . LOL . And it did bring a smile to my friends face !
 This product 's description says it is recommended for children age 5-8 . IT IS TOO SMALL FOR MOST CHILDREN OVER THE AGE OF 4 or 5 . My girls are 4 and 5 and I think it 's too small for them . I certainly could not see any 7 or 8 year old playing it comfortably . I was highly disappointed .
 I bought a similar Barbie doll from this vendor -LRB- $ 120 -RRB- . The collector doll arrived with damaged packaging . The packing is important for collector dolls , and it was clear that the doll had been packed in a box slightly too small , so that the interior packaging arrived slightly crumpled , which created white stress lines in the clear package casing . Amazon requested that I work with the vendor to try to resolve the problem . The vendor had insured the package but took more than two weeks to work out whether he/she could submit a claim . I finally was tired of waiting and bought my daughter-in-law a different gift and told the vendor I just wanted a refund . At Amazon 's instructions , I then sent back the doll -LRB- at my expense -RRB- . To date I have received less than half of my money back , so the vendor has both the doll and most of money . She has not responded to emails requesting the balance of the money back . I would not recommend buying from this vendor , as he/she does not take sufficient care with packaging , is not timely with responses , does not return money for damaged products , and does not provide satisfactory customer service .
 Missing pieces , no product directions with shipment . We were very busy since ordering this canopy , and when we got around to assembling it was missing headboard , and footboard essential for assembly . Then upon missing parts we can not do anything with your product due to a ninety day past ordering clause . We do not thank you for your services , and will not be a customer no longer because of your unsatisfactory services . We will also advise friends , and family not to use your services .
 this concept is good just wasnt worth the money was so embassed when I open this product it was for a birthday , looks just like wood I went to the hardware store and lay on top of each other returend next day
 Just a board and two smaller boards . Not worth the $ 70 I paid . You can go to home depot and buy board for $ 10 . Crap !
 I 'm a huge batman fan , and I expected this toy to be amazing.Unfortunately , this r/c `` tumbler '' is not really playful . The front steering wheel does n't turn really well . It nudges 10 degrees to the left or to the right . Remember the Austin Power movie when Austin was stuck in the hallway with that cart ? That 's how I felt when I tried turning this batmobile . In addition , the jumping feature has not worked for me . I read the manual on how it works . At this moment , I still have not made it jump.On other hand , the sculpture is superb ! nuff said.The remote control is cheap like any other stock remote control.This product is not worth $ 40 . Fortunately , I purchased this unit for $ 20 during the Thanksgiving holiday sale . However , the 9.6 V Battery -LRB- sold separately -RRB- is another $ 20 . I give this product 2 stars .
 I bought this toy for my 5 year old nephew who lives on the other side of the country from me . There is some type of special battery required but not included . I have searched Amazon but ca n't find the battery details nor a link . The batteries listed with the product are just standard 9V . There is no mention of a special and expensive 9.6 V battery required . In fact , Amazon states , in writing , that just -LRB- 1 -RRB- 9V battery is required . This is clearly false advertising and misrepresentation of a product . Amazon is responsible for this and I am emailing them with my complaint . This is no way for a major online retailer to do business and simply irresponsible . I can see from the `` Customers who bought this item also bought these toys & games '' list that not many others knew about this either .
 Bad enough that the toy is a scam that requires extra parts . But the surprise here is the complicity of Amazon in this misleading packaging . This is probably why the product is unavailable suddenly and the battery charger nowhere to be found . They know they made a mistake . If only they would contact us each now for a full refund.I wish a rep from Amazon could have spent the holiday week with my family as we searched from store to store for that charger . I wish he could have spent an afternoon of watching my child stare at the toy he waited for . . . his `` big '' gift .
 Luckily I had one of the 9.6 volt batteries around and saved myself 20 dollars , after placing the battery in which is no easy task , he has to walk behind it to get it to go , the range is terrible , why is there no antenna on the vehicle also ? Too bad I threw the box away Xmas morning , now I 'm out 49.99 . Live and learn
 My son is a total `` Batman Begins '' fan . Everything on his Xmas list was `` Batman '' which inlcuded this car . It was very disappointing for him to open this car and find out that the additional battery which is packed by `` Tyco '' was not included . The 9V battery is easy to get and also packaged so that you know you will need it - but otherwise a major waste of time . The search for this other battery is something I would not recommend for another parent to endure . Best advise - DO N'T GET IT !
 The worst part about this toy is that , not only do you have to purchase a separate battery pack , the pack has to be removed from the car to be charged . This entails unscrewing a hard to reach piece . After sliding the battery in , you have to plug the wires in and somehow get them out of the way of the cover ... I was n't able to do this . The only way to get the pack out is to pull on the wires . They are sure to break after a few times.Now , as far as the use of the car , you ca n't steer it very well at all , the front wheels barely pivot . It just bangs into things because you have no control . You ca n't slow it down . Never did figure out the jumping thing.this is an overpriced piece of crap . My 8 year old did n't even like it . He was happy to have me take it back for a car he could control .
 My son received this car for Christmas and I was appalled . Amazon only says that it requires a 9 volt battery , which was no problem getting . But as for the 9 V Turbo battery and charger , good luck finding that . I bought it when it was on sale for $ 19.99 and the original price said it was $ 59.99 , so I thought that I was getting a deal . HUGE MISTAKE ! I did n't know that I would have to purchase an additional $ 20 battery . NO WONDER WHY IT WAS ONLY $ 19.99 ! ITs a piece of junk . I also got the batboat , but I 'm afraid to see what that might need . My advice , DONT GET IT !
 This car does not have the expensive battery pack in the car to even run it when the package was opened . The 9 volt battery was not included either ! -LRB- As stated in description ... -RRB- Vey disappointing for a young boy !
 The ad for the Batman Begins Radio Control Jumping Batmobile says `` 1 9V battery required '' . I just opened the box and it also requires a 9.6 Volt Turbo NiCd battery ... another $ 20 or more !!!! I am very disappointed Amazon.com . What 's up with this misleading advertising ?? This toy may be on the way back to you .
 I read the reviews and I still decided t order the car . My son really wanted it . I paid $ 30.00 dollars for the car and $ 29.99 for the shipping and handling . While I waited for the car I bought the two batteries for an additional $ 17.50 but when I finally received the car and tried to place the batteries then I discovered that I need to buy a charger and more batteries . My three year old son is very sad ! and my pocket is now empty.I regret buying this car , I should have listened to the reviews.I now have a very dissapointed three year old son ...
 I made the mistake of buying this toy for a friend 's son - without reading the comments and reviews first ! WHAT A MISTAKE ! I agree totally with the other comments . A $ 30.00 toy that REQUIRES a $ 20 battery ? Amazon recommended a $ 6.29 battery pack - that was completely deceiving . VERY disappointed .
 Very disappointed and is being returned as we speek . The battery is almost impossible to find and even harder to charge . I guess you get what you pay for .
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS TOY , THE BATTERY IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR THIS TOY . LEARN FROM MY MISTAKE . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!!!!!! no where in the product discription does it tell you that the 9.6 volt battery is NOT INCLUDED , all it says , is that you will have to purchase a 9 volt battery for the remote . Do n't look for the Tyco 9.6 volt battery in a store or on line , because it will be `` out of stock '' . I have been trying to purchase one for 4 months !
 This is a very sad excuse for a train . The engine could not pull the cars . The flimsy , plastic connectors may have been part of the problem . To make matters worse , the vendor would not agree to take the product back because , in his estimation , it had been `` used '' . Evidently , the customer is supposed to be able to determine whether or not this product is defective simply by looking at the unopened package . Needless to say , this was a very unsatisfactory purchase both in terms of the product and the vendor . However , Amazon was more than cooperative and helpful , and I did receive a full refund . Over the years , this has been my one and only frustrating transaction with Amazon . I will avoid any purchases from this vendor and this manufacturer and will continue to shop with Amazon .
 We were very excited to receive this train , and very grateful to the person who gave it to us as a gift , but unfortunately we have had nothing but problems with it . There were several problems.First , the track did not fit together smoothly ; the instructions say that you may have to use pliers to adjust the track so that the track is smooth and bump-free . I call this poor engineering and/or cheap manufacturing . Unfortunately , this matters , because if you do not make the track perfectly smooth , you 'll find the train falls off the tracks at exactly the place where the bumps are.Second , the engine and cars themselves do not fit easily onto the tracks . I mean , it is hard to tell whether they are actually sitting on the tracks or instead just a little way off the tracks . The only way I could find to be sure of exact center placement is actually to run the train.Third , the cars and engine do not connect to each other in any obvious way . You can semi-sort of hook them together , but they come apart very easily . I tried various ways to get the coupling shut when two cars are next to each other , but found no way to do so . If there is a way to fit the cars together more solidly , I could n't figure it out . And there is nothing in the instructions about this . As a result it is almost impossible to make a full train . The coaches come uncoupled at the smallest problem -LRB- such as bumps in the tracks , above -RRB- . These first three problems basically mean that there is no easy way to put the whole train together and run it on the tracks , except at the very slowest speeds . This must be why the instructions say not to run at full speed.Fourth , the wheels come off easily!Fifth , the railing around the engine is made of thin wire and cheap plastic , and snaps off even with fairly gentle handling.This is not what I would call fine engineering -- really a terrible product . I 'm not a model train aficionado , and maybe someone like that would be able to get this train to run better , but when I was a kid , I had a reliable old Lionel train that I do n't recall having these sorts of problems with .
 Wheels had a hard time gripping the track . It seems that the train needed to weigh a little more . The vender was really great about returning the item . We ended saving up for a O gauge instead .
 Very disappointed with this set . The engine comes off the track every time it goes around . If the layout was bigger maybe it would not come off but the oval is tight and can not support the large engine .
 I purchased this train set for my grandson 's 4th birthday . Received it in a very timely fashion . Was excited to find a steam engine train set that actually had smoke . Unfortunately , I should have really read the reviews others had posted regarding this train set . The wheels come off constantly and make it very disappointing to play with . It also gets off track very easily . Buyer beware .
 Setting it on the track is next to impossible ... wheels come off constantly ... very frustrating set . If you decide to buy , remember I told you so !
 The Bachmann HO Overland Limited Train Set is an absolutely beautiful train set if all you want to do is look at it . If you want to operate the Overland Limited Set or play with it , BUY SOMETHING ELSE
 do n't buy it . the front wheels fell off after one use . i 'm not kidding .
 This product does not work . Poor workmanship , and the pieces do not fit together properly . Your kid will be disappointed with this item .
 I ordered some of these for children only to discover they 're not suitable for the children I intended . These are tiny plastic wind-up toys about the quality of Happy Meal toys , but not safe for small children . I am kicking myself for being fooled by pictures , again . I 'm keeping them for adult stocking stuffers , for a couple of friends who love robots - not their young children . Kids will enjoy watching , but these are n't sturdy enough to withstand rough treatment .
 The Galatic Robot Windup by Toysmith was a disappointment . It was damaged and could not windup . Why would a seller send a toy that does not work to a child ? The only reason I did not return the toy to the seller is that the shipping costs cost more than this toy . I will not buy another tyoy from Toysmith .
 i got it today it broke today garbage toy i hate it do n't buy it ahhhhh please dont buy it please
 This zipline has one major weakness - the plastic trolley will melt down within 5 months . You can get a more durable one for about the same price elsewhere . Do n't buy this one.Also , the seller Extextoys will have you call the manufacturer `` Spring Swings '' 1-800-893-4373 who will say that you are not using the zipline properly and blame you for the worn out trolley . Two different folks at Spring Swings said this . Unbelievable .
 Received this a a gift for my 6 and 10 y.o. . They use it frequently . I built a platform for safe launches . Capacity says 250lbs , so I tried it -LRB- Dad , 200lbs -RRB- and one of the metal turnbuckle stripped it 's threads , landing me on my kiester . I bought a better capacity unit at hardware store . Note for Dads to stay off.After about a year , the cable chewed through one of the pulleys . I 'm trying to source a new one . The kids like it , but the hardware should be better quality .
 Absolutely horrible product ! My daughter 's 4th grade friend was injured as the steel cable snapped due to poor quality product . I called the company and they refused to replace the cable . Terrible customer service and a terrible product . I am lucky that the family of the injured girl did not sue me !
 Purchased Feb. 9 , 2012 . Installed Feb. 25 , 2012 . Load rating up to 250 lbs.Average use on weekends by kids less than 75 lbs.Trolley inoperable - April 28 , 2012 . During the average course of a ride the rider will swing left and right . Because the trolley is made of plastic , the metal cord will rub/wear the trolley . This will eventually create wear that the trolley is n't designed to withstand . Our rear wheel became so deformed that it would n't spin , but the rider could still descend on 3 wheels . This further deformed the rear wheel and created ill wear on the remaining 3 wheels - till it just would n't slide.I think if the trolley had somesort of metal guides for the cablepath it would have lasted longer.I just expected more .
 flimsy and cheap home depot has heavy duty 1/4 wire . . could not hold sons weight 110 Lbs . . Bought wire at home depot and clamps way lot safer then this cheap thing . . wire 100 ft at home depot 1/4 $ 35
 I purchased this Zipline and installed it based on the directions included with the packaging . On the third ride the line slipped out of the bolts and my 15 year old son dropped 12 feet on his chest and head . He is ok , however when I decided to put the line back up I went to HomeDepot to get new parts . What I found was that the U bolts included in the package were not recommended for the size of wire rope included in the package . I bought 100 feet of new wire rope , new U bolts based on the size recommended for the wire rope and saved nearly $ 100 on the materials . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I installed the line in the back yard , and it was used by kids and some adults that weighed less than the rated load capacity . I include that information to let you know that we did n't abuse the product or stress it past what it was supposed to be able to handle according to the manual . Within 3 months of use , one of the cheap plastic wheels in the trolley had failed and the trolly would n't run to the end of the line anymore . If you are in the market for a zip line , find a kit with metal wheels . A better trolley may cost 50 dollars more , but having the zip line work for an entire season is worth it .
 This product should not be on the market . Based on the assembly directions and product quality , this is not a product that should be approved for children . I would strongly recommend against purchasing . We have returned ours after hours of attempted assembly and eventually realizing the quality / injury risk thru testing . If you are thinking of purchasing , run , do n't walk to another product
 I purchased this set two months ago and did n't find the time to install it until last weekend.The main roller is made put of cheap plastic which was suspicious since it carries all the load . I also notices that even after tightening the bolts it was n't perfect.Despite the above I was able to assemble the kit . My 6 years old tried it twice and my concerns became reality . The main blue plastic was cracked ... I am looking for a way to return the set and get a safer one .
 For a product over $ 100 , why did this supplier cheap out on the u-bolt clamps ? Three of the six clamps had threads that stripped when I was tightening the nuts . This is a huge safety hazard in my opinion as a mechanical engineer . Shame on them for selling such a low quality/defective product especially when it comes to children 's safety . Btw , a $ 4 purchase at the hardware store for 6 new u-bolt cable clamps remedied the situation . Yes , we are enjoying it now , but such a safety issue requires me to rank this product as low as possible .
 I 'd like to apologize for doubting all the people who tried to warn us about the quality of this product . As others have noted , the instructions are lacking , customer service is poor and most importantly , the trolley is doomed to fail regardless of the rated weight limits . My 11 year old daughter and her friends used this for 3 days before the plastic rollers wore out . I will say that when working my children loved this item . If you choose to purchase this item be prepared to replace the rollers -LRB- available at hardware stores -RRB- and please inspect often to prevent a serious injury .
 It took some careful analysis to decipher the instructions but once we knew what we were doing , installation was n't that bad . Just do n't try to do this while your kids are anxious to start zipping!Unfortunately , the trolley only lasted about 15 rounds and now does n't glide but rather stutters down the line . The final straw was an attempt by my husband to use the line after being begged by the kiddo . He is well below the reported 250 limit!No amount of adjustment has resolved the problem . So now I feel like I paid $ 144 for a piece of cable . : -LRB-
 The first problem I ran into installing this unit was that the cable sling is only long enough to rap around 7 '' diameter tree . The second problem I had was that one nuts on one of the turnbuckles was stripped .
 Cheaply made product . I certainly wouldnt put a 250 pound person on this . After 3 days of use , the plastic on the pulley is fraying , and so far everyone that has used it has been under 120 pounds . Also , we had to buy a winch , -LRB- $ 40.00 -RRB- to keep it tightened . NOT WORTH THE MONEY ...
 Product came in a box , not a dice cup as shown in the picture . Very misleading . Could have bought the same dice cheaper ,
 I bought this gun and it did n't even work !!! I was really disappointed that it that it did n't shoot !!!!!!!!! It 's not that good of a gun !!!!!
 My son got it for Easter and it does n't work . It did n't come with directions so I got online but it still does n't work . I am really ticked . Something my son was so excited about and it does n't even work . Do n't waste your money even though it is only a few dollars . JUNK !!!!!!!!
 the image of the Nerf maverick is not the item being sold here . the item i received was a rather unimpressive key chain that had a max range of 15 ' .
 This toy is exactly as represented in the description - ten sheets of glossy , multicolored paper , two little containers of black paint , and a foam paintbrush . One uses it by smearing the black paint on the paper , then adding texture by dragging household items through the paint.It 's fun enough kit . Unfortunately , since the container only includes ten sheets of paper , it 's also a rather poor value .
 This toy falls apart everytime my son touches it . From the guns to the whole wings falling off . He now only plays with fusilage . If you only want to look at this toys it 's great . Pretty frustrating for a 6 year old .
 The bad thing about this toy : This toy , mmm ... . not the best . sometimes , most of the time , parts fall off and it 's a big pain . Usually the wings , but not only the wings . The guns fall off , the missles sometimes fire easily by accident , it 's not the greatest toy . The good thing about this toy
 My son purchased this toy with a gift card he recieved for his birthday . He was very excited about it . When it arrived , his parents were quite amazed at just how big it is -LRB- I know , we should check the dimensions first -RRB- . It 's really big ; too big , I think to really get much playing value out of it . Also , it does not stay together . It has not broken , but the wings and guns do not stay on under even light play . My son still is proud of it , but he does not play with it any more . He just told me he wished he had bought something else with his gift card.Not the best toy for the price . I 'd say it 's better to get one of the smaller Star Wars vehicles , plus lots of guys -- THAT 'S what my son and his friends always play with .
 Hi I am a 10 year old kid rhat really hates this toy and why i do is :1 . cheap2.does not stay together3.breaks very easily4.don ' t buy this !!!!!!!!!!
 its so dumb id rather make one out cardboard . this gives starwars a bad name not that it already has one . worst thing ever . worth as much as a used toilet seat .
 this toy is the worst toy in the world . this is definatly a toy that should not be sold . it gives starwars an even worse name.this toy should be 1 $
 engine is not powerful enough to pull the train . all of bachmann 's steam engines are underpowered and burn up quickly and i have 4 diferent ones to prove it
 This is a terrible product . The engine and first car are one piece hinged in the middle . The engine is fake and is actually pushed by the attached car . Because of this , the engine keeps derailing and jack knifes constantly . The three trailing cars are completely made of plastic and do n't weigh enough for the joining knuckles to hinge as the train goes around the track , so they too keep derailing . I bought this brand new and would not suggest buying it for anything other than the track .
 this train failed in less then four hours of use -- never heard back from the company when i asked if i could return it for a refund or replacement
 I bought this for my 4 year old son . We were both disapointed when he tried getting the blades to come out of the glove because it has a piece of plastic that his fingers are supposed to grip that slides on another plastic bar . When the hand is pushed down , the blades are supposed to come out and then back up to get them to go back into the glove . It would be a good gift for a much older child because the plastic that he holds onto slides with the movement of the hand , but in his case didnt give him enough leverage to push it all the way down since his arm is so short . To try to fix the sliding handgrip , I had to put tape on the plastic bar to keep the hand grip from sliding down to his wrist , it helped just a little , he still has to use both hands to get the blades to come out . Save your self the frustration of a whiney child .
 I was in shock when my Republic Gunship arrived without being packed in a second box to protect it . Amazon put the shipping label right on the box of the ship . It was not even packed in another box to protect it . If you want the actual box to be in good condition do n't buy it from Amazon . My box was destroyed and had holes poked in it . I do n't know what is going on here but if you plan to open box and do n't care about the packaging being in good shape get it at Amazon . I had heard horror stories about other peoples packaging experiences but never thought it would happen to me . Oddly enough my Arc 170 fighter was packed in another box very carefully and the shipping was the same for both .
 It is `` o.k. '' not really thrilled with it . The screen is hard to see at times , depending how much light is in the area where you are playing . Second and most important the game is difficult to play as you can not see all the cards . When I play the game on the Computer the cards are ALL displayed and makes the game easier to understand and `` read '' the cards
 I love Freecell , and wanted a handheld version to take with me . Unfortunately , not seeing one in any store before buying it on line was a mistake ; I would have never purchased this one if I had . The layout on the screen makes it extremely difficult to see the suit cards or entire rows/lines of cards , and since the game came with no instructions -LRB- other than for the battery -RRB- I have yet to figure out how to scroll up and down to see what is where . Very disappointed in this one !
 It was a Christmas present . It worked 1 -LRB- ONE -RRB- day and then broke . The receiver threw the packaging away so there is no way to return it , even so . I am very disappointed .
 I do n't like that there is n't any way to see the whole game , only what fits on the screen . I also do n't like having to use a stylus .
 As an owner of three worn out Radica FreeCell handheld games , I was disappointed in the Bicycle Touch Screen FreeCell . It is not very responsive to stylus taps , more difficult to scroll up and down , and no where near as handy to play as the no longer manufactured Radica.Nevertheless , it is better than no FreeCell !
 Found the screen to be dark and had to hold in slant to see which is uncomfortable . So when laying down or sitting it is not easy to see the screen . I love to play but ... . Also you ca n't see cards in upper level when you have 5 or 6 cards in row . Would not recommend this particular Free Cell card . Hardly play with it .
 The product description is false . The mounting plate is not universal -- it has a bolting pattern of 3.5 '' W x 2.5 '' H. That 's kind of important .
 It was fun while it lasted , and the E-Z track is , indeed , very easy . However , the HO electric train engine stopped working within 1 day of use . I disassembled the engine and found that the electric motor housing is plastic , and with the heat from prolonged use , the housing melted and warped to the point that the motor would not longer run . The instructions warn against prolonged use and state that `` you will extend the mechanical life of your train by not running it for prolonged periods ... '' , but tell that to an excited child who wants to run it constantly . The durability of this toy is poor .
 The website was misleading . It only lasted my son 3 hours . The site did not inform us that the train should not run for a one hour non stop . Pure nonsense . How do you tell a kid who loves a train to run it for 10 minutes per day and then turn it off till the next day . This product is pure rubbish .
 i am very unhappy with this product my son has played with this toy for only a week and the face of thomas has fallen off the black tracks were not a sturdy as noted as soon as i took the package apart to set up the tracks two of the tracks broke ... i want my money backBachmann Trains Deluxe Thomas and Friends Special Ready-to-Run HO Train Set
 The charger did not work so my son could not use . ? It was $ 100.00 wasted . I need a replacement charger .
 the train engine only ran for about 10 minutes before it quit working . in process of trying to get it replaced . very unhappy 8 year old , this was to be his first electric train .
 I use solitaire to think and waste time . I use it extensively . This one did n't last two days before it would n't respond to the touch . I replaced the batteries and it lasted another three days before it stopped responding to the touch screen . I have put it in a drawer and wrote it off as a loss . I 'm still looking for something I can play solitaire on as I travel , etc. .
 Having spent approx . $ 4 , I think it was worth about that - maybe a little less . It does n't allow you to see the full line of cards , sometimes it wo n't allow you to make a legitimate move , and is very poorly lit .
 I was very excited to get this game , however , no matter what I set the illumination at , I can bearlly see the screen , not enought to even try playing a game . Hugely disappointed .
 You cant see it unless in the day time , It cheats.I dont know how it got thru Qality control.Will not buy another one
 I have played electronic solitaire games before but this one was strange . I could n't put a lenght of cards over to another pile , as if I was only allowed to play the cards that were showing on the small screen.Very strange.I would n't recommend this particular brand to anyone because of that feature .
 I do n't know what I was distracted by when I ordered this ; I did n't realize it used a pointer styls . This type of electronic game is primitive . It is so much harder to operate than the standard button types . If a stack of cards has more than 5 or 6 -LRB- # ? , 12 is a full stack -RRB- cards in it you ca n't see the bottom , or top , card without touching a spot then touching the bottom card repeatedly as only one card at a time is moved -LRB- and the top card disappears -RRB- and so it goes to get to the last card . OR if you want the top card that may or may not be hidden you have to do the same thing . It is tedious and it is small screen which makes it worse . But it does allow you to move the stack , if you have the patience and the time .
 I was very disappointed in this product . The image shown on Amazon is a far cry from the actual project . The true project picture is displayed as a tiny photo on the back of the packaging . The printed canvas is severely lacking in detail -LRB- for example
 I had a memory of Mme Alexander baby dolls being super nice when my daughter received one . So purchased for a new granddaughter . I did n't even much like the way it looked , the head is more adult than baby size , and then - the sleepy eyes did n't work - sometimes one was open , one closed - sometimes they both rolled back to the whites - horrible ! I returned it .
 My Granddaughter -LRB- 2yr -RRB- would not even touch this doll ! It is very small and the `` hands '' looked more like misshapen claws . This was a total waste ! Not at all the expected quality for Madame Alexander .
 Yes , this doll is durable and has a classic face . I was disappointed though by the `` dog squeaker '' inside the doll 's belly to make a crying sound . It is literally the same sound my dog 's toys make . Also , the doll 's right eye is stuck shut more often than not . I had read , prior to my purchase , in another customer review that they had this same problem but I was swayed by the other overwhelming positive reviews . I will be returning this overpriced one-eyed dog toy . The fancy name brand does n't make up for the price .
 I bought this for my six year old . I was extremely disappointed with the durability . Every time he drops it the head and all the equipment fall off . It is very difficult to put back together ! It 's a struggle to get all the pieces in place in order to get the helmet back on . For the price of this thing , -LRB- 45 $ -RRB- this should not be ! Everyone mentions difficulty with the boots , I can deal with tight boots , it 's the head that makes this toy not worth the money .
 i was very pleased with the fast service and response to this product . was packed very well and in excellent condition when i received it . i would order any time from amazon and recommend them to all my friends and family . thanks again for being so prompt and friendly .
 This is a Game Key for two Disney themed games playable on Jakks TV Games Controllers.The product picture is too low resolution to be able to tell , but the product states on the front , `` ONLY for use with TV GAMES CONTROLLERS featuring Disney Princess . '' The product does n't state this anywhere in the description.This will not work with other TV Games Controllers that accept Game Keys . Do not buy this product unless you already have a DISNEY PRINCESS TV Game Controller .
 My daughter ordered this with birthday money . She got batman UNO , she wanted original uno . The deck only contained blue and green , no red or yellow numbered cards . It 's not very fun to play UNO with only two colors . Not a happy camper .
 Luckily , the 4 missing cards from the initial purchase were in the extra deck you shipped . However , there are only 108 cards in one UNO card deck . After removing the 4 missing cards from the new UNO card deck you shipped to me , I counted 120 cards left over.THERE IS SOMETHING DEFINITELY WRONG WITH YOUR QUALITY CONTROL SYSTEM !!!
 I 've played this game for years and it 's still as fun as it ever was . However , this is probably the worst update of the game I 've ever seen . Replacing the Draw 2 , reverse and skip cards with symbol only cards makes the game extremely confusing for new players . The draw 2 card is the worst out of all of them with a '' +2 '' as the symbol , making it easily confused with an actual 2 . After playing the game for years , I understood the gane fine , but it was extremely confusibg for new players . I hope they bring the card names back in the next update .
 I love this game so I bought this . However I found the quality was pretty bad . The colors printed are barely even . I mean if you take two red cards you will see they are in different colors ! Moreover , the paper I mean the material is also disappointed in quality . And the instructions , fulfilled with Chinese , is a disaster in the box ! I would never recommend anyone to buy this stuff .
 I purchased this produce because I thought it must be made by durable material for this price . I really disappointed when I received it .
 My son is n't scared of the vacuum cleaner , but he hates this toy . It scares him and we had to get rid of it so he would n't freak out . The button -LRB- on the nose of the toy -RRB- is hard to push for infants and he could never push it himself .
 I would not suggest this toy for children under at least one year of age . While they are attracted to the vibrations it is made from very hard plastic and things such as the ears and nose sticking out can cause bumps , bruises and other tears . Also , after dropping it once on our kitchen floor it stopped working . It is cute but just be careful with this one .
 Grandma got this as a holiday gift for my daughter . Grandma is very generous and we love her bunches , but I wish she had saved her money.Please do n't buy it . It 's awful . You hit the nose and it shakes for 5 seconds . That 's it . It 's a big , bulky , obnoxious toy . I have no idea how this got through product design.I hate getting gifts that you have to throw away . This is n't even donatable . I could n't pawn this off on any of my friends . It 's that bad . No one would take this for free . I do n't know how this is on the market . It 's ugly , does n't do anything , is too big ... . I suppose if you have a basement full of toys you can toss this into the pile of stuff the kid will never play with , but if you are space constrained , you just ca n't have something like this .
 I hate this toy . My child received it as a gift last Christmas and it 's truly awful . She can not press the nose herself , so I have to do it over and over again . It only makes noise and vibrates for about five seconds . Plus , it 's heavy so I think it 's kind of dangerous . One of the worst , mindless noise making toys ever .
 Barely shakes at all . And you have to constantly keep pushing the button . It needs an `` on '' and `` off '' switch . It 's in the trash after 2 days .
 This is one of those toys that does not get played with because my grandson can not push the nose hard enough to turn it on . When we push the nose for him it only vibrates for 4 seconds on one song and 8 seconds on another . I am so disappointed with this toy , it is cutoy
 I collect alot of Mcfarlane figure 's and I have no complaints except for this particualar figure , I remember getting this when I was 12 and it was christmas that time til when I turned just about 15 this sucker just broke down by pieces I was really mad when that happen cause how BA this figure looks as many as you know this figure is base on Terminator 2 when that famous scene when the terminator placed his foot on a skull and crushed it so now I 'm using this terminator has a battle scene with my T-X Endoskeleton standing over itl looking badass any way great detail but this figure will probably wont last that long if being played with I would recommend you keep it in the package for sure.Articulation
 Sharps ribbons are very beautiful and come in a variety of colors - but the downside of this is that the material is so soft , that it 'll last for only a couple uses . I 've contacted the company concerning this after mine just came apart after only one week of having it . When I examined , it looked as though the hems of the ribbon was too thick and since the ribbon 's so soft , the heavier weighting part just separated - so there were shredds of thread everywhere . I must say Sharp 's wand is better than most as it 's made of fiberglass instead of wood so it 's more durable and it has a handy rubber grip.If you 'd like to get a ribbon , I would suggest viewing Cannon Sports ribbons - the only downfall you 'll find is that they only come in 14ft long and the only colors Cannon has is red and light blue .
 Watch the shipping from this seller , ehobbies . There are advertisments of no shipping charges , ordering dates and shipping are suspect and they accept no responsibility.I did not receive my order timely and my grandson missed the oportunity to have this gift Christmas morning . Great present for a six year old.I rated every catagory a one star due to the seller . Have not opened yet as was trying to return with a refund with no success . ehobbies has an answer for everything.Why not a catagory for rating your satisfaction with the seller .
 So I bought this set for my son expecting an electric train set he could enjoy , but wrong . This set is an exercise in frustration . Here 's why ... 1 -RRB- First the wheels on all cars except the locomotive easily fall off . Requiring constantly stopping and putting back on .2 -RRB- The locomotive 's wheels do not stay firmly on the track and easily `` derails '' when you run at mid speed or above.Combine 1 and 2 and you have a worthless train set . My question to Bachman is this
 I just wanted an electric to go around my chritmas tree , not a hobby . This train needs to be perfectly level on a clean track to function . Also its hard to put the train on the tracks .
 My daughter liked the fact she finally received a train ecspecially for her birthday , except it does n't stay on the track long enough to count to ten .
 My son , who is 4 , is extremely fond of trains . He recently received the Lionel Polar Express train set for Christmas and was totally overjoyed with it . Needless to say , he anxiously awaited the arrival of the Santa Fe train set , thinking that it would be just as wonderful . As we took the trains and tracks out of the box , the wheels , which are tiny , cheap and flimsy , fell off . Because they are so tiny , we almost could not find them because they had fallen out of the box and onto the floor . We set the tracks up and then attempted to set the trains on the tracks , which is extremely difficult to do . It 's almost impossible to get the tiny little wheels to sit properly on the tracks unless you lie on the floor and actually place your face practically on the floor at the level of the tracks . We finally got it going and found that the trains constantly detach from each other . The trains are also cheap and flimsy . After approximately 3 days or so during which we spent more time re-connecting the trains and re-setting them on the track , we finally took everything apart and put it back in the box . Needless to say , this product was a disappointment . Definitely not recommended for anyone who is an avid train lover .
 My 4-year-old son received this set as a gift and was ecstatic when he opened it , as he loves trains . So , in that sense it was worth the price.However , this set is not durable at all . I think one of the coupling hitches was broken right out of the box and several others followed suit in the next few days so that now , I think three out of the five cars that came with the set are unusable.Plus the wheels of the cars pop out easily . An adult can pop the wheels back in - providing your child has n't stepped on them already . Also , the slightest bit of jostling derails the train and it 's not easy for a young child to re-mount the trains on the tracks properly.Perhaps if my son was a few years older it would have been enjoyable for a longer period of time . As it was , he got about a day 's enjoyment out of it . If you have the money , go for a larger scale -LRB- O guage -RRB- train set - I seem to remember those were a lot more solid .
 This train set is cheaply built and not worth the money . The rail cars are extremely difficult to connect together and it is also very difficult to get the wheels to sit on the track properly . The engine and cars derail very easily . We have triplet boys so we bought 3 trains . Each train is as poorly built as the other , so it 's not like we got a dud . They are all manufactured equally bad . The only good thing that I can say is that it runs smoothly until it derails and the power supply seems to operate well . I still have a TYCO HO train set that I bought in 1977 and its quality is far superior to these new ones .
 This train is not very good . I bought it for my nephew . When you put the engine on the track , the cattlepusher touches the track . Do not waste your money .
 This product has alot of bugs . My daughters have to wait like 5 mins before going to the next scene . It also has other loading issues ... Did not really meet my epectations .
 I gave it to my daughter for her birthday and the game did not work at all . I compared it to her other V Flash games and there is a piece missing from the back . She was disappointed because she never had the oportunity to play the game .
 We bought this toy instead of the Little People barn which two of my friend 's children love because of the corn rowing aspect . However , as stated by other reviewers , this farm falls a part very easily , doesnt close and is very frusterating to small children . I do not recommend it .
 This toy is a piece of junk , and the John Deere company should be ashamed to have their name licensed to it . My son just received this as a gift for his birthday , and while he is having fun playing with it , I give it about two days before the barn is broken to the point that it 's not functional . First off , I had some minor trouble attaching the roof to the barn , as it was a little difficult to get all the slots and tabs lined up at the same time . Next I went to put the stickers on , and most of them go inside the barn . Some are in hard-to-reach places , so it 's tough to get them on straight . But my main gripe is in the way the barn opens and closes . There 's a latch on the side that you can hook , and that 's fine , but that 's leaves the top of the barn still open somewhat . If you close that section to where it clicks into place -LRB- tough to do -RRB- , it 's nearly impossible to get it open again . I had great difficulty , and in fact the directions say `` open the barn by adult . '' Well guess what ? Pretty soon my son , or more likely one of his older brothers , is going to figure out how to close it all the way , and then when he tries to open it he wo n't be able to . And at that point he will most likely end up pulling on it so hard that the -LRB- flimsy -RRB- plastic pieces snap and break , at which point the barn will no longer have a roof . This is extremely poor , and inexcusable , product desing . And as another reviewer said , the animals fall over too easily . Leave this product on the shelf and buy the Fisher Price barn . It 's been around for decades and does not have these design flaws .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I fell in love with the idea it is super cute and what a great idea to have a dairy and apple orchard . BUT it is such a piece of junk . The barn does not stay together whatsoever ! The animals do not stand up on their own unless you prop them up . The dairy and the apple orchard are too hard for my 3 year old to operate . He loves to play with the barn even though it is in pieces but it is just because he is in love with barns . I 'm in search of a barn for Christmas that will stay together !!!! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is my first review so bear with me . I was compelled to write it so that others would n't buy this toy.My younger son who is 2 received this for Christmas from his grandparents and it 's truly a piece of junk . Let me count the ways :1 -RRB- Made of flimsy plastic .2 -RRB- The barn does not close completely . Also , just a few moments ago I `` closed '' it and the grey roof fell off when I picked it up by the handle . All the parts came falling out .3 -RRB- The yellow cart does n't stay on the tractor . Always unhooking .4 -RRB- Hay loft falls off too easily . I 'm always re-attaching it .5 -RRB- The animals are not balanced . They fall over easily .6 -RRB- Fence comes apart easily .7 -RRB- When the barn `` closes '' the parts still fall out because of the windows and doorway . Ridiculous!I 'm am so disappointed in this toy . Do n't waste your money .
 We got this because we are dairy farmers and my husband is a very loyal John Deere customer . We were so upset with the quality of this toy ! The haymow , roof and doors would not stay on , the walls would n't even stay together . The platform where you put the animals would make other animal noises , my boys played with it for about 5 minutes before my 4 yr old said , `` Mommy , this is a piece of junk ! '' The only thing we liked about it was the corn they still play with that , but otherwise it was a waste of our hard earned money and a bad idea for John Deere to put their mane on this toy .
 This John Deere playset is so flimsy and frustrating to play with , nothing stays together , and I wished I never bought it ! ... Do not waste your money on this .
 I agree with the other reviews . This toy is junk !! I could n't even get it together without it falling apart in the process . The barn door just would not stay on . It is nearly impossible to slide it open and closed . When you put the animals on the area where they will make a sound , they have to be lined up JUST RIGHT or they make the sound of a different animal . DO NOT BUY THIS FARM SET ! Mine went back to the store .
 My grandfather owned a John Deere implement dealership in Iowa , so my blood runs green and gold ! I was soooo excited to buy this for my daughter , his namesake . It was purchased for her at birth and now she is turning 1 . I just opened it and was very disappointed to see that none of the decorative stickers were sticky at all . I had to use glue to stick them onto the barn . Also , like other reviewers have stated , the plastic is warped , making the barn difficult for me to open and the roof does n't line up well . This product is such poor quality ! This Big Red Barn is a Big Red disappointment . It is a disgrace to the John Deere name !
 This toy is a piece of crap to say it nicely . My 2.5 year old son is in love with John Deere and received this for Christmas . The farm animals done make sounds the way they are supposed to , the roof falls off constantly and the barn does not fully close . It has been sitting in a tote since Christmas time because every time my son tries to play with it he gets frustrated that it breaks and ends up in tears .
 I can also attest to the general crappiness of this toy . Parts are made of cheap plastic , which are difficult to assemble . Once assembled , parts easily fall off . The animals are n't weighted enough to remain standing , so they just fall over . To open the barn , you have to pretty much disassemble the roof , which a younger child would not be able to do , or would risk pinching his/her fingers . The only thing my son enjoyed playing with is the tractor , but even that falls apart easily . For some reason , the manufacturer decided to make the hood lift , but it pops off easily , and since there 's nothing to see under the hood , it 's pointless . The corn field is interesting , but the corn does n't stand up on its own ; it just flops over . You really ca n't store all of the parts inside the closed barn because there 's an open side . Seriously , do n't waste your money .
 My 20 month old son got this for xmas , and it leaves A LOT to be desired . The other reveiws are absolutely correct . The barn is ALWAYS falling apart , when closed all the pieces fall out , the animals tip over easily and when you put them on the pegs to make the animal noises , it often does n't work . You have to really wiggle it to get it to make the sound . And if the animal is put in sideways or backwards , it makes the wrong sound . My son like the tractor , and I think the corn part is neat . But that 's about the only pros to it . The plastic is really flimsy and the barn always looks like it was hit by a tornado for all the pieces that keep falling off of it . Within a week , my son had chewed the bottom of the farmer to the point where the round plastic disk on the bottom came out -LRB- a choking hazard -RRB- . I caught it before it fully dislodged and pulled it off . It might work well for older kids . All together though , not worth the money .
 This barn is nothing but a big headache . My son received this barn as a present . I wish I would have read the reviews about the barn before we opened it . Everything that I read is so true about this product . If we had a fireplace I would toss it in .
 I teach music to preschool age children and I have two of these xylopipes . Each one broke the very first day of use . The long yellow pieces of plastic covering the pipes came apart almost immediately . Now one of the red pipes has broken free . I have an extensive range of instruments that I use with my children and these were the only one 's I 've had problems with .
 For the price I would have thought it was more realistic and bigger . My 7 year old has hardly played with it , since receiving it a week ago .
 Naturally , the outside of the box containing the swing made no mention of the fact that this swing must be suspended from a swing set with bushings . So my purpose of suspending this swing from a horizontal tree limb was defeated . Returned it and sought another .
 I bought these swings to replace a set of swings that I had for over 5 years . They were comfortable enough . However , last week my daughter and her friends were swinging , granted they were a little older weighing about 100lbs and the chain broke in two while the swing was in motion . There was considerable rust under the plastic coating . The swings that I had prior to these did not have a plastic coating and the chains did not rust . I do not think the quality of the chains used in these swings compares to prior models . I also do not think that the pinch free plastic coating is a good design , as it traps water around the chain and causes rust . I did inform Little Tikes of this failure and they were very prompt to investigate . I wonder if there might be a recall ? Thankfully , the fall was not serious . The child was ok , but it could have been a disaster !
 TINY ! The seller should do more to make sure the buyers are aware of the tiny size . They are about 1/4 the size of a standard rubber ducky .
 I was suprised how small this duck was . Its soo small you can use it as a perfect cupcake topper .
 I bought these `` rubber duckies '' for the conventional use of floating them in the water - more accurately a swimming pool during a party . Well , they arrived MUCH smaller than I expected AND float on their sides appearing dead - in the water .
 the how description is misleading . there are a set of 3 drums shown . however you only get one of them when they arrive . and for the $ 20 we spent the 3 would almost be worth it but when we only recieved a 1/3 of what was expected , big time dissapointment . In the picture it looks like perhaps they are attached similar to what bongos would be . and no where in the description does it say item is different from picture you will recieve only one of these drums .
 Hello , my name is Alexandrea Marie Anna Bunitorisua and i am reviewing `` Ami '' . I think that this doll is very ugly and wrong . What are toys trying to teach children these days ?!? That it is fine to graduate schools ? Girls should stay home and help their mothers until they are four teen , and then they get married and have children at fifteen . These dolls are very bad for young girls because they make it seem like girls can particapate in sports , which they can not . That is my opinion and i hope you follow by it . its true !
 It sounds good , it looks good , but it will take a lot of practice to perfect . Set up can be somewhat fiddly . In all honesty you would be better off buying an Invisible Threat Reel .
 At first , when you look at the title and the picture , the magic trick sounds appealing . This trick disappointed me when I opened it up . It is horrible for it 's price . It comes with instructions , VERY bad `` invisible '' thread , and wax thats supposed to be breakable . Only buy this if you like this type -LRB- using a string to make things float -RRB- of magic trick .
 It comes only one and it breaks as sone as you touch it , imagine that ! The company very nice they refund me the money .
 I was very disappointed when my granddaughter opened this gift and the leg was broken off of the Stalter figure . I assumed there was no replacement for them and really could not track where it came from so we glued it back on . But the leg can not move like it was advertised to do . These action figures were more expensive than I would have paid but my granddaughter wanted these figures so bad . So we were quite disappointed . Thank you
 I may be stating the obvious but I ca n't help but notice that the two Puffy dolls of Ami and Yumi in this set do n't look very Japanese . In fact , to my British eyes they look cheesily American , with all the benefits of orthodontistry that go with that tag ! The girls are Japanese -LRB- obviously -RRB- and they sing mostly in Japanese - would it not be possible to have had dolls that reflected that at least in some small part ? Otherwise they might as well just be Bratz ! I would have bought them for my daughter if they 'd look the real deal . It 's pathetic really .
 I wanted this toy very much and I victimized my budget to buy it . Reviews were very good , but nobody said that slide on this toy actually does not slide ! And I took it only for this slide . My daughter looks disappointed even more than me . What can I say ? If that do n't matter to you the toy is good , but again not for this prise . Would not recommend it , unless somebody can tell me how to slide on this thing .
 This was misrepresented ... it is a Ducky `` Beanie '' not a `` plush '' stuffed animal ... I am very disapointed and will not purchase from this seller again .
 I have used similar product before and it was fun . However this one is not with the same quality , the dart can barely stay on the board if you throw it from two meters away . More than half of the time the dart will simply bounced back and fall to ground . Even it stays , it shifts a lot . You have no idea where the dart will actually stays at .
 The board is not durable . It has already many scraches on it when I got this . So I returned this immediately!Don ' t buy ! this is not worth over $ 20 .
 Purchased this dart board recently . Unpacked box to find that some darts were bent -LRB- manufacturing defect . -RRB- Then proceeded to mount it on the wall -LRB- they did not include mounting supplies -RRB- . First dart to hit board caused board to fall to ground and the lower mounting point completely broke off . I would n't waste my time with this toy . I am looking for a better , more durable dart board for kids now .
 The reason this thing sticks so much better than the other felt dart games is because of the hard surface . Because of this , this thing is LOUDDDDDDDDD !!! I bought this for my office and ca n't use it at all.I bought a cheaper $ -LSB- ... -RSB- felt dart board and use these magnets on that surface instead . I recommend that approach in an office environment . Also , the cheap felt dart board has a darts game side and a playing cards -LRB- for poker , blackjack , etc -RRB- game side - so there are more possibilities there .
 I have 3 young boys who love Melissa & Doug 's wooden playsets and I have always been impressed with the quality of these products . We also do a * lot * of watercolor painting and so it seemed only natural to purchase these M&D ; 's paints when they became available.The case * is * nice and sturdy . That is truly the only positive thing I can say about these paints.The colors are quite paradoxically pale AND fluorescent . They are utterly lacking in the richness and vibrancy that watercolors need to have to produce satisfying results.The quality of the brush included with this set is equally atrocious . The bristles -LRB- embedded in the plastic handle , joint covered with a token silver plastic ferrule -RRB- consist of jagged , poorly trimmed toothbrush-type plastic and will not even bend to allow proper contact with the paper . They are easily hard/sharp enough to accidentally tear through wet watercolor paper.Additionally , the quantity of paint in each cup is miniscule . I 'd say 2-3 mm . of paint . One -LRB- very careful -RRB- child 's painting session is enough to expose the plastic at the bottom of the cup ... We hit the blue 's bottom before completing one sky ... Honestly , I was relieved we would n't have to waste any more paper on these paints . All 3 sets we purchased were relegated on day one to my 2 year-old to mix with water and watch it turn brown.For dry-cup type watercolors , we have always been VERY happy with Colorifics paints . The colors are rich and vibrant , they last on average 10-12 paintings per set - And the brush included is an extremely SOFT , fully tapered natural bristle brush with a metal ferrule . One that you 'll be happy to keep around long after the paints are gone . They are cheaper than M&D ; 's too . . Really , I 'd love to prevent any disappointment I can by recommending folks seek out better paints for your little ones -- They deserve better .
 1 . The paints do not mix as true colors ; no color learning for your child . Red and blue make mud ; yellow and blue make mud ; yellow and red make mud . This is because all the colors are diluted with white and other pigments and do not mix true . A cheap alternative to real paints .2 . The pans of paint are very shallow and get used up in the first use . Another super cheap trick . Your kids will get maybe 3 paintings out of this set .3 . Made in China ; says non-toxic but what does that really mean in China these days ? 4 . Overpriced at any price .5 . Huge waste of plastic and our international shipping lanes .6 . I expect more from Melissa and Doug . Cheapens their product line .
 They look cool , the color wells are large and the color is fine . But they 're not hard watercolors , they 're more gel-like . They lasted two sessions with my two year olds . If you hover while your kids paint they might work for you . If , like me , you let your kids go crazy , they do n't last long enough to be any kind of value , even at the extremely reduced price I paid . Go with the Crayola ones .
 Not enouch paint . My daugther blew thru this in one sitting . The set said Jumbo , but very little actual paint.Disappointing from M
 I wish I had read the previous review on this product first . The paints colors are light hues at best . Yes , the case in which the paints come in is very sturdy . There is barely enough paint here for 1 paint session . My baby girl loves to paint so this product is not really worth the money.We also tried : Melissa & Doug Finger Paint Set 4pcDon ' t bother with this one either .
 The colors are so bad , it 's unbelievable . The petty case is the only nice thing about them.They are used up in one session , are watery and hard to use.I wonder why Melissa and Doug has n't come up with a different recipe to make their colors richer yet!Maybe they have n't heard that there are watercolors out there that actually work!I 'm so disappointed ... do n't waste your money on this product.I grew up in Germany and am used to watercolors from Pelikan -LRB- they can be found at amazon -RRB- . Those are by far the best colors I 've ever used . They last long and are super rich . I used them even in art class all the way up to my teen years . Super great product ! A bit more expensive I think $ 12 . - for a set of 12 colors -RRB- but it comes with a tube of white , so you can mix pastels yourself which teaches about colors and shades etc. . I highly recommend it !
 These colors are entirely washed out and blah . My 4 year old could barely see the paint strokes he had put on the paper . Even I could not mix up the paint enough for any colors to stand out . Was very disappinted as I liked the presentation and variety of colors in this palette . Stick with the Crayloa brand and their vibrant colors ; we threw this out after one use .
 Paint is fine , not super vibrant , but fun colors ... my daughter was excited . However , after a few pictures most colors were used up . . I 've never seen paint disappear so fast . We had a German brand water color set that lasted more than a year . . this lasted a few days . Disappointing .
 These were the worsy water colors we have ever used . They got goopy and runny after one use . Do not buy these .
 Although these were a BIG hit with my three-year-old , the paints lasted about 10 paintings , or three painting sessions . It was so disappointing for my little guy , as well as for me . I always think of Melissa and Doug as selling high-quality stuff , but these paints are an exception for sure . I 've heard that Crayola makes better paints so I plan to try those . Soon !
 Unlike other reviewers , I thought the colors were reasonable - but there is so little of them that it 's hard to tell . We ran out of yellow on the first piece of paper . Three -LRB- large -RRB- sheets of paper later there 's nothing left . You might expect that kind of quality/quantity if you bought paints at the dollar store , but several dollar Melissa and Doug ? The case might be nice , but who cares if you only get to use it twice ? Brushes pretty standard poor quality kids ones . Learn from our mistakes , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I have nothing good to say about this product . Like some other reviewers noted , the colors are very pale . The most disappointing thing , however , is the fact that the case contains hardly any paint at all . My 2 year old spent 15 minutes `` painting '' , and managed to finish several of the colors in that short amount of time . What a complete waste of money .
 The paint is relatively soft and does n't take much water to get them ready to use . Unfortunately , my daughter went through almost the whole tray of colors in one sitting . Other watercolors I have purchased lasted a long time through many uses . I would not purchase again .
 Typically I 'm a huge fan of Melissa and Doug products . However , this one disappoints . The amount of paint in this product is not at all Jumbo . I have bought other brand jumbo sets that have lasted for months . This one literally last two days . The paints are extremely shallow and are used up quickly . Very disappointing and not at all in line with the high standards usually found in Melissa and Doug products .
 I love Doug and Melissa toys but the paints really are n't as good as the Crayola watercolors I bought at Target . The colors are not as saturated , and my daughter really did n't enjoy painting with them . No amount of water or pressure or amount of paint on the brush changed the fact that the colors are just really weak . I hope we 'll use them up someday , but I went out and bought Crayola watercolors again .
 We LOVE Melissa and Doug , but these paints were terrible . The first day we used them , they were great -- vibrant , pretty colors . After that , they turned into a thick , gummy mess . I 've never had watercolors do this before -LRB- and we go through a LOT of them at my house -RRB- . We had to throw them away because my son could n't paint with the thick mess . These were terrible !
 We have alot of these in nylon as we use them every year for about six weeks during boy 's day celebaration . Nylon flys higher and dries faster . They last for several years as we take them down and put them away until the next year . They do fade after time , especially in the extreme sun , but we have learned to put them in a shadier area with lots of wind to help keep them bright for as long as possible . We end up replacing some every year , but doing it like this it is on a rotation so we never have to replace more than a few every year .
 This is not the windsock to leave outside for more than a few weeks.Its profile and flight in the wind is not like a larger windsock - more like a piece of cloth .
 Nyon windsocks from the House of Rice are cheaply made of the thinnest nyon . Poorly sewn and definitely not worth the price plus shipping . Forget it!Fish Windsocks , set of 5 Koinobori #G 633
 BUY COTTON FROM HOUSE OF RICE BECAUSE THE NYLON COLORS FADE TOO FAST.I HAVE 4 39 INCH COTTON WINDSOCKS ON MY 20 FOOT FLAGPOLE I HAVE HAD SINCE BEFORE CHILDRENS DAY , AND THE ONLY THING WRONG IS THE PLASTIC RING & MATERIAL AROUND THE RING ARE WEARING OUT . I ALSO HAVE A SECOND SMALLER POLE WITH THE 12 INCH KOI WINDSOCKS I FLY FOR MY NEIGHBORS CHILDREN . I WOULD RECOMEND THE COTTON WINDSOCKS TO EVERYONE AS I LIVE 8 BLOCKS FROM MONTEREY BAY CA . I THINK CHILDRENS DAY WINDSOCKS SHOULD BE FLOWN EVERYDAY WITH THE EXCEPTION OF CHRISTMAS , WICH IS ANOTHER CHILDS DAY . E L SMITH
 I bought a little tykes bounce house for my two kids . They loved it , and it was really fun.But the thing started falling apart very quickly . The rubber coating that keeps the air came off , so air would leak out very quickly . I bought it for them for Christmas , and three months after Christmas , it could n't even hold three small children.The warranty is only 90 days . When I called about returning it , they said I was two weeks too late . -LRB- It 's probably such a short warranty because they know that it wo n't last 6 months . -RRB- It 's a great toy if you 're rich and you can afford to spend money like this for something that wo n't last long . But if you are n't so rich , then you wo n't be as happy .
 first of all , this blade sucks , dont buy it.if you like offense go for it.if not , then everything else is dead.and kid who made the first post.shut your mouth because your obviously a n00b who does not know what he/she is talking about.the originator of beyblade is TAKARA you idiot!and TT HONGLI is a chinese company that distributes FAKE beyblades.and we dont need some brat posting up information about websites that sell fake beyblades.then when all of the nieve children spend there money , there blades will break and they will cry.and who falt is that?yours you con . -LRB- ... -RRB- otc member-PHEONIX R.
 I know my 22-month-old would love this , if we could ever put it together . The holes are too small to let the plastic snap through and we 've had numerous strong adults struggle with it to no avail . What a disappointment . It 's been disassembled in our backyard for more than a month and I think we may be done with it . Try something else , we will be .
 Bought this toy and had a terrible time putting it together . THe manufacturer 's instructions are a laugh , you need superman to assemble this one . My advice would be to stay away from this one
 On Dec. 7 I ordered a Franklin Dallas Cowboys youth uniform ... plenty of time for Christmas . They never gave notification that the item was out of stock until Dec. 20 . I had no time to purchase a new one for Christmas . The one item that my 6 year old wanted never came .
 I do n't get it . These crayons are terrible . You have to press SO hard to see anything . The pink is practically white , even when I am pressing with all of my grown-up muscles . My little guy is constantly frustrated by them and gives up coloring all together . He prefers opening and closing the box . They do n't break , so I guess that 's a plus , but what 's the point if they never get used ? Also , I do n't think the triangular shape is all that comfortable to hold . These crayons suck . I wish I 'd never bought them . This is the only product I have ever hated enough to bother writing a review for .
 My toddlers loved these crayons when I got them as party favors . So did the other kids . I loved them too - durable , nice colors . Until I found one of my kids had drawn on a wall and the `` crayons '' would not wash off!I tried soap and water which did nothing . Clorox wipes did n't work either . Goo Gone turned the scribblings into a huge dark smudge that melded into the wall 's paint . Only Magic Eraser has cleaned some of it off , with a lot of elbow grease . I 've had to do it gently though as it really stains and the wall color is starting to come off . My only remaining solution is to paint the wall.Alas , my choice of party favors carried this misery to other parents too . One quietly mentioned the crayons did not wash off , as she quickly hid them on a playdate . Honestly , I threw ours out . If you have them , use them under strict supervision - they might be impossible to remove from delicate surfaces like wood.So , kuddos for Melissa and Doug for inventing a prastic `` crayon '' that kids can not break easily and that the LOVE to draw with . But please , have a warning of some sort for parents that it is not washable and is permanent , like Sharpie pens do !
 While these are sturdier than the crayola variety , if you have a toddler who likes to color on AND off the paper , these do not wipe up with a washcloth like crayolas do . Wish I had known before purchasing , now we only get these out occasionally .
 I was diappointted in the size and the durabilty of this item . It is more of a colletors item , then a `` toy ''
 Cheap and falling apart easily when my seven year old son try playing and tranforming it . Cheap !!!
 I bought these for a trip to Thomas the Train and they were super flimsy and the top would n't even stay up . I would not buy them again !
 I ordered this hat after looking all over for one that would match my son 's striped overalls . When putting the picture of the hat next to a picture of the overalls they appeared to be an exact match . I happily ordered it as soon as I saw it . Unfortunately , the picture on the website is not accurate . The hat is actually much , much lighter . I 'm definitely dissapointed .
 The worst part of this hat is the quality . The material is thin and cheap . The bill feels like it is made out of cardboard . The hat does NOT stand up , like in the picture . When you put it on , it collapses and looks like a bundle of cheap fabric on your head . Last point - this is in no way a children 's hat . It is too big on adults .
 I ordered this children 's engineer 's hat for my young grandson who is very much into trains at the moment . My husband often wears an engineer 's hat , and I thought it would be a great idea to get one for Boone , age 2 1/2 . Much to my disappointment , upon opening the package , I saw that it was simply a nylon type fabric cap with `` train/engineer '' type stripes.I am very disappointed . If I saw this item in a retail store , I would not buy it , and feel the photo accompanying the description here online , was desceptive . I ended up giving the hat to my grandson only because it did n't cost alot and was too much trouble to send back .
 These may be the worst quality figures that Neca has ever produced . After purchasing the Neca Ninja Turtle figures and being thoroughly impressed with the quality , sculpt , etc. . I thought I would give these a try ... Terrible mistake . Not only are the Neca Resevoir Dogs as fragile as they come , they are terribly designed as well . I could not get them to stand up properly even on their stands . The sculpting is okay , but the paint on these was sloppy at best . These are definitely not worth the price , I would not recommend these to anyone except die-hard Tarantino fans who are willing to spend the time to make these things work.Awful ...
 Alarm goes off constantly , day and night , even when the pieces are not placed inside , waking up the kids , avoid !
 This product was horrible . It is like they just put water and sprinkles into a bottle and called it glitter !! I am very disapointed .
 I purchased this toy for my son 's six birthday , when it arrived , I loved the simplicity of it 's set up . The tracks just snapped together with no problem . However , once I tried to connect the powerpack , the metal connectors came off . I could not connect the train to the power and had to return to sender . I would not recommend this product .
 This product got great reviews so I bought it for my granddaughters for Christmas . The optical quality is nil . You might as well put a bug under any piece of plastic . I dont recommend this product . Too bad . The design and idea is great but due to poor optical quality , it does n't do a thing .
 This is a great idea , but the magnifier does n't work well enough to hold the attention of my seven year old nephew . The images are fuzzy and only a little clear when dead center field . I was hopeful , but disappointed . We took it to a family reunion and just left it at the beach house when we went home because it just was n't any good .
 I thought this would be a fun washcloth for my son and I to use together while he bathes . Unfortunately , they quality is not that great .
 i have two of these things cause they were really cheap from somewhere , and no , one of the colors is not better than the other because they both blow . i have many air hogs and am sad to say , thisn 's the worst . i admire spin master in their attempts at creating an RC plane that any kid can fly in their yard , but I draw the line when it comes to the defender -LRB- the wingspan is seriously maybe 10 inches -RRB- this tinyness really actually kills the toy straight from the getgo . it 's smallness means thatit must have both a small battery and really samll motors . in short , it has no power to pull it through the air , weighs too much for the size , and Bricks may just be more fun to fly . There is however one positive . It teachs you about gravity and its devastating effect on this poor little foam plane . and now i notice that the skywinder is only $ 30 !! now there is a much better plane for your money . Now assuming that anyone will actually read this among the 50 or so reviews for the not quite flying brick , read my review on the Skywinder , it is actually flyable !!
 I got this for my little brother . After he got over the fact that it was made of styrofoam , he realized that it does n't fly even after following the instructions . I even tried when I thought maybe he was n't doing it right . No luck . It veers to the left and keeps crashing . When it crashes some part of it always breaks off . He had more fun with a foam glider we got at the dollar store . Do n't buy this . Find something else to spend all that money on . I 'm trying to get him his money back !
 This toy is a peice of junk . it will fly down but it doesnt go up . when it turns it falls from the air like a rock .
 My daughter got this for her birthday , how excited she was . When it was time it use it , it was a huge disappointment . It was differcult for the plane to take off and when it did , it did n't last long.Like the other reviews some have had a success , some hav n't . Just do n't waste your time buying this one . You are better off spending a few more bucks on a better quality airplane .
 We just got back from our first day out with the plane.Plane tail broke after 15 minutes . This is our second AirHogs product that broke the first day .
 I bought this for my son on his birthday and we took it out to use it and it would n't fly . We tried holding it and letting it take off , throwing it up , putting it on the ground . Nothing worked . I am bringing it back today . There is something to be said for cheap planes . I hate to spend -LRB- ... -RRB- for a good one , but at least it will fly !!!
 this plane does n't work !! i flew it the first time and it worked fine . the next day i flew it again and it stayed up in the air for maybe 10 seconds . the battery was already dying !! do n't get this plane unless you want to return it . its a little too expensive for its performance . i would not reccommend buying it
 It did not worked , it does not fly only it does is nose diving properly within a sec . It is not durable at all . Do not buy , waste of money . I am taking it back to get money back .
 When I got this so called `` toy '' I was expecting it to actually have some power . Instead it wouldnt even charge until my dad took it apart and found there was a loose wire . The controls are soggy even in a standstill mode when I got it charged . This plane just dived and crashed less than a second from when I got it into the air . DO NOT , I REPEAT DO NOT GET THIS DISGRACE OF A PLANE . It is a total waste of your money . This is a rotten-to - the-core toy .
 I have repeatedly taken my children out to fly the defender with no sucess . It just goes straight to the ground . My husband can get the plane to fly . I was quite upset because I do know how to fly RC planes . Then , I discovered the controls take a few seconds to get in gear . You need a drop greater of 4-5 feet to have the plane fly and have the controls to take over . Well , I 'm only able to get it about 5 1/2 feet off the ground . My husband is 6ft and is able to get at least another foot so , the controls have enough time to take over before it hits the ground . With me it nosedives . So , if you are tall its okay . However , us short people definitely have a annoying time with the plane .
 I bought this plane and it did not work at all.We got our money back .
 I bought it with my birthday money . And found out it was a waste of money . My dad threw it in the air and it hovers for 2 seconds and it comes crashing down . Do n't buy it . It 's a waste of time and money . I 'd rather do homework .
 The nose and wings broke off on first flight . -LRB- By flight I mean nosediving 3 seconds after launch -RRB- Made of cheap styrofoam .
 I bought this for my son and , after 45 minutes , both he and his father finally gave up trying to get it off the ground . It flew in a straight line for approximately 15 feet before falling to the ground like a brick ! It was a fairly calm day so that may have contributed to the problem , but kids wo n't check the weather before bringing out a toy to play ! I brought it back the next day .
 My son got this plane for his birthday . He was so excited and bugged me to let him fly it . So I put the batteries in and charged the plane only to find out that the plane would not fly . No matter what I did the plane would not go up . After reading the other reviews of this plane I have decided not to bother with it anymore and am taking it back .
 YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED . MY WIFE WAS SHOCKED WHEN SHE OPENED THE BOX TO FIND A FOAM AIRPLANE . SHE WAS DISAPPOINTED WHEN IT WOULD N'T WORK FOR OUR NEPHEW . PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY
 This plane is difficult to get to start going and then once it goes for a very SHORT distances then crashes . The directions tell you about how to land , NOT ... this thing does not have the battery power to land , you are lucky to get to fly for a couple of seconds ... NOT WORTH THE MONEY !!!
 it stinks the atena breaks eaisly , it is hard to get it flying , the paint fleck very easily , and it does n't look like the boxes picture . If you ask me i would say to save your money and buy a better one .
 This was the worst toy i ever got !!!!!! it broke on the first try , did a nose dive into the groundsYes i did charge it 2 times but it sucks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! never get this toy ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Does your kid beg for the Tyco Air Hogs Red Defender ? Well let me just tell you this SAVE your reciept because you are going to need it with in one hour ! I can not even believe that they can pass off this product to the public let alone unsuspecting children who think that this is going to be a great toy . My 11 year old begged for this toy ! He took it out of th box and the tale cracked completely off on one side ? I think that this is such a flimsy toy , how can it fly high in the air and come back to the ground with out falling appart when just removeing it from the box is enough for it to break ? SAVE YOUR MONEY ! I think Tyco just flat out STINKS ! $ 30.00 is an out rage for the price of this product . It also poses chocking hazzards if a todler should bite on it and injest the styraphome .
 The Defender simply sucks . While it may be true that `` after lots of practice '' and `` with some patience '' you can learn to fly this plane , my question is WHY BOTHER ? Just spend the extra $ 10 and buy the Aero Ace instead!The real problem with the Defender is the cheap controller . It only has one stick for controlling throttle and turning . The Aero Ace has two sticks , thus making it controllable .
 I bought this for my son as it seemed like a reasonable buy at Toys R Us . But every penny spent on this was wasted.The first problem you will encounter is recharging the plane itself . We were able to charge it one time , and after that no more . To charge it , you have to hold the plane firmly against a charging point on the remote while holding a button on the remote depressed.When we attempted to fly it the first time , the wing broke . While the box states that the plane is made of `` High-density ESP Foam , '' it is very flimsy , and just putting it back in the box caused another part of the plane to crack.Don ' t make our mistake . Save your money .
 I purchased this airplane , as I had always wanted one since childhood . In my mind I was sure I would have hours of enjoyment and playtime with my son . What I sadly discovered was that after approximately 20 minutes of trying to get the plane to fly and not nosedive directly into the ground -LRB- Yes I did charge it twice prior to the 1st flight -RRB- the plane was not durable and fractured at the tail . Now I did not think I was buying the world 's best plane for 30.00 bucks , however I expected more then 20 minutes of failed flying . The educational value for this one was outstanding as I was able to reinforce with my son the age old lesson of you get what you pay for avoid paying for this one and look to a higher grade plane .
 This stuff is way too messy . If my seven year old touches the paper the black ink ? gets on his hands , then to the table , clothes , etc. . The stencil it comes with is junk , thin cardboard that ripped the first time he drew with it . Not worth the money !
 Our admittedly messy 14yo autistic boy was very excited to buy this . I did n't see any firmly worded warnings on the package . However , in 5 minutes in the back of the car he had managed to stain his coat , shirt , teeth , seat belt etc. . We scrubbed and scrubbed his hands with a brush and dish soap , and they 're still green . Yay.THIS STUFF MAKES A HUGE HUGE STAIN MESS.It is not suitable for children .
 This product looks like great fun , and after having seen how much fun the Crayola `` Color Wonder '' product was , you 'd think Color Explosion would be too . It 's a mess . The stencils are flimsy thin `` cardboard '' that 's more like paper . The black coating comes off all over hands , clothes , furniture . Even if your kids are careful , non-messy -LRB- hahahahahaaa ! yeah , right -RRB- , one touch and their hands will have stains that do n't wash off . At least regular crayola markers typically wash off hands decently well . This black goo does not . I would never buy this product again .
 I teach a science class in after-school program at a local elementary school , through a neighborhood non-profit . They got a box of samples of Crayola 's `` new and exciting '' products/toys and handed them out to us in case we would find any off the stuff useful for our classes . I was planning to do something on how diffusion and dissolution work , and this seemed liked a good thing to start with . I almost went out and bought a couple packs - the sample only had two small 2x5 '' pieces and I have a class of 10 kids - but thought better of it and tried it out first . As far as I can tell , it 's just a colorful piece of tagboard covered with some water-soluble black coating . The `` magic pen 's '' ink seems to be composed solely of water . I figured it 'd be some other solvent , something that would provide quick , dramatic results . Instead , it 's very messy and hard to get the results you want.I tried it out with my wife and the neighbor kids , an they just got sick of waiting . Because it 's water , it takes a fair amount of time to evaporate and dry , so writing/drawing something even remotely like you want is a chore , especially because it involves doing the drawing , waiting 5 minutes , being disappointed at how much of the black surface went away , and then drawing over your faint -LRB- if any -RRB- original lines . I often was n't able to do a good job of it , and making anything with even semi-sharp edges is impossible.Because it takes so long to dry/dissolve , it 's really easy to mess up your work with a brush of the finger . Then , you have a mess and your drawing is wrecked . If you get any water on the board , that also manages to be another messy way to ruin your drawing.Another incredibly annoying thing is that you ca n't really see what you 're drawing as you do it , unless you contrive to be at some angle where you can catch some glare off of the water you 're waiting to evaporate . At home , I was holding the card at a 45 degree angle in an attempt to write a simple message on the card , and even then still goofing up.I 'm seriously debating doing a video review of this just to show everyone how crappy it is.The Bottom Line
 I bought this color explosion after my kids had a great time using it at a neighbor 's house . We were instantly disappointed when we tried it out . It left a cloudy streak without revealing the beautiful colors like it should . I called Crayola and they said the shelf life of the paper had expired . Luckily they are a fantastic company that stand behind their product , and they are sending me 2 coupons for new paper . I hate to give this great product a bad review , but this one in particularly was awful .
 This company , Yamper Fun , seems to be new and does n't understand honest advertising . I was excited to see this product selling for a discounted price . Then I received an email from the company saying they canceled my order . I needed this product for a birthday party next week and now I wo n't have it in time . I would n't recommend using this company to anyone . They wo n't follow through on what they advertise .
 This film presents a conspiracy theory about the role of psychiatry in modern society . Educated viewers will notice the multiple historical inaccuracies and the many questionable sources . While there is a kernel of truth in most paranoid belief systems -LRB- e.g. , there is little doubt that psychiatry is heavily inluenced by the pharmaceutical industry and that the DSM has proliferated the number of psychiatric diagnoses to the point of incredulity -RRB- , it 's hard to believe that modern psychiatry is responsible for the Nazi holocaust , the 9-11 World Trade Center disater and the Madrid train bombings , as this film would have us believe . This DVD is aimed at rabid haters of psychiatry , but the average intelligent middle American will see it for what it is
 Psychiatry is far from perfect , and I was hoping for an intelligent examination of the problems , but this is n't it . It 's a witch hunt , pure and simple.The `` documentary '' is guilty of the very things it accuses psychiatry of - bad science , no evidence , etc. . The whole documentary is done in an incredibly emotional way . There 's not even a resemblance of partiality - I mean look at the name . These people have an agenda to push , and they will do whatever they can to push it , including dark images , crying mothers , selective editing , and whatever else it takes .
 A typically hysterical , ill-researched and paranoid treatment of psychiatry , which is the kind of stuff one comes to expect from Scientology -LRB- which CCHR is aligned with -RRB- . When this video is not stating flat-out lies , it 's a tour de force of inaccuracies , acceptable truths , revisionism , and poorly presented propaganda . In short , it 's a wretched work of unrivalled rubbish .
 Physciatry is real . There is science involved and it is not a fake science . I know it is real , you should no too .
 I saw those dolls and EWWWWWW !!!!! They make it look like their wearing punk outftis , and if you think they did n't copy Bratz , then you have a problem , and also , they have tatoos on and belly button rings . they have 2 tatoos on their belly , and one by their shoulder , and one on their foot , not to mention they look like their wearing bras . And Brazt are n't slutty , since they dont ' have many belly , they dont ' look slutty in belly shirts , but My Scene dolls have tons of belly , and when they wear tiny shirts , they looks like slutty ho 's for sure . Also , they are wearing too muich makee-up , it looked like a make-up factory exploded on their face , you see , the Bratz normally wear light color make-up , so it does n't look like their wearing much . Anyways , those doll say bad girls all over it . Also , if you think Bratz have big lips , look at the My Scene dolls NOW . their lips are huge now , especially Nolee 's . Andb cine their heads are too smalle , it looks like their lips are swolen , but since bratz habe always had big lips and have always looked good , they copied them . Oh , and how is it a coincedence that right after the Bratz have a movie about them being singers , Barbie is one . MATELL , YOUR A COPY CATER AND YOU STINK , MGAE IS BETTER AND YOUR JJUTS JEALOUS , AND YOU MY SCENE FANS ARE TOO !!!!!!!
 ALL U BRATZ HATERS THINK BRATZ R THE ONLY THAT WEAR STULS N HOES CLOTHES WELL THINK AGAIN LOOK THEIR WERE EVEN SLUTER CLOTHES THEN THE BRATZ SO STOP HATING ABOUT BRATZ R STULZ SO STOP FIGHT N SAY BOTH R SLUTZ I MEAN COME ON NOW !!! STOP BI ** HING OK
 dolls ar n't supossed to be role models ! dont treat this doll as a role model ! if you did and you dressed like this ... ugh . . id puke aloud man !!!!!! me best friend followed thee terrible wit of doll ... . and became aflicted and bad , and she was murdered !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i shant rest unless i find a way to put doll badness at its end!a shame for Barbie!JANNA !!!!!!!
 GO AHEAD LiSA !!!! JIon THE SisSy MY SCENE GANG ! MY SCENE ARE STUPID AND THEY WEAR BAD ClOTHES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SO GO AHEAD LISA BE B.F.FS WITH THOSE mY SCEN OBSESSED WEIRDOS/FREAkS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You guys will be perfect for each other !!!!! You are all gay , stupid and like to wear retarted clothes !!!!!!!!!!!! - zoe !
 This looks like Working Girl Barbie . I can not imagine that anyone would actually buy this doll for their child ; it is completely inappropriate . I have bought my girls My Scene dolls in the past -LRB- though I sometimes end out throwing away the really skimpy clothes , -RRB- but this makes me want to boycott My Scene .
 First of all , I DO N'T thnk I 'm `` very popular '' and I know everyone hates me . The only people who like me are the people who freakin hate My Scene . and NO ! I 'm neva eva gon na go away . And you ca n't make me !!!! - zoe
 I am all for Barbie , but I have to say , this is the sluttiest doll I 've ever seen . I have never been a big fan of Bratz dolls , but I have yet to see a Bratz doll that looks this bad . I think it 's sad that Mattel feels they have to make this kind of doll to compete with the sales of other trashy looking dolls . The other My Scene Barbies are cute and cool . This doll is just obscene .
 A `` my scene '' emo Ken with stringy black hair , at an angle , covering 3/4 of his face ? Wearing a tight tweed sweater and acid-washed ripped jeans with doodles from his past boyfriends AND hot girls ? How about the mini razor blade accessory , with cuts on his wrist going across the highway , of course .
 Ok , I do n't have this doll , I wo n't buy this doll ... If I ever have a little girl she will never have anything like this . I saw some girls saying how the doll was appropriate for 10-13 and I almost fell out of my chair ! This doll is - IN-appropriate for someone under 21 ! The short skirts the short tops . How the heck can Mattel think that this was a good idea ? I 'm 23 years old and I would NEVER dress like that NOR would I allow my CHILD to dress like that . Bottom line
 I think they should rename the doll . Instead of ` My Bling Bling ' Barbie , why not ` My Little Hooker ' ? It 's disturbing to think a toy manufacturer would market these dolls to girls as young as 6 years old , but what disgusts me more are the parents who would buy them .
 Ok folks !!! What has Mattel done ? Besides try to teach our children that it 's ok to look like a hooker !! The only thing that this Barbie is missing is Ken so he can be her pimp ! Shame on you guys ! As of right now my child or I will not be strolling down the Barbie Isle . Come on Mattel STOP AND THINK WHAT HAS BROUGHT YOU THIS FAR THIS LONG !!!!!!!!!!!
 This is a horrible example to set for young girls . Women all over are working hard to raise girls that respect their bodies , expand their minds , and turn their backs on stereotyping females as objects of beauty with no other intrinsic value . Any parent who would encourage the opposite by purchasing this doll is doing a disservice to women everywhere . This is disgraceful .
 I like Myscenes and all , but this is just discusting !
 i think this doll is disgusting !!!!! her skirt is not even a skirt . its a piece of cloth with a belt around it . the shirt is like a shirt for 25 yr olds and this doll is supposedly 16 . yea they are just dolls but your not thinking of how little girls think of it . a lot of little girls have barbie and other dolls as role models . and if they see a myscene wearing this then they 'll think it 's ok to wear this when they come of that age . most of you who think she is n't a bad role model probably do n't have kids to begin with .
 If you want more glitter on the dolls lips , go to your nearest craft store , get a pound of silver glitter , and dump the whole thing on her lips . Now you 're blingin !!! O_O Not . But hey , if you really like that much glitter , it 's fine with me .
 To those of you who think the Bling Bling Barbie does ` nt look like a slut , if you saw a real live woman walking the streets of your town in this outfit , would n't you think she was dressed pretty slutty ? Her shirt is just basically a scarf that barely covers her breasts . I wonder if when she bends over we will see a thong under her skirt ! This doll is WAAAAAY to sexy for impressionable young girls to be playing with , but I guess I 'm just a middle aged mom from the midwest , so what would I know !
 I have a younger sister and I find this doll to be very inappropriately dressed . I do n't feel that this doll is sending the right message to the young girls of today . This is making them focus more on their body and showing more of it . This is not something I want my little sister feeling as if she has to act like or use as a role model . Plus , this puts more of a focus on money and monetary items you have than morals and hard work . Personally I feel this is a shame to Mattel .
 I honestly hate this doll . Not to be rude I do n't like it . When I saw it in stores , it was more ugly . Not to be offensive but I do n't like it . I would rather go with a different collection like My Scene Goes Hollywood .
 this doll is so unxeceptable . Barbie 's skirt just barely covers her bottom , her boot and socks go up higher then her knees . Her top barely covers and she has her bellt botten showing ! She might as well have a belly botton ring to match her clothes ! This doll is definatly not a good influence , uless you want your kid to gro up like this ! who ever would make this doll for kids is serisly messed up in the head . ilke the nothing about this doll ! thanls alot mattel
 This doll is so ugly and disgusting . Who would buy this piece of crap . She looks like a stripper . I have my soures , and this line stole the name of a future Bratz line . The Bratz Princess original name was Bling Bling , until My Scene stole it . Bratz are way better anyway . My Scene must got some major plastic surgery . My Scene has ugly non-matching outfits , big buts , and wierd lips . My Scene Sucks .
 I used to love only my scenes . That has changed with Mattel 's inability to release any really good lines and these ... prostitutes . I love the new faces , and I must admit the belly button piercings are cool , but the clothes , oh my god the clothes . Watch this item get recalled because of pissed off mothers claiming Mattel is trying to make their daughters sluts . That skirt ends and it does n't even cover the whole of her butt ! Her shirt looks like two pieces of cloth tied around her breasts in a poor attempt to cover them . The other dress -LRB- or that 's what I hope it is -RRB- looks like one of those bathing suits 5-year-olds wear that consists of a one pice with a little skirt attached to it . This is horrible . Absolutely disgusting . They needed to be more daring , but not like this . And the rabid -LRB- now hypocrite -RRB- fans said the bratz were sluts .
 Was mattel thinking they were making dolls for smurfs ? . I 'm starting a club called '' Not for LARCENY For the SLUTS '' I 'm doing it for the power and the freedom of my scene dolls and to stop all of the wars . Who wants to help and join?rulesone , you MUST be a my scene or barbie fan to joinNeedies1 your name first name or nickname2 age you do n't have to3 you must not use bad wordsWho 's with me?Amy Rose
 I would much rather give my girl a box of sticks to play with than this ugly thing . Way to go , Mattel !
 Hello , my name is Alexandrea Marie Anna Bunitorisua and i am reviewing Bling-Bling Barbie . I think that this doll is very ugly and wrong . What are toys trying to teach children these days ?!? That it is fine to graduate schools ? Girls should stay home and help their mothers until they are four teen , and then they get married and have children at fifteen . These dolls are very bad for young girls because they make it seem like girls can particapate in sports , which they can not . That is my opinion and i hope you follow by it . its true .
 I LOVE my scene , but this doll is VERY strange . I dont have it . WHO WOULD BUY IT ???? I dont think that young girls should be getting these . DONT GET THESE MY SCENE ! ITS TO REVALING ! GET A MY SCENE GOES HOLLYWOOD THERE GREAT ! Sorry My scene lovers ... I 'm speaking the truth ! $ S.MANSON $
 Please , your reviews are going to be read by adults who want to buy gifts for their little girls , nieces , and granddaughters . Anyways , this doll is nuts ! I already reviewed her , but I had to again when I realized how trashy that one girl was talking ! No curse words , puh-lease ! Parents , please DO NOT buy this awful doll .
 eeeeeeewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww ... that is all that i can say about this so called `` doll '' i hope that by looking at her u can realize what a mistake it will be to buy it ... and u thought bratz wer bad !!
 I ca n't believe Mattel would make a doll for little girls that promote flaunting themselves so early in life . Hey - let them decide on their own when they 're adults whether or not to dress or look like this . Do n't show little girls 4 to 11 -LRB- through toys -RRB- that this is how they need to dress and look like to be cool.Would this be a doll you 'd like your little girl to play with ? I do n't think so !
 Does this doll come with her own poll and a mix tape of techno songs to strip to ? Does Ken now wear a feather in his hat and drive a tricked out Cadillac?Great role model indeed . I expect to see the girls whose moms bought them any of these dolls on Maury Povich - either the `` You Dress Trashy '' show or the venerable `` Who 's My Baby 's Daddy '' show.But who cares as long as she has nice hair , right?Enjoy .
 As if girls in this world did n't have it hard enough , they now have to contend with this kind of toy . The toy tells them to dress in the manner of a streetwalker , and starve themselves to achieve this kind of look . Barbie has never really been the pinnacle of what we could achieve for young girls , but this takes the cake . Where 's the pimp that is clearly missing from this toy set ?
 Just about everything negative that can be said about this doll has been said here , but I still feel that I have to put my two cents in . My daughter will be nine next month and , as always , she wants a Barbie doll for her birthday . This is one doll that not only will my daughter NOT be getting , but one that she will never even see if I can help it . Little girls love things that are shiny and sparkly and glitzy , but this doll goes way beyond that . The doll looks like a -LSB- ... -RSB- . The clothes and makeup just do not make sense in any other context . Yes , it 's just a doll , and it 's the parent 's responsibility -- not the toy company 's -- to teach kids what is okay and what is n't . But do you want your sweet little girl looking at this and imagining how pretty she will look one day in a crotch-length skirt ?
 Unless Mattel meant for this `` doll '' to be PROSTITUTE BARBIE , then they have really missed the mark . MATTEL - WHAT WERE YOU THINKING ???? I have to half-laugh at the `` children 's foundation '' you have listed on your corporate page . What is the point of having a children 's foundation if your are also on the other end pouring trash into our children 's minds ? The fact that Mattel -LRB- or any parent for that matter -RRB- would EVER think this doll is ok for ANY child , of ANY age , is scary . I am 35 , and I loved Barbie as a child . If I had ever seen this doll as a child I would have thought it was a joke . Sad , that our standards have dropped so far that some people actually ca n't see what is wrong with this doll !!!! Shame on you , Mattel .
 Is n't Barbie supposed to be pretty ? She looks like an ugly prostitute , hands down . I would n't `` wear that to a club '' and neither would ANY of my friends . Her make up is gross , and especially the look on her face says , `` Do me now . '' There 's a difference between beauty and over-the-top trashy . You ca n't deny that she looks like a porn-star , which is an industry that is illegal for teenagers who get this doll to participate in , but I guess we 're preparing our youth for this at a younger age now .
 Nice toy if you want to teach your child to be a little tramp . Great idea by Mattel . I can only imagine the fun toys they will think up next . Porn Star Barbie ? Anybody who buys this for their kids should be ashamed of themselves .
 he shirt is like waayyy to revelin ' -LRB- sp -RRB- other than that she 's ok.i like bratz better but i like my scene to.besides it is kinda stupid to be fightin ' about a stinkin ' doll i mean really are we 5 or something ?
 She was wierd.Madison was too.I prefer to get Chelsea.SARA SIBLINI !!! -LRB- SWEET HEART -RRB- BRATZ , MY SCENE & BARBIE FASHION FEVER LOVER !!!
 This doll is by far the ugliest , nastiest , sluttiest dolls alive . OMG she scares me.And her shirt , gross . It looks like something hanging from her boob , OMG that is nasty.I think , Bratz dolls are so much better.Oh , and just so you people know , this war wo n't end cause people do n't have to like My Scene dolls , and we can say what we want , and I say this doll is nasty and ugly , and Bratz are totally better . Which is true.So , get a Bratz dolls , their prettier and more appropriate .
 Hi . I 'm Alexandrea Marie Anna Bunitorisua 's husband , and I think this doll is WAY too sluttish to be a barbie . WHEN I BECOME PRESIDENT , I 'M GON NA LOCK UP ALL TOMBOYISH GIRLS IN CAGES AND TURN THEM ALL INTO BRAINLESS GIRLY MOMS LIKE THEY 'RE SUPPOSED TO BE.BOYSRULETHEEARTH ... GIRLSDO N'T !
 EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW !!!!!!! This My Scene dolls is freakishly ugly . I mean her outfit is sooooo slutty , she ca n't even cover her own legs . And she is soooooooo ugly , if you bought one , then do n't get a mirror for her becasue she is nasty . EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW !!!!! And if you are wondering , Bratz dolls are a ton better and more appropriate . Seriously , My Scene dolls make out with boys . And wear the worlds most sluttiest and ugliest outfits . This proves My Scene dolls are 10 times more innapropriate . And their video for this collection sucked badly . They fought over the ugliest outfit , and they think looking good on the holidays is better then everything . My Scene dolls are so ugly I ca n't even see straight . They make my eyes bleed , so I could n't even look at her much . If I had a My Scene doll right now I would take her head off and pull her hair out , it 's easy anyways My Scene dolls and you know it . Not to mention they have better stuff and outfits . Also My Scene dolls are big copycateres . I went to their website , and they had make-over heads where you can paint their nails , you know they copied them . My Scene dolls are ugly retarded dolls with a stupid name . Bratz are better and you know it .
 This is one of the Best Barbies in the My Scene collection ! -LRB- ... -RRB- She looks like a polar princess in the spring , or SUMMER!UHHH ... A POLAR PRINCESS ? AND WHAT AM I ? THE FREAKIN PURLE TOOTH FAIRY?Girls will love the sparkly theme , and will adore all the fab acessories.WHY WOULD THEY WHAT A BARBIE DOLL DRESSED JUST IN SPARKLES . SPARKLES LOOK SO GAY ON MY SCENE DOLLS.Her dress is very cute and modern.I DONT THINK ITS EVEN A DRESS . ITS MORE LIKE A BRA AND A MINI SKIRT THAT GOES WAY FARTHER UP THAN HER BOTTOM CHEEKSI know her other outfit shows a lot of skin , but I see girls dress like this all the time , plus it is just a doll , and she is fashionable while doing it!WHY , DO YOU DRESS LIKE THAT ??? YOU SEE 6 YEAR OLDS DRESSING LIKE THAT?I recommend getting her , and you might just fall in love!YEAH , AND MAYBE EVEN MAKE-OUT WITH HER . I 'M SUR ETHEY WILL , ALL OF THOSE MY SCENE OBSESSED FREAKS.BYE , WEIRDOS,-ZOE
 But look what she 's wearing ! If you want to like dolls like this then that 's fine . It 's not my prob . But it 's ironic to see My Scene fans come in the Bratz section to say that BRATZ dress like prostitutes . Right now I can see no difference between how My Scene and Bratz dress . Except ... this may be worse ? I have a fair respect for My Scene . Since It was kinda fun to make my sis 's My Scene doll look presentable . I dressed her in some decent - looking clothes and she looks ok . I do n't really like their overall look though , I prefer the Bratz look more . But I do n't really HATE my scene or any other dolls . Even though they were meant to be Bratz 's rivals . MGA and Mattel are rivals . This doll ... wow . I do n't really like how she 's dressed . If any real person was wearing it ... I do n't know it 's just too much for me . Not to say Bratz dress like perfect rolemodles either . All in all i do n't know about this collection . But I think that another collection may not be so bad ? ** ~ ~ ~ LIKE WHAT YOU WANT , JUST RESPECT WHAT I LIKE ASWELL ~ ~ ~ **
 And you guys say that My Scene wears reasonable clothing and would never wear mini skirts and shris that show your belly-button . OMG ! This is killing me . lol . OMG !!!!! THIS IS SO FUNNY ! I ca n't believe that you My Scene Obessed freaks Say that Bratz wear clothes that are only little peices of cloth and then here is this doll alomost half-naked ! OMG !!!!!!!!! Im crying because this is so funny !
 am actually laughing , I 'M LAUGHING SOOO HARD !! LOOK AT WHAT THE SWEET INNOCENT DOCTOR/LAWYER/PINK QUEEN Barbie IS WEARING !! ahahahaha i just took a look at the bling bling collection * dies of laughter * omg ... think again when you say BRATZ are sluts ! what 16 year old would wear this ?? the skirts are NOTHING !! this is so scary , i ca n't believe it ! i know it wo n't sell very well . there will be lots of disappointed mothers . and other my scene 's skirts are just as short as bratz . and really i see people in HIGH SCHOOL wearing things like the bratz and i guess the my scene 's too ... because they 're making the clothes more edgier now . well i do n't know what my scene 's wear ... the bling bling collection is just disgraceful ! LOL i ca n't believe they would stoop so low ! just to catch up with bratz ahahaha because obviously mattel would NEVER have created this if bratz did n't exist . they would still be making ballerina dolls . o gosh ... do they have belly button rings ?? -LRB- ... -RRB-
 If you are My Scene fan and you think I 'm going to start making mean comments please keep reading because I 'm not going to . I think this doll -LRB- more like this line of dolls -RRB- is gross , they a skanky and materiallistic -LRB- dunno how it 's spelled -RRB- . They are all wearing skimpy revealing outfits , and the name is the um , well , um , hows it spelled ? This is a bad My Scene I suggest any other line of my Scene dolls .
 Giiiirrrrllll ! Let me tell you ! I went to the amusement park last weekend and I saw girls there under 13 years old , wearing bikinis and temporary tattoos on their lower backs ! They were just switching around like it was nobody 's business and the parents were just standing right there , thinking it was just so cute . Then the other day I saw this tall , skinny girl wearing a skirt so short I was sure the slightest breeze would lift it up . Fortunately for her it did n't , so she must 've had it super glued to her thighs . Whatever ! Bling Bling ??? That sounds like baby talk ! I ca n't believe everyone jumped aboard the dumb rapper bandwagon and uses that babble ! For real ! Anyway , this doll is a major $ LUT and she might as well be wearing fig leaves ! The doll 's name should be changed to My Scene Gold Digger Barbie . Skip this and get a Dora doll for your daughter . Hollllaaaaa !
 This doll just goes to show our ever increasing tolerance for smut . There is no reason in the world that we should be encouraging our youth to present themselves in such a provacative and whorish manner . Young girls of this age are extreemly impressionable and are looking to us for direction on how to act and yes even how to dress . I , for one , will never send the message to my daughter that you should dress like a prostitute on the premise of being cool or fashionable . I have even contacted Mattel in regards to my disgust and hope that they are concerned with helping our children develop healthy , strong morals .
 My daughter who is turning 6 saw this doll and expressed how much she would like to have it . I had to tell her that it was not something that I thought she should have and she asked why and I simply explained because of the way she is dressed . She is a very pretty doll and has lots of sparkles but the outfit is way too much . Since I do n't want her to have this particular doll I did see an alternative that is still pretty and sparkles ... it 's the Bling Barbie but the head only that you can style the hair or put makeup on . I think I will buy that instead .
 Ok so as a nation we have gone totally mad . This is a doll that is more suited for me , not my 6 year old . It is way too risque for young girls who are prone to idealize what the mainstream has to show them . Come on Mattel is n't my job as a parent difficult enough without my daughter seeing barbie in hoochie clothes .
 My 6 year old daughter received this toy for her birthday today . This doll is VERY INAPPROPRIATE !! Why should a doll be teaching my daughter to dress in a way to show off this much of her body , when I am telling her to dress fashionable , yet modestly.I am VERY DISAPPOINTED in Mattel 's new direction !!! The My Scene Dolls are not meant for little girls .
 THIS DOLL IS DISGUSTING ! HOW IN THE WORLD CAN YOU MARKET A DOLL LIKE THIS TO LITTLE GIRLS ? IS THAT WHAT WE THINK LIFE IS ALL ABOUT `` BLING-BLING '' ? AT LEAST BARBIE HAS DIFFERANT PROFESSIONS ! DO N'T SHOW OUR LITTLE GIRLS THAT THEY ARE SUPPOSED TO DRESS LIKE THIS . PLEASE DO N'T BUY THIS TOY !
 This needs to be called `` My Porn Star Barbie '' or `` My $ 2 Hooker Barbie . '' I ca n't imagine letting any little girl of mine play with this . How Barbie has fallen !
 This Barbie was purchased by my husband for my child and I was mortified ! How dare this company put that kind of doll out ! It was thrown away as soon as I saw it ! A belly button ring ? Short , short skirt , halter top ? What are we teaching our girls in this world ? To dress like a SLUT ? Glittered lips ? That is so degrating to us women and our daughters/nieces/granddaughters ! Yes it is a doll but the `` Bling , Bling '' is WAY TO OVERBOARD ! This doll is not made for girls under the age of 13 . Lets show more dignity in doll making . I 've seen better Barbies than these Bling Bling ones and they should be pulled from the shelves all over the world !
 who ever told sombody this doll was good in any way ecept to tell kids not to dress like this was lied to by the devil . As a 17 yr . old I know this type of dressing -LRB- I do it only at party 's , but no one tells are kids this -RRB- I must say why would anyone try or want to give/have this doll . She looks like the poster child for love your daughter or she 'll sell her body -LRB- or it 's image -RRB- and do ecstacy.The age group this doll is targeted is looking for a role model and an identity . Even though sex sells you should n't buy it for your child.KIDS DO N'T DO DRUGS !!!! UNLESS THE DOCTOR MAKES YOU.DON ' T LET YOURSELF BE BRAINWASHED TO GROW UP LIKE THIS , BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN TO YOU . BOYS WILL ONLY WANT TO GET BETWEEN YOUR LEGS , DO N'T LET THEM !!!!!!!
 Glad to hear that you like me alot , Sara . Chelsea is really gay . She think that she is really smart and stuff when actually , she is stupid . shes VERY stupid.people who I freakin hate : * sara * chelsea * lara * lisapeople who rock the freakin world : * morgan * fairytail princess * me * zoeok . well , then , gald that lara , sara , lisa , and chelsea LOVES me . LOVE YOU TOO !!!! b ***** s-zoe
 this fake is pretending to be me ! I do not like this doll but come on - it 's the same review as my first one ! if you see this person with that cruddy review please understand its not me.Alexandrea Marie Anna Bunitorisua
 This is not something for a little girl to play with . It 's totally inappropriate ! Look at how she is dressed ? Do any mothers out there want their daughters dressing like that ? Can you even call that a shirt that she 's wearing ? And she is supposed to be 16 ? A child of mine would never leave the house dressed like that and I would never buy such an offensive doll for one of my kids . Mattel , just because Bratz has taken some of your market DOES NOT mean you need to answer them in kind . Show some respect for the young ladies you market to and take this piece of trash off the shelves .
 Can you believe what toy company 's are shoving down little girls ' throats these days ??? Honestly , these clothes are n't appropriate for anyone -- and are n't meant to be seen by little girls . So My Scene is competing with Bratz . I 'm not going to even get into that ... I 'm talking about when My Scene first came out ... When they first came out , I appreciated them . They were mostly modest and did n't go dressing like they were going to go clubbing all the time . Which is how they look now.Don ' t get me wrong . I still appreciate My Scene but only certain ones ... I 'd like to see Mattel come out with a modest but goregeous line . It would include things like :1 . a mini-skirt that ends a little above the knee paired with leggings2 . Ballet flats3 . Tees that do n't show their bellybuttons4 . Modest halter tops that are n't low cut5 . V-neck sweaters paired with camisoles6 . Dark-Wash flare jeans7 . Baggy bermuda shorts8 . An a-line skirt that ends at the knee9 . A pair of ultra-dark wash skinny jeans10 . A `` peasant '' skirt that ends mid-calf below the knee11 . Hoodies that end below the belly button that are baggy12 . `` Beanie '' hats and `` Newsboy '' caps13 . A BAGGY T-shirt14 . Pointed-toe kitten heel shoes15 . Polo-shirtsThese are things that girls today are wearing . They are more realistic . The line of My Scene dolls with those clothes would have this kind of make-up and hairstyles : MADISON : Eyes
 These new my scene bling bling dolls are ridiculous . the clothes are way to inappropriate for young girls . my seven year old will not be getting this for christmas . these dolls look like the grown women in the rap videos we hate to see . Half naked short short skirts . who gave mattel permission to even make these dolls .
 This doll is absolutely inappropriate for young girls . I can not even begin to understand what Mattel was thinking when they designed this . She looks like a Vegas showgirl ! Or worse ! I love Barbie , she is an icon , but this has just gone too far . Bratz wear provocative clothing as well , but certainly not this extreme . I am very saddened to know that this is what young girls want these days . Parents
 As a pre-teenager , I am insulted that you would suggest that me and other members of my age group would be interested in this crap , teenagers would probably be more likeley to just crack dirty jokes about it . Why in the world would I want to play with a plastic playboy bunny ? Tre-slutay . I think that this is marketed twoards 6-9 year olds , which FYI are not teens . Unless you 're a collector , If you 're younger than that and still play with barbie , I assume you 've got a somewhat low social status.Just some advice for parents , most teens -LRB- at least pre-teens -RRB- would rather have a nice pair of H&M ; jeans or an iPod or something.Pre teen
 This is a new low , even for our feminazi-drenched anti-culture . The whole message of this whore of a doll is to tell impressionable little girls that being superficial , arrogant , shallow and slutty are positive attributes , desirable & healthy , and that by contrast , having true strength of character , integrity , honor and modesty are for ` losers . ' In other words , looking and behaving like a skank tramp = `` empowerment . '' That term has been SO misued over the last 30 years -LRB- and particularly the last 10 -RRB- , that it ceases to have any truth to it whatsoever . Barbie used to epitomize what it meant to be feminine , a lady , and fulfilled -- with a husband , a home and children . Now that standard has been completely perverted and ruined with the onset of dolls like this -- exchanging true values -LRB- being a good wife and mother -RRB- for false ones -LRB- materialism and promiscuity -RRB- . Even Barbie 's face has been uglified -- grossly overdone mascara/eyeliner and collagened-out lips -- resembling those hideous whored-out Bratz dolls . Realize -- this is a WAR on our children 's souls!Mattel should be ashamed of themselves , to the hilt . This is child abuse , pure and simple . Any mother who allows their child to get one of these monstrosities should be jailed for neglect and have her tubes tied .
 Barbie has been a doctor , a scientist , a musician , a ballerina , and now a prostitute ! This doll is trashy and will not be buying anything like this for my nieces .
 My daughter really wanted this doll . She saw it on a brochure in the dvd case . So we looked it up and bought it . Its fine she 's happy . I hope I do n't accrue any bad karma purchasing one more piece of plastic that she played with for about a week before losing in the bottom of her toy box .
 i like the other two mermaids , but this one looks like it painted it 's body blue and it is wearing nothing ! i think it is dumb .
 WHAT AN UGLY MERMAID DOLL.I HATE IT SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH.DONT GET HER.BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
 Even though my four year old daughter loves this Barbie , it was a huge disappointment when my daughter 's friend broke the tail off . My daughter had this Barbie less than a day before the tail broke . Mattel should have forseen that making a tail that looks bendable but is n't bendable would cause a huge disappointment to many little girls . Our daughter wants another `` new '' Dori . I probably will break down and buy another , but at least we know now to be very careful with the tail . If you buy this Barbie , warn your child not to twist or bend the tail .
 i have two of these things cause they were really cheap from somewhere , and no , one of the colors is not better than the other because they both blow . i have many air hogs and am sad to say , thisn 's the worst . i admire spin master in their attempts at creating an RC plane that any kid can fly in their yard , but I draw the line when it comes to the defender -LRB- the wingspan is seriously maybe 10 inches -RRB- this tinyness really actually kills the toy straight from the getgo . it 's smallness means that it must have both a small battery and really small motors . in short , it has no power to pull it through the air , weighs too much for the size , and Bricks may just be more fun to fly . There is however one positive . It teachs you about gravity and its devastating effect on this poor little foam plane . if there is even the slightest breeze , this plane will stall and nose dive and that 's only if it even stays in the air long enough . and now i notice that the skywinder is only $ 30 !! now there is a much better plane for your money . Now assuming that anyone will actually read this among the 50 or so reviews for the not quite flying brick , read my review on the Skywinder or the Rush , they are actually flyable !!
 I bought a Defender at -LRB- ... -RRB- . It rocked for about ten minutes , then it would n't charge . So I got new batteries ... Nothing . I exchanged it for a blue Defender , it worked for about three hours than the up button on the controller stopped working . So I exchanged it ... Again . It worked for a couple of hours and stopped charging . I got new batteries again , and still , nothing . I turned out 0 for 3 . If you want to go return a plane twice a day , I reccomend this , otherwise , get the Resistor for $ 14 more . Thats what I did , and the Resistor worked .
 Overall the plane seems like a good idea , however the durability of the plane is very poor . We have owned two and a neighbor owned one . In all cases the planes broke within the first few flights . Very poor choice for a gift .
 I bought one of these at wal mart . It was fun while it lasted . Unfortunately , it lasted about an hour . I went through 5 or 6 of these , with none lasting more than 3 days . So I bought a resistor , which gave me similar results . If you want a REAL PLANE , go buy from a model/hobby shop . Not this CRUDDY Airhogs toy
 This toy was a peace of garbage . I kept begging my parents to take me to fly it . So one day my dad took me and when he threw the plane and the propellers were turning it did not fly . I rather have the air hogs rocket than this toy .
 i gave this to my husband for christmas because the hovercraft i originally gave him did not work . when he took it out to fly , there was maybe a 5 mph wind and it would not fly . To be honest , looking at the actual product there is no way a child can play with it without destroying it with in a short amount of time . I am so glad i didnt give this to a child . It would 've been a huge disappointment . We have had a remote controll air plane before and my husband actually works on air planes and we 're not completely sure if it would fly in no wind even .
 i read the instructions twice before trying to fly this plan , charge it 2 times the first time before flying it , got it to go up in the air for a hole 33 seconds as my wife was out there timing it to see how long it would fly . went over to where it landed and try to fly it again on the same charge and no way was it going to go again on that charge , , charge it again and we timed it again this time the charge was good for 15 seconds wow what a fun toy -LCB- NOT -RCB- i tryed to return both plans to the story and they would not take them back had the box and papers but no luck . . well it was a $ 65.00 lesson for me never to buy from toy 's r us again
 This plane is not worth the money to ship it let alone buy it . I tried to make it fly and all I could do was watch it go up then turn and immediately crash into the ground . Nothing I could do would make it work . I brought it home in 5 pieces .
 This plane is pretty fun , and extremely durable , but I would never have asked for it knowing what I know now . It takes to the air like a bat
 I got this plane for Christmas . After it 's first flight , it got all damaged . A proppeler broke off . Very hard to turn . Very hard to land . Most of the time , it crashes . Have to recharge after 4 short flights.HORRIBLE
 My son got this for his birthday . It looked like an exiting toy so off to an open field we went . After spending 10 minutes to charge it we made our first attempts . Invariably the thing took off for like 20 feet and then crashed straight into the ground.Messing with the flaps made it fly a couple of times but the crash to fly ratio was like 10:1 . Even if it stayed up in the air for more then 10 seconds -LRB- which would qualify for a ` fly ' rating -RRB- it was impossible to control and eventually it would crash anyways.Unfortunately it is not built do withstand this kind of beating . Eventually the tip broke off . I guess it would have been possible to repair ti but given the lack of fun we had we thought it was not worth it . So the thing ended up in the trash bin right there in the park and never went home.I must also add that we had a number of Air Hogs toys over the years which were given to us as gifts and they invaribly did not work very well and did not last long either . In my opinion this company is just producing landfill .
 I bought a Defender at Wal-Mart . It rocked for about ten minutes , then it would n't charge . So I got new batteries ... Nothing . I exchanged it for a blue Defender , it worked for about three hours than the up button on the controller stopped working . So I exchanged it ... Again . It worked for a couple of hours and stopped charging . I got new batteries again , and still , nothing . I turned out 0 for 3 . If you want to go return a plane twice a day , I reccomend this , otherwise , get the Resistor for $ 14 more . Thats what I did , and the Resistor worked .
 This airplane was a big dissappointment , It is made of styrofoam and not durable at all . I had this plane for 3 days and the body broke . The flying instructions are not very helpful .
 This was just some cheap toy . I will not buy this again . I rather have got the air hogs rocket
 I bought it and it did n't work . You throw it while it is on and you ca n't control it . I mean it just goes crashing into the ground . I reccomend to not buy it . It 's just really really bad .
 i got this toy cause i always wanted a rc plane i launch it and it did not even fly !!!! i get it working theres no wind and it looked like a ragdoll in a angry pitbulls mouth save your money get a real flyer
 EEEEEEWWWWWWWWW !!!!!!!!!!!! JUNK !!!!!!!!!! YUCK !!!!!!! THIS DOLL IS VERY UGLY.BARBIE DOLLS DOSENT ROX LONGER.BOOOOOOOOOOOBOBOBOBOOOOOOOOOOOOBOOOOOOOOOBOOOOOOOO !!!!!
 this figure is really quite poor . orton is one of my favourite wrestlers but the figure looks nothing like him . the hair is completly outdated and the vest -LRB- which orton has never worn -RRB- makes the arms harder to move and taking the vest off makes him look even more ridiculous because he has got lines of white paint just beneath his shoulderes . my advice is save your money and buy ruthless aggression series 12 version of orton which has him in his proper ring attire.matthew05
 this sux it doesnt look anything like orton . I have been watching wrestling since i was in kindergarden and hes never used a shovel . his vest sux , hes wearing lame ass pants , he looks like hes taking a dump , and i have 3 words 4 ya
 I read a review that stated that these taste like the inside of a peanut butter cup , only a little sweeter . They do not . They have the consistency of what you would find in a peanut butter cup , but not the taste . Another reviewer said these taste just like Mexican wedding cake cookies . This is actually the review that sold me on getting these . They do not taste like that either . I think the consistency is what sold these reviewers on the response that they give . I will admit that the consistency is fun , it 's crumbly , and makes it seem more appealing , the flavor is in no way appealing to me.What these do taste like is a mix between powdered sugar and the faintest hint of peanut butter . The powdered sugar overwhelms this product and is not appealing to my taste buds . If you like eating powdered sugar than you will probably enjoy these . I am sure there is a market out there for these confections , I just would not purchase these again , nor can I recommend them .
 Being as I was born in the fifties I still remember the tinkertoys from that era . This set -LRB- and doubtlessly the other sets -RRB- is direct-to-landfill junk . The sticks are different diameters stick-to-stick , color-to-color , they do n't fit tightly in the wooden pieces , there are ! 2 ! hub pieces , the two idlers are useless since they have no holes in the circumference , the yellow plastic hinges all fall out.Sorry . Ridiculuosly lousy design changes and QC . Do n't buy this for your kids .
 This is a very cheaply made product . The parts dont fit together very well . The stuff you build falls apart , because they fit together so loose . Not worth the money at all .
 This is nothing like the classic . I spent 1000 hour playing with my tinkertoys in the 70s . This new style is cheap , useless garbage . It is not compatible with the old style sets . The tolerances on the manufacturing are all over the place so some parts fit fine and others just fall out . Plus the price is a ripoff . Anyone who was involved with bringing this product to market should be fired .
 My daughter was given this set for her birthday September 12th , 2012 . It is hard to build anything because so many fittings are too loose . Pieces are mostly too loose so anything you try to make just falls apart . Super disappointing expensive firewood ! Very sad because I had these as a kid and made all kinds of things . I would rate this at zero if the system would allow it .
 This was very disappointing for the money . The parts do n't stay together well . I could n't even make anything with it let alone my 4 year old Granddaughter . I am going to try lincoln logs next time .
 I went with Tinkertoy because it was the brand I grew up with ; and the set I had was easy to play with & very durable . Today , I was disappointed to get a set of Tinkertoys with lots of end caps & elbows , & not enough spools . A few of the rods were too big , in that they could not get into the holes in the spools , and other rods were too small in that they were spinning & eventually fall out . A few of the rods ' slits were so small that we bent a flag just trying to get it in . Even with the elbows , many of the rods fall out , much to the disappointment of my 4 year old . At the moment I 'm helping her play with them because at times she can not get some pieces to pull apart , and other pieces to stay together . And sad that she already admits she 's afraid to break them .
 I was disappointed with this game . Through the years I have had quite a few games of this type and I am really surprised that &#34; Bicycle &#34; would put their name on this unit.I certainly would not recommend it to anyone .
 It is one of the worst sweets ever . Do not buy this product . I tried it out thinking it was going to be good , just realized its horrible . This sweet is definitely not meant for kids , just wondering who its meant for .
 If you are looking for a real guiro , do not buy this one . I was very disapointed to find that it is more of a toy than a musical instrument . The shell is way too thick causing the volume to be entirely too low for professional use .
 This is the worst game ever ! I definately felt like I was in the episode where Krusty is selling anything and everything with his name on it just to make money . First of all , this game has nothing to do with the simpsons , and the rules are n't really that clear . At one point in the directions it states that you may just wan na make up your own rules ... I tried to play the game with my boyfriend and his roommate . We played for about 10 minutes , then the gameboard and all the pieces were thrown onto the floor and i just read them the questions from the cards -LRB- which dont have anything to do with the simpsons -RRB- while we watched The Tick . The questions are like `` What is my favorite bean ? '' and `` Have I ever been to Europe ? '' . -LSB- It 's terrible -RSB- . Do not buy this game .
 I got this game as a Christmas gift , from friends who know how I enjoy the show . In true Simpsons self deprecating style , the box has a generic Krusty `` I heartily endorse this game '' cartoon , as well as a `` do n't be brainwashed by corporate propaganda '' warning from Lisa . Unfortunately this game could have come right out of a Krusty catalogue
 I bought this turtle for use in the classroom . It is quiet and makes such a poor sound that my kindergartners do n't even want to use it . Bummer . It 's very cute , but now it 's just a desk ornament .
 This turtle is pretty cute , but as far as playing music goes , it does n't sound very nice . I would n't buy another and would n't recommend it .
 I experienced the same issues with the shipping as many others have . It took 3 times to get all the parts arriving at the same time . I also was very excited to give it a try . I tried it in all snow conditions and also had my malamute hooked up to pull as well . It was a piece of junk , rip off 300 dollars down the toilet . It just would not do any sliding at all . I also bought the floats they too would not stay on . I do not recommend this sled to anyone . BEWARE it is a flimsy piece of junk .
 I read the reviews on here and was excited to get this sled since I have 2 huskies . I figured they could pull me around on this thing . I just got the sled a few days ago , first off the packaging was not the greatest , the parts were all over in the box and I was missing bolts and nuts . Then I discovered that one of the handles was already broken when I pulled it out of the box . I proceeded to put the sled together anyway , I got new bolts from the hardware store , I also got some wood glue and fixed the handle . I noticed that the sled was kind of flimsy once I got it put together , I also got snow floats and they did n't stay on very well . I had to modify them with extra zip ties to get them to stay on . Now I was to the point where I had the sled ready and it was time for some fun , or so I thought . I just got back from trying to use this piece of junk . The best way to describe this sled was flimsy and poorly built . I tried to let my girlfriend ride on it while I pushed and my dogs pulled . This did not work very well , the sled was not sturdy enough for this . It was n't even sturdy enough for me to ride by myself . When I was trying to push with one foot on a runner the whole sled was flexing and bending , even when I was just trying to go down a hill by myself the thing did not feel sturdy , the runners constantly bend and flex back and forth . The snow floats did n't seem to help it go through the powdery snow either , I do n't think they are wide enough . I am very disappointed in this product , I would not even recommend buying it for 100 dollars , let alone , the 300 I paid for the sled and the floats . Please do n't make the same mistake I did , do n't buy this thing .
 I registered for this set , and am disappointed with the quality . The towels are so thin ! They barely soak up any water on my daughter . I would definitely not register for this again .
 What I do n't get is , why spend the money on a 13 piece `` bath '' set , when six pieces are n't even bath related ... i.e. , when was the last time you fed your baby during his/her bath ? I have four kids and have never needed bibs or burp cloths during bathtime . Seems to me money could be better spent elsewhere . Also , fabric is not very soft at all , and is very thin .
 I love the picture , but there is no guidance outline on grid and yarn colors are too similar in colors -LRB- i.e. , tan/flesh/light taupe/oatmeal -RRB- . The yarn colors should be separated into each of their respective categories and their wrappers should be titled according to its color classification . Maybe okay for a pro with good eyes and has the time -LRB- and patience -RRB- to count lines in the grid as to where to start and to hold the yarn up to sunlight to try and figure out what color resembles . Would not recommend - too time consuming and frustrating .
 Worst piece of nothing I have ever paid for . Not only that . I have sent it back and still have n't received a refund . People do n't buy this . Just throw your money out the window .
 Terrible experience . I ordered two sleds for my granddaughters . When the sleds arrived , the shipping cartons were in tatters , and the sleds were not the model ordered . I was required to pay the return shipping cost of $ 115.98 . The second shipment contained a badly damaged sled -LRB- the front of the sled was completely split in half -RRB- , and the second sled was a different wood than advertised . Once again , the shipping cartons were in shambles . Once again , I was required to pay the return shipping costs of $ 97.75 . Amazon advised they would credit my credit card with the original puchase price -LRB- $ 468.96 -RRB- , but would not reimburse the return shipping costs . I 've always had a good experience with Amazon until now , but then it was just books and cd 's primarily before . Think I 'll just stick to books and cd 's from now on .
 I purchased this televison for my child for a christmas present when they first came out , the first one didnt even work , so i returned it for a second one and it didnt work either , as much as my child cried because she wanted the tv , we just ended up buying her a regular tv , and never had one problem out of it .
 The Television works but it makes that wierd sound when it comes on . Like the T.V. 's did in the 80 's . It sounds like it needs to boost up before it turns on and when it turns off . But I got it at a good price , it got there before Christmas and for that I am greatful . Thank you amazon.com !
 The octopus volume was fine , however , it is soooo difficult to press the sensors to make it speak . It is near impossible for my 7 month old to do it . When it does speak , the voice is grating and the sayings repetitive . I thought it was a really cute product , but it turned out to be a waste of money .
 This toy has no volume control and it is way too loud for any baby , let alone a parent . It 's annoying voice gets stuck in your head and it will drive you crazy . My four year old is relentless with it -LRB- it was given to us as a gift for my newborn , but I wo n't get it near him , because the sound is so loud -RRB- . That said , I think it actually taught my daughter some spanish words ... but still , it 's not worth the pain you will go through . Why do n't they install volume control on these things !!!!
 I bought this for my daughter 3 years ago . She never played with it and did not even seem interested when I tried to get her to play with it . I was hoping it would be a great learning toy . The volume is way too low so that does not help to capture a baby/toddler 's attention . I had hoped after having her little brother -LRB- now 1 1/2 -RRB- that he would be interested in it but he does not care for it either . It was a waste of money.Maybe if it was a bright red and had a way to turn up the volume , it would capture their attention . I would not recommend this toy .
 This toy looked like it was going to be plush , big and great value on line when i ordered it but for that money you could buy 10 other things that your baby would enjoy more . Its hard to press for the sounds so my 14 month son has not been interested in it . And now that he 's older , and he can press the sounds , its not exciting enough for him . Overall this i bad design , boring , and total waste of money ! I was expecting something very much more .
 I run a group inside my company supporting presentation that are captured.We have major problems using the .5 gig gyrotransport mouse pointers . All of they Gyrotransport pointers -LRB- four -RRB- have been purchased from Amazon.com.We currently have six of the older style media center gyration pointers and wanted to replace them with the simpler designed mouse . Our current media center pointers work 80 % of the time , but these have an issue with the pointer trigger button getting `` stuck '' sometimes . When the gyrotransport came out , this is exactly what I would have spec 5 years ago . The media center pointer works great but it has `` too many move parts '' for my application of just having a mouse pointer/page turner . BTW , the reason we use this device is so our online captures of presentation also capture the cursor movement pointing a graphs , etc.Gyrotransport ProblemsIn general , the pointer works pretty well if one person is using the device and they get it initially working and they are using it constantly.Problem 1 : If the pointer is set down for a minute or so , the pointer movement can stop responding , even though the left/right mouse buttons continue to operate.Setting it down and doing a re-calibration on the pointer fixes this problem 50 % of the time . -LRB- set on table , press pointer twice , wait 10 seconds -RRB- . Sometime turning from off to one works better . Sometime you have the pull the USB receiver.Problem 2 : When you go from one presenter to another , it 's like the person 's individual body capacity make the unit wacky . This happens most of the time . It really makes the unit unusable if you have 2-3 presenters during a 1 hour presentation . It 's just too distracting trying to get the device to respond properly . We have given up trying to use it with this scenario.Problem 3 . Gyration should know that most people use PowerPoint . The mouse cursor become invisible after a few seconds automatically unless you go in and set it to be visible all the time , which is a real pain . For whatever reason , when the mouse become invisible , this cause a lot of problem for presenters as the pointer does n't like to `` wake-up '' and re-appear . This issue needs to be addressed as it has been a problem for at least 5 years . They should supply an resident memory app the keeps the pointer visible all the time .
 It is exactly what it claims to be but way overpriced for a single pad of scoresheets . Do yourself a favor and search for `` free mexican train scoresheet '' on your favorite search engine . It will help you find something you can use .
 Too expensive and does not have the running total for the game.Will just copy on computer an older version of the score sheet which has total lines for each game . The older version seems not to be available anywhere . Locale printer made them for $ 1.65 but has retired .
 This score pad is too small . There is barely enough room to write names in the top boxes . I will make my own score pads from now on . I would not recommend these score pads ... make your own !!
 I was disappointed to receive only one pad . For the price I thought I was going to receive several score pads . Very expensive and not at all impressive .
 I just received this , I sure wish I would have read the reviews before I ordered two of these . Not only are they small , the pads look like they were made by a child on a cheap printer . This is the worst money I ever spent on Amazon . I will be more careful in the future .
 Not impressed with score pads . One was separated , & seemed not as full as the other . For the price , I would have thought they would have been wrapped.MEXICAN TRAIN Score Pad by Ouray Toys
 The pages on this score pad are too small to write in the numbers . There is no space to add up the scores until you get to the final score . Could contribute to errors in addition .
 I ordered a score pad along with other related items . The $ 2.95 scorepad was sent separately and $ 5.95 was charged for shipping , Will I order through Amazon again ??? NO WAY !!
 I purchased Mexican Train as I had family coming to visit . The set itself came with a score pad , but I really liked the layout of the score pad pictured here . However , that is not the pad they sent . The problem I have with score pads is that they do n't seem to want to give you room to keep a running total as well as keep track of each games points . This pad would have let us do that , but as I stated above they did n't send the pictured pad . Luckily my Aunt had a better pad with her that let us keep track of totals and each games points . Now yes you can add the whole thing up ad the end , but that is a TON of math ! Anyway just beware that you may not be sent the pad that is pictured .
 This tunnel smells beyond toxic ! I can not believe it rated so high . We put this on our wishlist for our daughter 's first birthday , and got it as a gift , but I would not let her play with it because it was like breathing in fumes ! We will definitely be returning this item ! YUCK !
 We received the play tunnel today and we are returning it tomorrow as it smells very strongly of gasoline . We could smell it before we even opened the box and it just got worse as we took it out . The tunnel also seemed to have a oily feel to it . The strong smell gave us headaches and we would n't think to let our children play in it !
 This tunnel is great fun for both my 4 year old and 11 month old , but after having it for only 3 months and playing in it only a few times a month , it has started to fall apart . The metal spiral has poked through the fabric and is sharp . It is no longer safe for use . The stitching on the other side that contains the metal spiral has also started to come apart . I am very disappoint in the quality of this tunnel . When we first got it everything looked great and I was hoping to get a lot of use out of this . I guess not .
 There are so many loose seams . When you drag one seam , it comes apart fast . I already find hole in the binding area showing inner padding within the first use on my soft carpet -LRB- 5 minutes -RRB- . It is NOT durable !!! The tunnel I received also contains blue ball pen writing on the tag . Is it a used or returned product ? I do n't know it was previously used by a pet or not . There was an area of light yellow stains I 'm not able to wipe clean . Is it urine from a pet ? I need to clean it before my baby use it . Baby likes to taste the tag . I can not clean the ball pen writing on the tag either ! Who did that?It is sooo cheaply made . It should n't be 30 dollars . I have to go through all the hassles to return the product . What a waste of time!I can not believe the other good reviews . It seems as if my pacific tunnel was made by a cheap low pay factory with poor sewing ability . The other reviews are out-of-date !
 i bought this for my 2 year old Niece.after setting it up , tried to entice her to crawl through it.no luck . all she does is bawl and try her best to get away from it . . only thing i know to do is keep it and try when she is older
 why did my review of this product get removed . I am a loyal amazon customer and i have experience with this product and it is a PIECE and everyone needs to know it ! THEY ARE CHARGING $ 25 for a WATER BASKETBALL !! You can get a legit composite leather full size ball for that much ! This one is just 30 cents worth of RUBBER !! stop erasing me these people need to know the truth !
 This stuffed animal is very poorly made . It would have to be for display only . It would fall apart if given to a child to play with . Not only is the shipping fee ridiculous , but the monkey is WAY overpriced , too .
 We got a deficient one , leak somewhere , and lose most air pretty soon at the first use . The color is good , and the print is better than our previous one . But the quick air-losing pretty it a useless toy .
 The product , though a nice inflatable globe , went flat within a week . The &#34; patch kit &#34; only works in a hole that appears on a smooth service . The creases in the globe -LRB- the likely place for a leak -RRB- can not be repaired .
 My 4 1/2 year old son got this for Christmas . It was easy to put together but it falls apart very easily . All he has to do is tip it over and a whole side breaks off and masts come tumbling down . I give it points for looking cool and simply because he loves pirate ships , but I am dissapointed overall at the quality . We 've had much better luck with Legos .
 I bought this on impulse when it was on sale for $ 20 . My daughter -LRB- age 3 -RRB- loves all dollhouses and tiny things , and had just had a good time playing with her cousins my little ponies , so I thought she 'd like it . I did n't realise from the picture quite how hideously pink it is . It really is an eyesore . We have a lot of Playmobil , which has much better detailing , and is far less offensive to the parents ' eye -- and in fact more fun for my daughter , too . She liked this house , and spent some time with it . But she was disappointed that the ponies have hard hair -- you ca n't brush it or stroke it . The frog does n't come out of his shower , which seemed sad . The mail box is cute , but not unique -- we have a fisher price dollhouse which also has a mail box . I keep hoping that my daughter will not mind when I re-gift this ugly house ; wish I 'd never given it to her . She does still quite like it , so I feel bad about getting rid of it . But it depresses me . Slave children in China presumably suffered to make this hideous thing . I know I 'm a snob , and I 'm sure a lot of people have fun with it . But if you mind about how toys look , I 'd recommend playmobil over this , any day . Or if your childr really wants ponies , you could get just the set with the wagons
 My kids and I love a good puzzle . However , this was a real disappointment since it broke the very first time we tried to do it . Luckily , it was Christmas morning , so we had lots of other things to play with , but still ...
 I HAVE NOT OPENED THE PACKAGE AS I HAVE REQUESTED IT BE RETURNED TO THE SENDER . I AM AWAITING INSTRUCTIONS . MY EMAIL TO SENDER AND AMAZON GOES UNANSWERED
 This train was a lot of fun at first after we put a little weight on the outside of the second car but for the money it has n't lasted very long . It made it through 4 Christmases with no use in between and now the train wheels are completely bound up , wo n't turn at all in spite of cleaning and oiling . Rather disappointing considering the cost of the set.Later
 The track is harder to get together than it is to snap . It is not worth the trouble to put together and how long till it is broken and is worthless ? Anyway I would never by one of these , no wonder it was given to us .
 We bought this 3 years ago and it was soo much fun . Now it has all of the problems that other reviewers mentioned . Our 4 biggest compalints
 Well , I 've purchase a ton of stuff online and I rarely am so disappointed I 'd feel compelled to warn all potential buyers . Do n't trust the cool train you see in the pictures . It will drive you mad.I bought this train at the end of the 2009 Christmas season . I did n't take it out of the box until Christmas 2010 . My children loved this train . They could lay for hours on the floor , hands in chin and watch is go around . Great idea to create some animation on each car . After a few hours of flawless performance I noticed it slowing down . I did n't think much of it and carefully put it away for the year.Christmans of 2011 started the madness . Train was moving very slow . I noticed the instructions tell you to clean the track and wheels . That 's odd . The darn train had fewer than 15 hours of use on it from the prvious year . I 've never owned a train but I ca n't see why a track could get so dirty so quick as to render the engine useless . I cleaned the track twice that year and the wheels . The train ran better but could never get near the speed it did in year one . Oh well , time to pack it away . We probably only put about 5 hours on it in 2011 . Well , now the train has gained legendary status in the family . I ca n't keep the kids from asking me to put it up . I got it out last night , re-cleaned the track and set it up . Now it 's slower than ever , can go backwards pretty well . After an hour it stopped going forward . I cleaned the track again and the wheels . Why on earth does is get so dirty so quick . I use rubbing alcohol on the track and wheels and let it dry everytime as instructed . Now the train wo n't go forward , only backward . Well , the kids are crushed . Better to have loved and lost than never loved is not for those under 6 years of age.This train has eaten up at least 5 hours of my life and countless hours of agrrevation trying to explain to children why the train wo n't go . Sitting and staring at an unfixable problem is aggrevation of the highest order . Do n't let this train suck the holiday cheer from you or your children.For those who know , are the plastic wheels on the cars responsible for the prodigious buildup of grime on the track ? There would be no such hobby as collecting electric trains if you had to clean the wheels and track every few hours of operation.If you have a couple hundred bucks and what a centerpiece for a season , buy this train but plan on walking it to the curb in January .
 Good morning ... A friend is helping me set up the train on the track . The cars light up EXCEPT for the engine . I lost the initial instructions . IS THERE AN ON/OFF SWITCH ON any of the cars ? What are we doing wrong ?
 wife purchase this set last year , after christmas 2009.o-k we put it together dec 10th 2010 , and it ran a few times around the track then started to stall , now it does not work at all.I spend 4 hours on it , from cleaning the tracks , checking the track connections , the power supply works , that is about all.It is to bad because we both like the set , just does not work ! .
 We have used the trains for two years and our grandchildren love them . This year we can not get them to work . Can anyone help ... ? We are thinking of purchasing a new set .
 I have never before written a product review . After 5 years of dealing with this tempermental train I am finally throwing it away . We set it up every Christmas and every Christmas we can get it to work for about 2 minutes . The cars derail all the time and the trains disconnect from each other all time . We COULD NEVER get it to run for more than a minute or two . I would not recommend this item at all.My brother in law who grew up with trains bought this same set and has stopped setting it up for the holidays .
 Just a matter of sliding one rod until the notches line up and the next one can be moved and then the next one - so on . It took less than an hour for us to release the disk .
 Bought this for a golfer friend - but no golf balls included but that was expected . What was an issue was installing the balls before I gave it to him . First , there was ` part ' of a peg already in the middle hole so no ball could be installed there . Poor workmanship or quality or whatever . Had to drill it out in order to make it work . Secondly the ` trick ' part of the puzzle was screwed on too tight and would not move - there was no way the pin was sliding on the ` third ' peg -LRB- and I know the trick - that was not the issue -RRB- . Fixed with a screwdriverand ` redrilled ' - the puzzle works fine and I can now present it to my friend . I would NOT recommend this puzzle unless you are comfortable rebuilding it . Do n't waste your money - look elsewhere .
 I own this game -LRB- in its previous incarnation , with the floppy record , not the CD -RRB- and I can honestly say it is the worst Murder Mystery game I have played out of dozens of plays by multiple companies . The plot is uncomplicated and unfun .
 I had played other murder mystery games in the past , and I really enjoyed them . We were headed to vacation in a ski area , so I thought this would be great to fit with the theme . Sadly , we were all disappointed with this game .1 -RRB- This game is very short compared to other murder mystery games -LRB- 1.5 hours as opposed to 3 or 4 hours for other games I have played -RRB- .2 -RRB- The solution was not complicated . Do n't be fooled by the `` twist '' in the title . This was about as complicated as something from Saturday morning cartoons .3 -RRB- The format was different from other murder mystery games , and there just was n't much information to play with -LRB- hence the short gameplay -RRB- . If I could go back and buy something else , I would . With so many other good murder mystery games out there -LRB- `` Lethal Luau '' and `` The Good , the Bad and the Guilty '' to name a couple -RRB- , why buy this one ?
 I 've been buying Murder Mystery games from Bepuzzled for years and have had loads of fun hosting parties with them . Reading the tongue-in-cheek humorous lines causes lots of laughter and fun . This one looks the same , but the booklet does n't have a script . Now they expect the guests to make up their own conversations . I refuse to do that to my guests . They 're not improv actors . I threw it away .
 What on earth is up with these Bling Bling dolls ? They wear skimpy clothes that are way ugly and provacative . I love My Scene , but this is way too revealing of outfits and they are not appropiate . But Chelsea is way pretty !
 This is a new low , even for our feminazi-drenched anti-culture . The whole message of this whore of a doll is to tell impressionable little girls that being superficial , arrogant , shallow and slutty are positive attributes , desirable & healthy , and that by contrast , having true strength of character , integrity , honor and modesty are for ` losers . ' In other words , looking and behaving like a skank tramp = `` empowerment . '' That term has been SO misued over the last 30 years -LRB- and particularly the last 10 -RRB- , that it ceases to have any truth to it whatsoever . Barbie used to epitomize what it meant to be feminine , a lady , and fulfilled -- with a husband , a home and children . Now that standard has been completely perverted and ruined with the onset of dolls like this -- exchanging true values -LRB- being a good wife and mother -RRB- for false ones -LRB- materialism and promiscuity -RRB- . Even Barbie 's face has been uglified -- grossly overdone mascara/eyeliner and collagened-out lips -- resembling those hideous whored-out Bratz dolls . Realize -- this is a WAR on our children 's souls!Mattel should be ashamed of themselves , to the hilt . This is child abuse , pure and simple . Any mother who allows their child to get one of these monstrosities should be jailed for neglect and have her tubes tied .
 Mattel needs to STOP COPYING bratz I mean they always copy the bratz I mean why do n't they just come up with there own ideas gosh I mean my scene is not stupid I mean theyre kind of cool but mattel I just wish well you know what I mean
 does n't anybody else think her shirt looks like a bathing suit top.they look like -LRB- prostitutes -RRB- in this and i wonder what mattel is thinking of next.she is barely covered up .
 I usually love My Scene , but this is just pathetic . These dolls are so skimpy and ugly , something I would usually NEVER call My Scene dolls . These dolls do n't have any clothes on , and lots of makeup . I 'm sorry , but this must be said .
 She 's a slut . I do n't feel like getting in detail , but chelsea was retarded before , and now she and her friends are sluts . The top part of her second outfit is freakin see-through ! Mattel has to be joking .
 They look slutty enough in those promiscuis clothes that show everything but . It would n't make a difference if you just took their clothes all off . If you buy these toys for your children , do n't be surprised if you wake up in the morning to find them with piles of makeup on , bling , and tight clothes.REALITY CHECK!And this is from a thirteen year old who lived through the times before Bratz came along -LRB- and what an obnoxious name -RRB- .
 this is crazy , I love my scenes but this is crazy.I will still get tis doll but . They are Not the my scenes I know.this is so crazy . she looks like one of those teen agers who want to look `` cool '' . I will probably have nightmares about this doll ! # 1 my scene lover
 this doll is ungly . she looks like she got run over by a car.her shirt is not even a shirt dont buy her buy barbie , madsionor nolee.I do n't like her.my favorite my scene girl is barbie her top is better and much more sexxyer .
 Oh man , I ca n't wait to get this for my little girl . She has been begging me for some mo hoes for her Pimpin ' - It-Real Ken doll .
 This is so gross . I do n't know why mattell thinks kids staring at Chelsea 's b00bs is fun . This doll should be for kids 13 and older .
 I 'M REALLY GETTING SICK AND TIRED OF HEARING 10-14 YEAR-OLDSMYSCENE AND BRATZ FANS FIGHTING ABOUT WHICH DOLL SUCKS !! THISIS A PLACE FOR REVIEWING PRODUCTS NOT A CHAT ROOM . IT ALSOSAYS ON AMAZON `` PLEASE BE SURE TO FOCUS YOUR COMMENTS ON THEPRODUCT `` I 'M A 13 YEAR-OLD WHO LOVES BOTH MYSCENE AND BRATZ , BUT THISDOLL IS N'T REALLY AGE APPROPRIATE FOR SIX YEAR-OLDS , SINCE ITCLEARLY SAYS ON THE BOX AGES 6 + . FIRST THERE IS TOO MUCH MAKE-UPAND THE CLOTHES ARE TOO REVEALING AND MINI , I MEAN LOOK AT THESKIRT !! I RECCOMEND GETTING A DIFFERENT MYSCENE DOLL LIKE THEMYSCENE `` FAB FACES '' LINE.MATTEL SHOULD THINKING MORE ABOUT FAMILIES THAN MONEY MAKING !! - * ~ * A MYSCENE AND BRATZ FAN * ~ *
 Wow . this is the stupidest f *** ing toy ever . she looks like a slut . her clothes are sick and too small , and what is with the name ? bling ? that is SO gay . its so funny to see people sticking up for this piece of s *** doll .
 I think this doll is BEAUTIFUL!Beautiful ?! HA !!! This doll + pretty = No way , not in a million years.lots of people I can see think this doll is to inapropriate . That is not true.that is 100 % true , she is slutty and ugly and you know it.We play with the doll . where would we get the clothes anyway , to you people who think girls would dress like this ? Bratz -LRB- which I hate -RRB- is the one that is inapropriate.YEAH RIGHT !! Bratz dolls are like totally better , and they are too appropriate . Your just an idiot is all.They are distusting . They have big heads and no feet . And big lips , freaky , disgusting lips . I know lots of girls who want to dress like bratz.Okaty , imaginary friends do n't count . And hello , My Scene dolls have huge @ $ $ es , and the worlds biggest boobs , and they have sloppy messed up lips , and gross , they have 4 different kinds of feet , and they are so fat.Anyway , would you rather this doll to be naked?I think she is great . She has beautiful makeup , and beautiful hair.OMG you are so funny , cause well none of that hunk of a junk is true . She 's a butt ugly fat @ $ $ slutty dolls with the worst clothes.I think she is gorgues -LRB- i probaly spelled it wrong -RRB- . They have dazeling faces . and nice clothes . Bratz have more horable clothing . i do n't know why people love bratz more than my scene . Bratz are VERY VERY VERY VERY ugly . There faces are freaky . They look like aliens . My scene look more realer.How can anyone like those whorey dolls that want to go to hell and become pole dancers and act like slutty whores . My Scene dolls look like a mutated Barbie dolls , with they ugly sloppy and gross looking lips , they are fat , and have a huge @ $ $ and boobs . And they are so ugly , my dog cried when he saw one of them cause they scared him , and this doll gave me a nightmare one time . I remember in the wonderful dream I had last night , the My Scene girl were real , and we were on a plane , and I punch them all and kicked them off the plane , and they died , is n't that the best dream ever ? I know it is.This doll is stunning , just beautiful.Why do n't you co to the brain store , and find a brain that actually works for once , cause this doll is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ugly !!! Bratz are better , deal with it .
 Hello , my name is Alexandrea Marie Anna Bunitorisua and i am reviewing Bling-Bling Chelsea . I think that this doll is very ugly and wrong . What are toys trying to teach children these days ?!? That it is fine to graduate schools ? Girls should stay home and help their mothers until they are four teen , and then they get married and have children at fifteen . The Bling-Bling dolls are BRAINWASHING sorry little girlys into thinking looking pratically NAKED is cool ! These dolls are very bad for young girls because they make it seem like girls can particapate in sports , which they can not . Today 's dolls should be banned from the whole universe . Maybe after that , the girlys will get a clue and become mommys ay 15 again ! That is my opinion and i hope you follow by it . its true .
 Does this review have ANY cuss words in it ??? I dont think so ... This doll is VERY innapropiate . I have NO idea what your talking about . This doll is VERY ugly . BRatz NEVER wear clothes like THAT ! THey wear pants and when they DO wear skirts , they dont go above their freakin butt.-zoe
 This doll is VERY innapropiate . I have NO idea what your talking about . This doll is VERY ugly . BRatz NEVER wear clothes like THAT ! THey wear pants and when they DO wear skirts , they dont go above their freakin butt.-zoe
 AND I THOUGHT MADISON 'S SHIRT LOOKED LIKE A BRA ... . MY SCENE ARE SOOOOOOOO GAY AND UGLY AND STUPID THEY SUCK ! ESEPCIALLY THE BLING BLING DOLLS . AND THAT GIRL PROBALLY DOSNT SHOW ANY SKIN . IF SHE DID , THEN SHE WOULD BE WITH THOSE SISSY STUPID MY SCENE LOVERS . WAZ UP WITH THE BELLY BUTTON RING ????? WHEN BRATZ HAD A BELLY BUTTON RING , ALL OF YOU MY SENE OBSESSED PEEPS WERE LIKE , `` OMG !!! THEY HAVE , LIKE , A BELLY BUTTON RING ! OMG , LIKE , EVERYONE RUN FOR YOUR LIVES ! '' AND NOW THAT MY SCENE HAS A BELLY BUTTON RING , YOU GUYS ARE LIKE , `` OMG ! BELLY BUTTON RINGS ARE SO TOTALLY IN !!!!! WE SHOULD TOTALLY LIKE , GET ONE TOO ! SO WE CAN BE MY SCENE ! '' AND THEN YOU GUYS FIGHT OVER WHO WANTS TO BE BARBIE WHILE YOU SKIP YOUR WAY TO THE TATOO PLACE !!!!!!!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHA ! YOU GUYS ARE SOOOOOOOOO GAY !!!!!! YOU R SUCH A MY SCENE CRAZY PERSON !!!!!!!!! - zoe !
 I 'm going straight to the point , I 'm a Bratz fan and I think that My Scene COPIED off of BRATZ ! Bratz were here first ! They have a right to knock My Scene out of buisiness ! BRATZ RULE!May Bratz STAY and My Scene PAY !!! Peace , Martial Arts GalIf you 're a Bratz fan , SAY IT OUT LOUD !!! -LRB- But look away from the My Scene Doll , it may cause sudden ugly suffication . -RRB-
 What has Mattel gone to ? First Flavas , now this ?! Parents and some kids complain that Bratz wear the skankiest outfits and claim that Barbie is wholesome . Not anymore . These `` Bling-Bling '' series are 10x more innapropriate than certain Bratz collections -LRB- Bratz Fabulous , for example -RRB- . These girls wear TINY SKIRTS and BRAS THAT PRATICALLY SHOW THEIR CHEST ! These dolls seriously remind me of Lil ' Kim and Trina , and any other female rappers who are all about bling-bling and dressing like a tramp . Mattel should understand that not everything in pop culture is appropriate , even though the majority of kids are into it . I hope these dolls get pulled off the shelves because girls should be playing with dolls that actually wear a decent amount of clothing .
 This doll is just gross . It has absolutely nothing special about it . But , it teaches people EXACTLY how to dress like a skank . That 's why I gave it five stars for education . And do n't flame at me . Sometimes the truth hurts . Deal with it .
 If my daughter dressed like this or held this style as an ideal , I would cry and cry and cry . What a sad testimony for where we are as women in our culture today -- yes , girls , you too can be viewed as purely sex icons to be used by men who clearly desire to see you in as little clothes as possible . Surely dressing like this will lead you to lifelong love and fulfillment and self respect -- dressing like this shows a sense of `` style '' and `` fun '' and will never lead you to be used and abused and exploited by men who will assess your self worth solely by how much you titillate them . Get a grip ! Girls , we deserve so much better !
 ITS TIME FOR MY SCENE FASN WHO CALL BRATZ SLUTTY TO EAT THEIR WORDS !! LOOK AT CHELSEA 'S SKIRT !! ITS SO FREAKIN ' SHORT AND TIGHT HER SKIRT MIGHT JUST RIP WHEN SHE 'S DANCING !! SO WHO IS SLUTTIER NOW ?? BRATZ ARE APPROPRIATE DOLLS AND THEIR CLOTHES ARE FABULOUS UNLIKE MY SCENES !! I HAVE A MY SCENE DOLL AND AFTER CHANGING HER CLOTHES FOR LONG , THE VELCRO CAME LOOSE !! CALL THAT QUALITY ?? MY FOOT !!
 I saw those dolls and EWWWWWW !!!!! They make it look like their wearing punk outftis , and if you think they did n't copy Bratz , then you have a problem , and also , they have tatoos on and belly button rings . they have 2 tatoos on their belly , and one by their shoulder , and one on their foot , not to mention they look like their wearing bras . -LRB- ... -RRB- . Also , they are wearing too muich makee-up , it looked like a make-up factory exploded on their face , you see , the Bratz normally wear light color make-up , so it does n't look like their wearing much . Anyways , those doll say bad girls all over it . Also , if you think Bratz have big lips , look at the My Scene dolls NOW . their lips are huge now , especially Nolee 's . Andb cine their heads are too smalle , it looks like their lips are swolen , but since bratz habe always had big lips and have always looked good , they copied them . Oh , and how is it a coincedence that right after the Bratz have a movie about them being singers , Barbie is one . MATELL , YOUR A COPY CATER AND YOU STINK , MGAE IS BETTER AND YOUR JJUTS JEALOUS , AND YOU MY SCENE FANS ARE TOO !!!!!!!
 I DO N'T LIKE HER . SHE IS UGLY AND LOOKS LIKE BRATZ BUT WORSE!BARBIES USED TO BE COOL BUT NOW THEY 'RE JUST PLAIN WRONG STRIPPERS GONE BAD!DON ' T BUY THIS !
 hahahahaha !! this doll is made to be the greatest joke on earth !! look , if u my scene fans say that bratz are slutty u shld check this bling-bling my scene line and see who IS sluttier ! now my scene fans , GO EAT YOUR WORDS !!
 I am here today to say to you ... SHUT UP !! I HAD ENOUGH TRASH TALK ABOUT DOLLS ! LOOK , BRATZ CAN BE SLUTTY TOO ! FOR EXAMPLE BRATZ FABULOUS COLLECTION -LRB- i HATE these dolls , i just want to burn them all !!! -RRB- ok i have to agree with most bratz fans , this myscene bling bling doll shows too much skin , not approiate for girls 6 + . Not even me and i 'm 12 . they both wear micro mini skirts and tiny shirts . so they both can be slutty sometimes , and beautiful sometimes.If you want a beautiful doll , check out my favourite collections for bratz and myscene , the bratz wintertime wonderland collection , bratz tokoyo a-go-go collection , bratz nighty nite collection , sportz , oh lala , sun kissed summer , myscene the getting ready collection and my most favorite the lindsay lohan doll !!! -LRB- my favourite teen celebrity and doll ! -RRB- Sincerly , a bratz and myscene fan -LRB- and LINDSAY LOHAN ! -RRB-
 I have two boys who are 3 and 6 . My 3 year old was terrified of this toy because it is very noisy -LRB- similiar to a small handheld vacuum -RRB- . Once he got past the sound of it , he enjoyed it a little . It does seem to go for a while without needing more bubble solution . For what it is , there are better alternatives available .
 Set this up , and it literally spun around one time , and then quit . There was n't enough air blowing to even make a bubble anyways . Bad product - save your money and time and pass on this product .
 I never even got to use this bubble blower ! Water splashed on it and it did not work from the get go . Imagine a bath toy that will break when it comes in contact with water . Hello ? Ofcourse it will ! DO NOT BUY IT !
 I bought this for my 9 month old son because he really likes bubbles . However , he cried the second I turned this on because the device is SO loud as it makes bubbles . It scared him to the point that I got rid of the thing . No other noise has ever scared him before , and he 's not a sensitive baby by any stretch . This thing is just too loud to be of any use . We hated it .
 received this as a gift , otherwise i would have never purchased after seeing all the terrible reviews . the motor works , the bubble solution is fine , but it wo n't produce bubbles . i do n't think the fan/blower is forceful enough to work as it should . that is , when the `` on '' button functions . most of the time i have to hold it down for it to stay on . shame .
 We received this as a gift and wanted to love it . I tried everything to make it stick but it kept crashing down in the tub . I attempted to sit the bubble machine in the corner of the tub but it still kept falling over because of the fan inside the bubble machine . i also could not get any of the bubbles to come out and i used about 1/4 of the bubbles . It was spinning but zero bubbles . Overall , it did not work for us . Wanted it to so bad but no dice .
 We bought this product and it came with a bottle of bubble solution . After a few minutes our baby was teary eyes because the bubbles burned her eyes . Now how can something made for the bath tub to bathe kids not have tear free bubble solution is an absolute question to me . Producers of baby products with such little thoughts in development or marketing should not be in business !
 Broke within an hour of playing . Waste in ever aspect . Kids were excited and then disappointed because it was a Christmas gift .
 I purchased this a few months ago and threw it out after the first use . This seemed like it would be a fun toy for my boys as they both LOVE Bubbles but it broke during our first use . The toy apparently is not made to get wet but it is sold as a bath tub toy-go figure . As soon as the toy got wet the motor started slowing down and would no longer produce bubbles . I 'm not talking submerged in water either - just wet from bath time splashing . A real piece of junk - save your money !
 I was not happy with this item . Even with the bubble reservoir completely full , only every other or every third wand produces a bubble as the wands rotate past the fan . I also did n't like that it was n't designed to get wet - it 's a BATH TOY for goodness sake ! I 'm returning it .
 My child loves bubbles so we bought this for her . It did not work . It blew about 10 bubbles then started foaming . I followed all the instructions , cleaned it , tried again and got about the same results . For us it was a total waste of money .
 I wish I had taken the majority of reviews to heart -LRB- and usually do -RRB- , but I so badly wanted them to be wrong . Nope , they 're right . This thing is junk . The first one we bought never worked at all . Like a complete fool , I returned it for another one , which worked for only 1 bath despite never getting wet . Do n't do it . Just do n't .
 This product was horrible . The motor inside was broken and it did n't even blow bubbles . Bad bad bad buy !!!!! I was tempted to buy the bubble machine from disney , I probably should have !!!!!
 The product showed up fast but it was broken . I tried 3 different sets of batteries and it wouldnt work . For such a good company you would think their product would be in better shape
 Lots of bubbles BEFORE using it in the bathtub . The first time it was suctioned to the bathtub wall it fell off . It was properly suctioned and was not disturbed by kids . The next time it was used in the bathtub it fell off again and hit our 13 month old on the head . These two very brief drops in the water ruined the motor . We were really excited about it for the tub , but it was a very disappointing purchase . Unfortunately , it does not hold up to very gentle bathtime use .
 This item worked GREAT the first time we used it ... it poured out the bubbles , almost too much ! The second time we used it , it was much less and by the third day it was n't working at all . I ended up throwing it away before the week was done . Very disappointed . Great idea for bath-time , but poor product . Save your money .
 Bought this item in a store -LRB- so it was easier to return -RRB- . Not only did the wand not rotate properly , it was extremely noise , AND if difficult to clean/empty out to store . Also , if you do NOT have smooth walls -LRB- like tile -RRB- on your shower enclosure , the suction cup will not stick.The woman at the store said `` yeah , we get these returned a lot '' . I wrote the manufacturer on their website and received no response , so I just took it back to the store . If you do n't use all the bubbles , you have to leave it upside down for a LONG time to try to drain the solution out , and even so , you 'll have residue everywhere.So , 1 -RRB- noisy . 2 -RRB- does n't always work . 3 -RRB- difficult to clean . 4 -RRB- difficult to mount/place . 5 -RRB- does n't work if it gets wet.Save your money , just blow bubbles with a cheap bottle of suds or buy a bubble gun and keep it out of reach of the child so it does n't get soaked .
 This was really cool - while it worked . It makes lots of bubbles , and a huge mess - so make sure it is aimed in the tub . But , the suction cups do n't hold well . Ours dropped off the wall and into the tub . The motor was fried after two more uses . It is marketed as a bath toy , but CAN NOT get wet . Either skip it , or rig up a way to ensure it does n't fall in the tub .
 this product burned out after 2 bath times . After the first use , I could smell smoke from the motor after less than 10 minutes of bubble making . the next day , it lasted another 5 minutes and was dead . do not buy this product . it is an absolute waste of money .
 Disappointed with another baby item gimmick . This product only blows bubbles if full of solution , when half full , you have to refill . It stopped working soon after purchase , then started up again a few weeks later , then back to not working . Half the time it just foamed bubbles spilling out of the fill dish.Don ' t waste your money .
 I bought this for my son thinking it would be fun for his baths . We 've only used it a few times but the darn thing is so noisy ! My son is a bit hestitant about it because of the noise . It does blow tons of bubbles . In fact , I think it blows too many , too fast . It 'd be a much better toy if it were less noisy and had different bubble speed options . I would keep searching for a bubble maker if I were you .
 Only managed to use this once with my 8 month old . The instructions say `` do not submerse '' . Well , it 's a heavy toy with only one -LRB- inferior -RRB- suction cup to hold it up . It splashed briefly into the water when my daughter predictably tried to touch the unit , and while it continued to work for that bath , it has n't worked since . I honestly think it would have stopped working if it had just gotten a couple of good splashes . Really disappointing - we have other electronic bath toys that seal up watertight , why does n't this?Also , the fan on it was obnoxiously loud when it did work . Definitely not worth purchasing !
 I bought this for my son because he LOVES bubbles and thought this would be a great item for him . It was a complete waste of money ! It worked great the first time , but never again ! Anytime we tried to use it , it would just spit bubbles down the front of it , the wheel did n't spin and half the time it did n't do anything at all except make a mouse like it was trying to spin . Do n't know if I got a dud or what but I would not recommended it to anyone ! Save your money & just buy a bottle of bubbles & blow them yourself .
 I got the Winnie the Pooh Summer Infant bubble blower . It does n't put out much bubbles . Also the holes they put in it to make it a sucure packaging . Well the solution leaks out of the bottoms hole ect . My son put it in the bath water and now it do n't work at all . I would not waste your money on this bubble blower . My hand held cheaper one from Cracker Barrell has been put in the bath water and has a broken battery door on it and it still in running great and gives out alot of bubbles .
 This item is awful . What a fun idea , and oh how poorly executed . This item is cruddy . Very very poorly designed . The bubbles do n't gently float up like they do in the picture . It 's more like a full on bubble assault ! They shoot out in an aggressive horizontal line . It 's terrible . You could NEVER sit your kid in front of it like they do in the picture . They would be taking an aggressive onslaught of bubbles to the face !! Oh !! And did I mention , their bubble solution BURNS !?!? You would think something they picture as floating into a child 's face would have the sense to be tear free but I can promise you this is not . It got into my eyes and stung like crazy . What a poorly designed product . I returned mine immediately . When I went to remove my batteries to do so , i could see that the inside of the battery compartment was slimy with bubble solution . This , after ONE abbreviated use ! This is a very poor quality product . Avoid !
 Bought two of these . One went really fast and made lots of bubbles - used a lot of batteries and then broke . The second one turned so slowly that it did n't make bubbles . My baby is still looking around for the bubble machine and is disappointed .
 I purchased this for my 3 year old son . He loves taking baths and loves bubbles . We turned it on and all it did was spit the bubble solution . I tried adding more solution and it just kept doing the same thing . My son was so disappointed . I wish had my receipt to take it back . It was not worth spending any money on .
 My daughter LOVED this toys for the first week , until it stopped working . Like another reviewer noted , it was not submerged in water when it quit working . Additionally , there is no special battery protection to keep water from running in and rusting them . What a disappointment .
 I bought two of these and neither of them work . Unfortunately I did not save the packaging so into the trash they go.I tried the bubble solution that came in the package as well as other brands , and the bubble machine fails to produce bubbles consistently . You are better off with a single wand and blow your own.Save your money . Do n't buy this product .
 My daughter loves baths & bubbles so we got this ... but it came with only a small amount of bubble mix . THe catch -- do not use dish soap to fill OR regular bubble mix ... so you 've got ta use their special mixture to refill bubbles . We went through the whole container of bubble mix in less ten a week . I tried a few other bubble mixes and they did n't seem to make the bubbles as nicely . Then it stalled ... so overall ... a good idea ... but it does n't last .
 I just got this and I wish it worked better . The wands spin sporadically , sometimes stopping completely . When they do spin it works nicely - even if they just rotate a little and then stop because it gives time for bubbles to come out . It 's just a low quality toy . What a shame .
 We were so excited to use this ... rushed home and got the bath tub all ready ... the thig woekrd for maybe 2 montues and then never again produced another bubble . So Sad . : -LRB-
 So I jumped onto Amazon to look for a new bubble machine I can use in the bathtub with my son . The reason I came to Amazon to look for one , is the one we got as a gift broke after 2 weeks . When I did a search , I saw that this product , the one we received as a gift , was the first on the list ! This thing is terrible . After a couple of weeks , the machine stopped working . Thinking it was the batteries , I looked to change them , and realized that one of the 2 battery compartments was corroded due to water getting in to the battery cabinet . This was not even exposed to direct water , just splashing . I ca n't believe this is being sold as a bathtub toy . Pass on this unit for sure .
 This product is not worth your money . It works maybe twice with the push of a button and then never again when you want it to . We got it for use in the bathtub but its aweful . Bubbles spill out , the suction does n't work most of the time , the button is useless . Very disappointed with this Garanimals product .
 We bought this item a few years ago for our kids . It does n't blow many bubbles , it is very loud , and it does not stay up in the tub . It actually fell off the wall and onto our then 2-year-old son ! It was so loud they were scared of it . What a disappointing toy .
 Well , the thing was pretty good and interesting while it was working and it was working for about a week ; after a week the batteries dies -LRB- that 's ok -RRB- , but replacing batteries did not activate the item ; so , the batteries are new , but the bubblemaker does not work - simply does not work ;
 First of all , I 've had it for probably 9 months now and does n't seem to be anywhere near breaking.Unfortunately , when you turn it on , that 's it ; it 's on.There 's no flow or time button . For instance , if the bubbles came out at a slower pace , and then would run for about 10 seconds and then waited a minute , then started again , that would be AWESOME ! However , it does n't . It 's on/off and at a moderate pace which is just too much.Overall , waste of money . If redesigned , then I would spend more money .
 this worked great the one time it actually worked ... it only lasted one bath time ... it must of gotten wet somehow even though it never actually touched the tub ... like everyone else who commented this thing breaks after one use .
 I bought this toy at a store thinking it would entertain my little one when she has been fussy in the evening . I wish I would have read all the negative reviews on here first ! They are all right ! I have gone through the entire bottle after FIVE uses and just as another reviewer said , even when the reservoir has the bubble solution in it , it only sends out a couple of bubbles after 30 seconds of use . I have it high on the wall , so I have n't gotten it wet yet . Bottom line , this toy just is n't worth it . I 'm sure there is a cuter one and better quality one out there .
 I saw those dolls and EWWWWWW !!!!! They make it look like their wearing punk outftis , and if you think they did n't copy Bratz , then you have a problem , and also , they have tatoos on and belly button rings . they have 2 tatoos on their belly , and one by their shoulder , and one on their foot , not to mention they look like their wearing bras . -LRB- ... -RRB- Also , they are wearing too muich makee-up , it looked like a make-up factory exploded on their face , you see , the Bratz normally wear light color make-up , so it does n't look like their wearing much . Anyways , those doll say bad girls all over it . Also , if you think Bratz have big lips , look at the My Scene dolls NOW . their lips are huge now , especially Nolee 's . Andb cine their heads are too smalle , it looks like their lips are swolen , but since bratz habe always had big lips and have always looked good , they copied them . Oh , and how is it a coincedence that right after the Bratz have a movie about them being singers , Barbie is one . MATELL , YOUR A COPY CATER AND YOU STINK , MGAE IS BETTER AND YOUR JJUTS JEALOUS , AND YOU MY SCENE FANS ARE TOO !!!!!!!
 OMG I CA N'T BELIEVE THIS DOLL . I MEAN , THIS IS DEFINATLY THE DRESS THAT -LRB- ... -RRB- WOULD WEAR , AND HER OTHER DRESS , IT BARELY CONECTS IN THE FRONT , AND SHOWS HER -LSB- chest -RSB- CRACK ALMOST . AND IT LOOKS LIKE SHE WEARING A BIKINI !! I AM NEVER GIVING THIS TO MY DAUGHTER , EVER !!! THIS IS DISGUSTING , GET BRATZ DOLLS , THEY TREAT BETTER LESSONS !!
 Nolee looks ronchy in this '' so called '' dress . its wide open revealing a belly button piercing and the dress is the size of a shirt.also looks like they made her lips plumper like they blasted her with collegen . this is ridiculous . when i become a parent i 'll never buy this for my child .
 oh my gosh my scene dolls are so ugly i feel like puking whenever i see them they are very inapporpriate peoples buy bratz they are pretty and fun to play with and they have coolio clothes
 I 'm sorry no as a matter of fact I am not sorry this doll looks like she can be in three six mafia video dancing in the background . Who told Mattel that this was a good idea ? Is this Mattel 's vein attempt to give the dolls an `` urban '' feel if Mattel feels this is appropriate to teach young girls to dress like ho 's and teach them that their body is all that they have to offer then Mattel has some messed up views of the world . Honestly people this doll is not innocent looking it looks like it could be on that HBO documentary about hookers . What happened to the times when a kid could be a kid and play with a normal looking doll .
 I am completley repulsed by these dolls , and it makes me sick that the recommended age for them is 6-12 . I am sure no mother would want their little girl dressing like that . And what sickens me further is that someone actually called this doll `` beautiful '' . What does that say about society today ? This is considered beautiful ? A young teenager exposing her midrift , wearing a skirt several inches too short and putting on inchs of make-up ? What happend to the beautiful , all american girl next door ? That shy , sweet , modest girl ? The girl mothers could imagine their girls growing up to be . Society is going downhill fast , and these dolls and their influence on childrens ' perception of beauty is not helping . Toy companies have to realize that young girls look at these dolls and think to themselves , `` Oh , I want to look like her ... '' . Girls trying to be like this disgusting whore will lead of a genration of plastic surgery and eating disorders , and generally a lot of vain people . I know it may not seem like all this could come from a doll , but just think about it . Little girls pick these dolls because thats what they aspire to be like - pretty and popular . But what willn the future generation think of as `` pretty ? '' Definitely not what we grew up with . I personally think that these companies should stop trying to send the message that little girls need to dress like stripper and pile on the make up to be beautiful . Granted , I know Mattel is only doing this to compete with the more popular Bratz dolls , but it just disapoints me that what used to be America 's Sweetheart is now just a filthy slut , and that some people could actually consider her beautiful , and teach their children to do the same . No little girl should want to grow and look and dress like that . `` I THINK ALL MY SCENE DOLLS ARE BEAUTIFUL!ESPECIALY MY SCENEBLING-BLING NOLEE DOLL!I LOVE MY SCENE SSOOO MUCH THAT IF ANY OF MY MY SCENE DOLLS WOULD FALL DOWN I WOULD CRY ! SO DO N'T HATE ON MY SCENE.AND BY THE WAY MATTEL IS THE BEST BRAND EVER!I ALSO DO N'T LIKE BRATZ THERE HEADS ARE TOO BIG AND THERE FEET ARE TOO ! `` Ha . Funny . The only reason this little girl does n't like bratz is because they have big feet . Could America get any more vain ?
 She is alright . Madison and Nolee are less slutty than the rest of them . She looks freakishly pretty . I do n't know if this is try or not , but on this one website it said My Scene will be canceled March 2006 . It is just a rumor . I do n't know if it is true .
 Looks like her lips went through a tranformation . First they 're square , and now they 're circle . They musta had some plastic surgery . Ew ...
 BRATZ ARE NOT THE SAME AS MY SENE AND YOU CANT COPYWRIGHT BELLY RINGS OR HOLLYWOOD THEMES!Um ... they can and Mattel did , they copied Bratz you idiot.THIS IS MY SCENE NOT BRATZ!Big deal , My Scene fans come to Bratz stuff all the time , and we can come here if we want , no matter what you say.IF YOU DO N'T LIKE THE WAR , DONT CONTINUE IT!US ?!?! normally , we talk about how cool a Brazt doll is , and we just say we love it , nothin ' about My Scene dolls , then you no good My Scene fans come and say mean things about Bratz dolls , it is YOU who always starts the war.MY SCENE RCKS ! THEY ARE PRETTIER , MORE FASHIONABLE , AND BETTER THAN BRATZ ! DEAL WITH THAT!See , My Scene dolls copying Bratz dolls has rubbed off on you , now YOU are copying Morgan , BRATZ are prettier more fashionable and better the My Scene dolls , YOU deal with that you idiots .
 the bling-bling thing is not working . they look like they just walked out of a strip club . their trying to be like bratz by wearing short skirts and tops . I would give it 0 stars but amazon would only let give it a 1 star . this is NOT good for a six year old . should be 14 and up . thanks for readingG ` dayjessica .
 Need I say more than just the title ? The My Scene dolls are usually great , like I have said in other reviews , but these are not exactly what I 'd call ` role model material . '
 Okay , listen , people have their own oppinions about this doll . If they think it 's ugly and wrong , then they think that . And when you say `` This doll rocks and you know it '' , well , they do n't know it , cause they do n't think that . Well , here is what I think of My Scene dolls , I think their ugly dolls that are a bad influence on girls , I mean , there are 2 things that makes this doll bad , she has a belly ring , and a slutty outfit . I think Bratz seem like a better doll to have . Okay , maybe they have tatoos , but they were fake . If you ever saw their Rock Angelz movie , you would know , okay , here are some reasons , first , it would take hours to do , and they only have 4 hours to get an outfit , get their hair done , write a song , and all kinds of things , and also , they would have to have a bandage on them for awhile , and at the end of the movie , their tatoos were gone , and if it was real , it would have been permenant , so take that -LRB- and do n't say I proabaly wear a tatoo , cause I never will get a permenant one -RRB- . And My Scene dolls had tatoos , to wear to a birthday party , and putting a tatoo on when being a rock star is tons better . And maybe they had belly rings , but so did My Scene dolls , which counts them to be sluttier . And also , when people say they hate Bratz because they have a big head , or big feet , well , duh , we know that , and if that is your reason , you have problems . I do n't like My Scene dolls cause they have sloppy lips , they have humongous boobs and a huge butt , their too tall to be 16 , and they copy Bratz , and it is indead true . Okay , I went to tons of websites where experts on dolls and companies talk about Barbie , Bratz and My Scene dolls . And on almost all of them , they said Bratz dolls are now almost better then Barbie dolls , which means they are definalty better then My Scene dolls . So Mattel could n't take it , so they copied them , and they admited it too , and so they copy them hoping they will still be better , but Bratz are here , and parents or kids ca n't get rid of them unless Bratz did something that cause kids to do really bad stuff , nothing bad happened , so you people need to get use to them . Well , I think this doll is a bad influence on kids , and is quiet ugly . I would indead get Bratz dolls , who are probably more appropriate for kids .
 What has the world come toO M GI saw this in Toys R Us and let me just say that the skirt seems like its just there to barely cover them up , it is SO short . The outfit is revealing ... If you saw a real 16 year old wearing this would you be okay with your kid idolizing her ?? ummm ... I dont think so . Raise the age at least ... little kids should n't be playing with this . I do n't care if this is 2005/2006 , we have to have a freakin limit.Honestly , I say 13/14 and up . And adult collectors . I would never buy this . If Bratz were wearing this , I would n't buy that doll either . But i love Bratz and there are some cute ones that i buy . The thing is ... Bratz wearing clothes that are a little revealing do n't really look ... . as bad as Barbies or My Scene because barbies and my scenes are taller , with longer legs and bigger chests and backsides so it accentuates them more . But Bratz do n't have that so ... they just look cute . What im trying to say is buy a more appropriate my scene at least . mattel has crossed the line in this collection . they could have still made them `` bling bling '' but with clothes that actually cover their body 's .
 OMFG , totay I just saw this new collection , and get this , they were wearing tatoos on their bellies , two of them , and not jewel tatoos , but real ones , and belly button rings , and tiny tops , and I also , they have ones on their feet , EWWWWWWWWW !!! I can tell why they call them , Street in Style , except they have no style , and they were wearing super slutty stuff , they looked like bad girls , totally innapropriate for kids . Blech !!!!! Bratz are better , get them .
 Hello , my name is Alexandrea Marie Anna Bunitorisua and i am reviewing this doll . I think that this doll is very ugly and wrong . What are toys trying to teach children these days ?!? That it is fine to graduate schools ? Girls should stay home and help their mothers until they are four teen , and then they get married and have children at fifteen . These dolls are very bad for young girls because they make it seem like girls can particapate in sports , which they can not . That is my opinion and i hope you follow by it . its true .
 noope thats just a waste of money to burn the clothes , buy a different line . this line is DISGUSTING !! i now have a newfound respect for my scene . tho i will always be a Bratz LOVA !!!! :D hmmm ... i wish i could design MY OWN doll , man a have alotta ideas . and they wouldnt dress like attention hogs either . . ~ ~ ** Long live Bratz ~ ~ **
 While Nolee seems more on the appropriate side , look at her second dress . Uh-huh ... Mattel has disappointed me and the My Scene gang has n't had a really good line since Shopping Spree and Masquerade Madness . Jammin in Jamaica if you count the boys .
 Although I do like My Scene -LRB- though I really do n't want one -RRB- THIS My Scene is very innapropiate . The clothes are hidious . The make-up is ugly . I just really do n't like this doll . I 'm VERY dissapointed in the company and I will never buy ANY of the Bling Bling group.-tori
 It even said that on the box . And you get tatoos with them . Bratz are so more appropriate , cause not all the dolls have tatoos , and not all of them came with tatoos for you . So HAHA !!! Also in the Year of Style one , Barbie is the winter one , and she 's wearing a mini skirt , with no leggings or anything , and a belly shirt . I hate My Scene dolls . They have ugly lips , and they copy Bratz , all the time , and they look like mutated Barbie dolls . And for the recod , Bratz are so not aliens . Okay , your not MGAE , you do n't say if they are , and their not , okay , we have Barbie dolls , she 's the only realistic looking doll we need , if every doll in the world looked like Barbie , talk about boring . Bratz are totally opposite of Barbie , so MGAE did n't copy them , their will be other dolls int he world becides Barbie , so you ca n't think every doll copied her , cause well , Bratz are here , their very popular , and My Scene dolls are n't and I hope they get canceled , cause they stink !! Bratz are better .
 HAHAHA !! THIS LINE OF MY SCENE DOLLS WAS MADE TO BE THE GREATEST JOKE ON EARTH !! TO ALL MY SCENE FANS WHO SADI BRATZ WERE SLUTTY SHALL SHUT THE F * CK UP AND EAT THEIR WORDS AND SEE WHO IS SLUTTIER NOW . BRATZ RULE MY SCENE DRULE !! MY SCENE SUCK 24/7 !! AND ONE MORE THING ... THIS SHOULD SOO NOT BE CALLED BLING-BLING AND INSTEAD SHLD BE CALLED BLING YA A * S !! SO YA !
 mattel is the worst brand ever . These dolls r so inappropriate ! do not by these dolls the belong in casino dancing in las vegas !
 Still wondering how some of these toys make the market ... We received this as a gift . She is a lovely doll , but the water tattoo features do not work properly . We get the hair to change color perfectly , but the body art tatoos do not cooperate . We 've used very icy water , and still , the body art appears for a few seconds then fades . Frustrating , annoying , glad I did n't spend my own money on it . But we still love the doll because she is beautifully designed , I just wish they would have spend more time working on this flaw .
 This doll is soooooooooooooo ugly.My scene dolls are :98723465873758347583658765876348576349756387456 % times better.Get the my scene dolls insted
 this doll is not fun because i burn it and it still is in one piece darn it these toys are too durable !!!!!! i hate it !!!!!!!!! these toys are so -LRB- ... -RRB- sucky buy them anyway and waste your money .
 I bought this doll for my daughter because she wanted to `` magically '' change the hair color and add color to the arms and torso . Although she loves her doll , we were disappointed because we could n't get the colors to work . I called Mattel to find out if we had a defective doll or if we were n't using it correctly.The person I spoke to from Mattel told me that only the streaky hair will change color . Based on trial and error , I discovered that the water has to be very very warm like bath water in order for the color change to work . My daughter told me that her friends at school are putting the hair into their mouths and sucking on it to change the color . Lukewarm water and cold water -LRB- per instructions -RRB- do not work.I was also told that the patterns on the arms and torso are very subtle and not vibrant like the picture on the box . She told me that the box is deceiving . You have to use icy , very cold water for this to work -LRB- note this temperature water will not work on the hair -RRB- . When my daughter was playing with it at night , we could barely see any patterns . However , it was more noticeable in the daytime in a bright room.Overall a decent doll . I would suggest not buying these dolls just for the `` magic '' features . It 's a good doll for little girls because there are no small parts except for the wand . It would work also as a bath toy although the Mattel person I spoke to did n't recommend soaking it in water too long or it may get waterlogged . I would have given this doll higher marks but I hesitated because of it 's mediocre `` magic '' features .
 My name is Eleanor , I am 6 years old -LRB- writing this with daddy -RRB- - I am very disapointed , that this particular toy does not work like they said it would . right when I started using it I discovered that it didnt work . THere was only 1 bubble sometimes from the fish , It was noisy . My daddy took it back to the storeBye
 My daughter has wanted this item ever since she saw it on TV with tons and tons of bubbles blowing out ... it blows 1 bubble and pops , it is like the arm is not aimed correctly and so the bubble hits the seashell and pops immediatly . Definatly not worth the money I am taking it back to the store .
 Shame on Mattel for selling such a poorly designed and flimsy toy . Ten minutes out of the box and I have already decided to take it back tomorrow morning ! As the previous reviewer said , the arm on the bubble wand keeps coming off . The strap and suction cup provided are not strong enough to hold the vanity to the side of the tub . -LRB- And since this is battery operated , falling into the water would probably not be good for the unit ! -RRB- If you want Mermaidia toys , stick with the dolls and avoid this one !
 The motor is very loud.Not a lot of bubbles are produced as they show in theircommercial.Don ' t waste your money .
 Very cute would have been a keeper if it worked . Bubbles never came out of this thing ... was returned the next day . Better option are the disney bubble blowers . Stitch has been blowing away for a couple of years and other than having to refill the bubble solution bowl and being carefull if moving from one place to another , it works wonderfully . We put it together with my cousins baby incredible and it was awesome , a sea of bubbles .
 I took this toy back to the store the day after my daughter opened it . It made the most awful sound when turned on . I believe the motor was defective . It scared my daughter so much she did n't want a new one . Even without the noise , the bubble wand kept falling off and it is supposed to be a toy you can play with in the tub , but I believe with a motor and batteries , that is not a good idea .
 While this product does have the retro look , it also functions -LRB- improperly -RRB- as though it had been sitting in a warehouse for half a century . Crank this robot up with the included key and you do get sparks in the helmet . However , this robot shuffles in place rather than walks . Danger , Will Robinson ! Danger ! Does not compute !
 NEED TO BE MORE ESPECIFI IN THE DESCRIPTION FOR WICH ONE IS THIS PRODUCTS RUNNING IN REVERCE DIRECCION FOR THE COMOM MINI HELICOPTERS ,
 Got this for my Syma S107g as a replacement rear rotor . It was suggested for it 's increased forward speed.For forward movement , it worked great ! ... at the expense of nearly all reverse movement . Going backward was painfully slow.Then after 4 flights one blade had a crack nearly through the whole thing . The next flight , the blade broke off.I 'm glad I bought the 2 pack rather than the 4 pack.These things are fragile .
 Does not work , installs ok , it is snug enough , but something is wrong , the heli does not take off the ground like the previous reviewer mentioned , no , it is not spinning loose in the hub , i used super glue , way too much money for this , rip off crap
 Not ever one charge and broke but was fun while it was in the air
 THis helicopter is too fine and product for kids ... ca n't really trip the props to get it to fly up or in any intended direction ... need extra props as they tear if impacted hard !
 Finally got these replacement blades in the mail today . I have to different kinds of helicopters . These blades did NOT work on either . Quite upset .
 I bought this for a 2009 havoc heli ... I know ... why try to restore a 2009 havoc heli ... anyway ... took a lot more work than I wanted to put into it ...
 The 10 trains I received did not seem to be a set . Three of them were made of a clearer plastic , and one of those was a brownish tint with glitter . Of the seven solid trains I received that look like the trains in the picture above , three were a shade of blue , and two were a shade of pink . I assumed there would be more variety and the trains would all at least be made of the same type of plastic . I had planned to give them as a gift and was unable to because of these inconsistencies .
 I did not realize that trains came in the set of dominoes so I ordered extra trains . They came from another company and so I paid $ 7.95 shipping to get 10 little plastic trains . I felt really stupid and if it had n't cost me postage to return them , I would have . Amazon needs to make it clearer about the extra postage on an item like this .
 I love Madison but not this one.She is kinda ugly.Do you know what ??? I saw Bling Bling Nolee at ebay and she is so -LRB- ... -RRB- beautiful.I dont want this Madison but my scene goes Hollywood Madison is perfect . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 As a teen -LRB- 17 -RRB- myself I must say even I am dissapointed . Madison is the most clothed doll in this collection and she still looks like a worker of `` the worlds oldest profession '' . This doll dos n't promote the right message to most children who want it , they do n't understand that we -LRB- teens/young adults -RRB- only dress like this at party 's not every day and that not everyone should have random body peircings . These dolls look like plastic Paris Hiltons -LRB- do n't want your baby to be like her do you ? -RRB- . I would n't buy this doll for my niece , but if you do but this doll for the child in your life PLEASE explain to them the rights and wrongs of this doll.P.SSTOP SAYING BLING BLING.WHEN RAPPERS MOVE ON TO A NEW WORD SO SHOULD YOU . THATS THE WAY SLANG WORKS THE WORD IS LIKE 6 + YRS . OLD .
 This girl thats from Detroit is going to beat me up !! OMG ! I 'm soooo frighted of this girl . I 'm from Cicinatti and I 'll kick your @ $ $ . Bring it on ! - zoe
 I hate My Scene they are sooooooo ugly !!!!!!!! They dress like they are in a las vegas strip !!!!!! I think Bratz are sooooooo much better !!!!!!! They only `` good '' -LRB- I cant understand why im saying this -RRB- dolls were the big stuffed -LRB- rag ? -RRB- dolls . -LRB- My buddy ? life size ? -RRB- at least they were dressed properly . Barbie and my scene are soooo dumb !!!!!! Mattel please stop making them !!!!! PARENTS - PLEASE BUY BRATZ INSTEAD !!!!!!!! TAKE IT FROM A DISSAPOINTED GIRL ON CHRISTMAS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I love my scene dolls . I would die for my scene dolls.I do notknow why people like bratz because bratz have huge heads , big feets , and little tiny boodies.My scene dolls are the best dolls in the whole !!! world.Haha , you wish , Bratz dolls are totally better . Look at My Scene dolls , they have sloppy lips , a huge butt and boobs , they wear the worlds sluttiest clothes , their too tall to be 16 -LRB- and too ugly -RRB- and they are super fat . How can people like dolls like these , they are ugly times infinity and slutty time intfinity . And also , Bratz have their own TV show , and movie , and magazine , and electronics , and stuff for your room , they have all that stuff , My Scene dolls do n't cause they suck.I know people might not like my scene dolls but Ido not know why bratz copied from my scene they copied head games , hollywood , and the snow one.Yeah right , everyone knows My Scene dolls copied Bratz , that is why MGAE is sueing them for copying them for a long time . My Scene dolls are no good slutty copycaters.The my scene I LIKE is hollywood , swaping styles , bling bing , secret loker , jamin jamca , mamigetaway , nite & day ; , teentees , birthday , and masqurade madness.I love my scene thank you mattel !!!!!!!!!!!! I do n't thank Mattel for bringing these sluts to our world , these ugly sluts . Bratz dolls are better and prettier and they will always rock . I hope My Scene dolls get canceled . Then we would finally have peace on earth !! MGAE is now the best company on earth , thank you MGAE for bringing us nice pretty and awsome dolls to our world !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Bratz rule My Scene drule .
 What ? YOU guys threaten me , saying that you are gon na beat me up . I hardly use any cuss words . there is NO cuss words in this review !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! all bratz luvas hate u guys becuz u make a big huge deal out of everything !!!! - zoe
 You think celebritys wear those tiny peices of cloth ??? NO , that 's where you are wrong , STRIPPERS wear THOSE type of clothing !!!! Have you noticed that people dressed like Celebritys and if Celebritys DID dress like that , we would have half-naked people walking their dog or shopping at grocey stores . Now , I know I dont see people dress like that . And I know that people DO dress like Celebritys becuase thats what people do !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MY SCEnE SUCK !!!!!!!!
 Can i just say why do u say mga should be sood for those uguly slutty , strippen bratz girlz but wait mattel should be sooded again because look at these myscene bling bling bitches . U all must be wondering why i said again thats because mattel kepped on copieying bratz and i 'll tell u what bratz made the hollywood dolls first . Thats why they just made 2 bratz hollywood dolls and had 2 reuse the outfits beause if they releasd the bratz hollywood yasmin and pheobe it would have it would have been 2 bloody late and 1 more thing bratz rule , mysucks drules .
 Madison 's first outfit is n't as bad as her second . Her second outfit is almost a bra and a micro-mini skirt . oh my gosh ... . and you guys say Bratz wear bad clothing ...
 I purchased this doll for my daughter because it 's physical characteristics , hair and skin tone closely resembled my daughter.But before giving it to my daughter I had to buy extra clothes for the doll because the outfit on this doll is way too far on the side of the wrong message toy companies should be giving our children.I do n't think a doll should promote sexuality or the focus on material `` BLING '' as this one clearly does.I should not have to re-dress a doll in order to make it properly presentable to a child of any age.And to my horror , when I opened the package to re-dress her ... she has a belly button ring!Isn ' t our society in enough trouble without such marketing tactics thrown up as additional obstacles for parents to overcome?Sad for me , this was the only doll available at Xmas time that resembled a child of mixed race . I should n't have to settle for the dark doll or the white doll or the light-skiined doll with WAY too much sex appeal.Wrong message for children !
 This is a skimpy , cheesy clothed doll . The My Scene girls do n't usually have this little amount of clothes on , and they look almost naked . This is not what young girls should be playing with , and they should n't even be seeing this !
 WOW . This dolls hair is so frizzy and ugly , when I first looked at it I thought it was a bush .
 I saw those dolls and EWWWWWW !!!!! They make it look like their wearing punk outftis , and if you think they did n't copy Bratz , then you have a problem , and also , they have tatoos on and belly button rings . they have 2 tatoos on their belly , and one by their shoulder , and one on their foot , not to mention they look like their wearing bras . And Brazt are n't slutty , since they dont ' have many belly , they dont ' look slutty in belly shirts , but My Scene dolls have tons of belly , and when they wear tiny shirts , they looks like slutty ho 's for sure . Also , they are wearing too muich makee-up , it looked like a make-up factory exploded on their face , you see , the Bratz normally wear light color make-up , so it does n't look like their wearing much . Anyways , those doll say bad girls all over it . Also , if you think Bratz have big lips , look at the My Scene dolls NOW . their lips are huge now , especially Nolee 's . Andb cine their heads are too smalle , it looks like their lips are swolen , but since bratz habe always had big lips and have always looked good , they copied them . Oh , and how is it a coincedence that right after the Bratz have a movie about them being singers , Barbie is one . MATELL , YOUR A COPY CATER AND YOU STINK , MGAE IS BETTER AND YOUR JJUTS JEALOUS , AND YOU MY SCENE FANS ARE TOO !!!!!!!
 Hello , my name is Alexandrea Marie Anna Bunitorisua and i am reviewing this doll . I think that this doll is very ugly and wrong . What are toys trying to teach children these days ?!? That it is fine to graduate schools ? Girls should stay home and help their mothers until they are four teen , and then they get married and have children at fifteen . These dolls are very bad for young girls because they make it seem like girls can particapate in sports , which they can not . That is my opinion and i hope you follow by it . its true . Girls are n't supposed to show their pudgy tummies , so i think these dolls are brainwashing little girls into wearing these things !
 The Pooh sent to me had a non-removable Santa hat . This does n't match the picture at all where it is a picture of Pooh with no sort of other decoration . As this is a Christmas present I do n't have to to return it . I 'm sure the little girl receiving it will still enjoy it but I will try not to order from this vendor again .
 Do n't waste your money on these things . I would have given it 0 stars if I could , but that was n't an option . They 're a total waste of money . They rip or tear easily when you 're trying to inflate the things and they do n't do as they are advertised to do .
 The sound for this toy is so bad as to renderit useless I. Regrettably , I had to return itand eat the postage . Nice concept for a toy , butunintelligible audio is not acceptable in a teachingtoy !
 The sound on this toy is awful . Also , the shape of the letters are small with animal drawings on them that make it difficult for kids to distinguish what they are . Also , the spots where you put the letters do not have the matching picture which would make it easier for kids to match up pieces . My kids love puzzles but they are not at all interested in this one .
 This toy burst within the first day of receiving it ! Do not buy this toy ! I am very dissapointed in the quality of this toy !
 My son -LRB- 22 mos -RRB- is totally enamoured with Curious George . I purchased this toy and he did , in fact , really like it . However , I do n't really like the material used to make this toy . It is n't really that soft and he is n't as squishy as you might want him to be . The construction is also pretty shoddy . He was sporting numerous holes after only about a month . I would suggest buying a doll put out by a different company instead . Do n't buy this one .
 When we recieved this Curious George it did not look anything like it did online . My son does not like him at all . He is not soft and looks a little scary . I wish we had not purchased him .
 My problem with this item was not the peron i bought it from , just the size of the plush for the price paid . My wife had always said she wanted a meatwad plush and i had tried for 3 months to get one . I would not again pay this pricew for the item .
 This was a Christmas gift for my granddaughter . It was damaged and had to be shipped back . Hence , not in time for the big day . I ordered the matching rocking chair and received to left sides and it had to be returned also . Needless to say I was a bit pissed off .
 This toy was broken out of the box . The hinges were little plastic bumps that could be easily worn down and/or broken . We were very disappointed and we could n't get the pieces to work as they were supposed to.It was a waste of time and money .
 The ` Scavenger ' toy forms quite a nice construction vehicle , although it is n't anything like a real one , which reduces it 's fun factor - it lacks the identification kids have there . Unfortunately , it has a transformation that is quite simple -LRB- limiting any educational factor you 're likely to get with action figures -RRB- , but not that easy to do , with a few awkward points . It also turns into a green block that really does n't look like a robot in any way . The robot itself does n't even have proper legs , and really does n't look anything like the character that your kids may like in the cartoon.The toy interacts with so called `` mini-cons '' - smaller robots . However , this toy has only one such feature , and it 's basic at best - firing a missile launcher . The minicon can sit inside the truck , which is a nice touch.The minicon toy included with this set however is very good , and a lot of fun . However , since you can purchase of three minicons for about a third of the cost of this toy , it does n't add anything like enough value to make up for the lackluster larger figure.There are much better toys in this assortment , even in a fairly poor line .
 This transformer is about as half-hearted an attempt at making a transfomrer as I can find . The robot mode looks OK at first but you soon realize it does not have any legs ... there is no transforming parts below the waist . The legs are the bulldozer plow that flip to the `` feet '' and attach to 2 pegs on the sides of the grinder wheel . These 2 pegs move with the wheel and give the appearance it 's walking when you push it along.Other than that the vehicle mode looks fantastic . The treads roll & it has a mechanism that pushes the bulldozer plow up & down a little . It has a few noise effects set off by different switches . And it comes with a minicon that can sit in the driver seat & hooks to his side to launch a missile .
 My daughter got this for her 5th birthday , and it really looks cute and fun in the box . Within 5 minutes of playing with it , the small clip that holds the starfish open broke . In addition , the mermaids and other pieces that come with this toy are microscopic . If your kids are like mine , they will lose the items and bug you all day to help them find it . This toy is really cute , but not worth it . Save yourself the hassle . Buy the big barbies and pretend there is a big seashell to play in .
 These bamboo pieces intrigued me but not the kids . They tip easily and the grand kids do n't play with them .
 This is a beautifully made bed with real mattress and sheets ! Has the look and feel of Barbie and Francie 's vintage furniture . Great for the adult collector as well as for children . The other FF furniture pieces go work well with this bed . Packaged nicely , also !
 unique idea but horrible product . if you 're just going for looks , go 4 it . if you 're looking for quality , do n't purchase this item . I 've owned this item for about a year and now it 's in my childs closet just holding toys only . it 's very , very cheaply made and for almost $ 90 bucks it could have atleast come with dividers and a way to close the fake drawers . I had to buy baskets as dividers/containers for the clothes but that did n't last long because after putting the baskets in the doors would n't hold completely . Mind you I did measurments and the baskets did fit but there is no real latches or anything to keep the door closed . That 's my major complaint about the thing is that the doors always just kind of flew open with no real way of securing them . So I finally stopped fighting with it and just let my children put toys inside -LRB- which they do n't -RRB- and that was the end of it . So after a year of owning it , it just does n't get used AT ALL ! It 's just there for decaration .
 I bought these training wheels to fit my daughters 20 '' bike for Christmas . It does not fit . It only fits up to a 16 '' bike . So my daughter could not ride on Christmas day and i had to purchase an additional pair . Please get your sizing right.Krys ... jamaica
 Bought these to go on a Schwinn 20 '' bike and they are just awful . They do n't fit the bike , the wheels are rocky and bolts do not lie flush , we were missing two lock nuts in the package.Need I say more , very disappointing especially to the 7 year old whose new bike had to be taken to a bike shop and have new training wheels purchased and put on to the tune of $ 30 !!!!
 Seller was a fast shipper , but the picture and the BOLD product description indicated this product was original sewries 1 . I ordered it and recieved series 3 world of cars product which made it not a good deal.After receiving my order I looked again at this site and saw in SMALL print at the bottom of the page that the product could vary in series . It was my fault for not carefully reading the entire page , I felt the picture and BOLD description was very misleading.Tony Arden . . Lenoir City , TN
 I have ordered &#34; space sand &#34; from other suppliers that worked much better . This product did not repel water as well as the other products . I would not buy this again or use it in my science demonstrations . I was very disappointed .
 The spinner did n't work . The kids are now spinning it by hand and having a great time . If I had n't spent $ 25 bucks plus 30 mins trying to get the spinner to attach correctly to the spinner plate so it would work as advertised , I might be having as good a time as they are ! I do not recommend this toy .
 I bought this because my son absolutely LOVES the paint spinner . This is the same basic plastic base with an adjustable size spinner wheel to hold the ceramic pieces . However , the ceramic pieces sit much higher in the spinner than the paper would - meanwhile the `` splash shield '' sits at the same height , leaving zero protection against the spraying paint . Also , the paint provided is in MUCH smaller and less user-friendly bottles than the paint spinner bottles . The ceramics supplied are cheap - to be expected - but VERY cheap , and the square plates which are supposed to be hung with a ribbon through pre-cut holes do not have holes . It comes with four square plates and four very small circular plates and then - it 's done.Stick with the original paint spinner and order some refills . This is not a valuable addition to the toy closet .
 Cute ... closest thing to a video game I 'll let my 3-year-old use . I like that the sound is soft on this toy . Makes a good travel toy - better than sticking a DVD in their face during a long car ride .
 This glue was used to contruct the visible V-8 engine . If used moderately , it dries clear or invisiable . However if overdone , it will cloud up the glue joint .
 There are 1 or 2 seconds of delay after a kid hit the button , and the kids will not wait for that time . Without immediate response from the screen , the kids will not know what causes the action in the screen . Good idea but not a good product
 Okay , I 'm not one to write reviews normally , but I had to for this one . Either my daughter is a genius , or this `` game '' is LAME . Although she is 2 1/2 and has known her alphabet since she was 2 , and has been able to count to 10 even before that , I thought maybe this would be fun for her to try . First of all , two of the `` games '' are n't games at all - the shapes one is just a video of a bird drawing 4 shapes , and then it 's over . No interaction at all . The animal one is just lessons on different animals , and the joystick controls which animals you view , but it 's not a game either . The alphabet game only teaches a few letters , and that 's it . You would think it would teach all 26 , but no . The `` feeding the pig '' game counts to 10 , but does n't do much . And the whole DVD intermittently uses the same puppets that were in the infant games . My daughter likes to play this thing , but gets bored quickly . I 'll save it for my next child , and introduce it to him much earlier .
 I bought this for my son who is into pin art , puddy , electronics ect . I chose this one because I was buying other stuff and got free shipping with it . There was no picture so I was going on Amazon Faith ... oops.I wish I had chosen the other more expensive one and just paid the shipping . When I received it I was SHOCKED at the cheapness of it . Tiny and plastic with balls smaller than marbles ! Be smart save your money do n't buy this one .
 Picture makes it look much more substantial than it is . Balls are much smaller than expected and everything else is plastic
 Rather than purchasing this item , it would be much less stressful if you burned the $ 13 this will cost you . Balls go back and forth about 5 times before stopping !!! Newton himself would be disappointed ...
 Beware of this Newton 's Cradle . I bought it at the Tech Museum of Innovation -LRB- San Jose , CA -RRB- . After bringing it home , we opened the sealed box and discovered that all the nylon lines were hopelessly tangled up . Our choice is to throw it away or cut off all the lines and re-string it ourselves .
 Was buying this for my 11 year old niece so I was n't expecting a top of the line item . But I did expect it to work . The balls were not heavy enough to keep the motion going . After a few pitiful back and forth motions it would stop .
 this was so poorly made product . . that i should of just threw my money out the window i would of got a better product if i had . . DONT BUY THIS fishing wire and cardboard crap . .
 Please do not buy this . It comes in a cardboard box and broke immediately upon set up . I 'm surprised Amazon is willing to sell this at all.It deserves no stars , but that 's not an option .
 I was immediately disappointed with this product as soon as i saw the tiny box it came in . That disappointment magnified when i opened it up to see some of the metal balls -LRB- which were tied to the swing poles by fishing line -RRB- dangling from one or no lines . After about 30 minutes of trying to put it back together , i gave up frustrated , and i just threw it away , seriously . Cheap , small , and a waste of money .
 I ordered this for my sister 's birthday . The shipping was OK , though it came in 3-4 days after the other product I ordered that had a 1-3 day processing policy . The cradle is comprised of a piece of plastic flimsy and thin enough that the supports bend inward , and the line holding the balls is fishing line . It arrived with the fishing line tangled , and we had to spend over a half an hour untangling it . After sitting for almost a week , the line is still crimped , and the balls bounce 2 or 3 times before losing momentum . I wish I could return it , but the shipping costs would probably not be worth the price of the cradle .
 this item was very small and made very poorly ive only had it about a week and is already broken .
 My son wanted this for his tenth birthday . It does not work and is extremely flimsy . It is a waste of money .
 Where to start . Yes the price is low so of course it wont be high quality . I knew that going in . I assumed that maybe it was n't as bad as everyone said . As far as the look from a distance , its cute . Small and looks cute . But it ends there . The balls do not bounce right . When they do go they last about 3 seconds . Then the rest start moving all over the place . I had a Newtons Cradle years ago . It was fairly cheap and was over all great . It at least did what it was suppose to do . Im planning on sending this back today . Im so sad and disappointed . Ive been waiting on this to come for over a week . Such a waist of time .
 Come On Amazon , you need to pull this thing off the site . I mean you dont expect a bunch these days for ten bucks , but this item is worth about $ 2 . You know that type of plastic that if ya breath on it too heavy it will crack , well this is it 's weak old Grandmother ! Im sending it back and buying something decent . Probably the worst quality item ive purchased from Amazon to date , I cant recall any other items that I have given 1 star . Peace
 Purchased as a Christmas present for my 13 year old nephew . When opened the supporting strings were all tangled , unusable , very disappointing .
 So I 've been wanting a Newton 's Cradle for quite some time , and I have to say , this particular one belongs in a thrift bin of a swap meet . The picture looks like a decent item , however before I even opened the box I could tell that it was a mistake to purchase this one from the package it came in.The base and `` cradle '' are completely made out of plastic , the balls are not aligned properly and slightly off center through out the chain . There is what appears to be small `` fibers '' on everything -LRB- i 'm assuming leftover plastic shavings -RRB- and the actual physics are horrible.Save yourself the disappointment and money , avoid this particular item like the plague .
 My Bad ... Guess I should have read the reviews ... but was in a hurry to order and get it here for my son 's birthday ... Received today ... it is MINISCULE ! Have n't opened the box yet , but the box is about 3 inches tall ! Now , reading the other reviews , I concur with all .
 This product is so cheaply made that it broke the first day . Once the `` fishing wire '' snapped and broke , there was no way to repair it . Totally Worthless !
 I 've owned a couple of Newton 's Cradles from other manufacturers and enjoyed them very much . I bought this one for my son and it has been very disappointing . The main problem seems to be that the balls are very light . Instead of producing a satisfying effect , swinging the balls produces a lot of clattering , no matter how carefully you start them swinging . Needless to say , this ruins the fun .
 I know that the size is in the description , but its really small . I know its my fault because it does say it , but the box it came in was pleasantly larger and then when you take all the wrapping off of it , it is small . Using after 5 times , the fishing line was kinked . I personally think it was a bit on the expensive side for such a small thing .
 Not made of the most quality materials and is n't super sturdy . A good toy for the office desk , but quality is n't great .
 The wires on this are bent and it does not work properly at all . I was n't expecting high quality for the price , but if it functioned , that would have been nice .
 I thought I was getting a great deal on the classic desktop toy . Instead I got a cheep replica . This is painted chrome colored plastic with fishing string.I truly wish i had read the reviews first .
 DO N'T BUY THIS item ! I purchased two of the Newton 's Cradle items intending to give one as s gift , thinking they were typical `` metal '' balls . What I recieved a few days later in one small padded paper envelope in my mail box , were two small boxes , each about the size of a deck of cards , each one containing the advertised item , except they were only about 2 1/2 '' x 3 '' in size . They were so fragile , they broke easily during assembly ! CHEAP plastic with a chrome coating . JUNK ! EBest enclosed a shipping lable , claiming `` service never compromised '' ! Except , they do n't give you a website or phone no . for customer service ! Garfield B.
 The fishing lines with small balls became entangled right out of the box . Now knotted up like a fisherman 's fly . I was so frustrated I threw it into deep storage for someone else to discover after I 'm gone .
 My son wanted a motion type toy for his room and they break very easily , Not happy with this item .
 i was led to believe that the product was larger - it was a very small product and very cheezy - Needless to say I am very disappointed !
 The product was considerably smaller than any other Newton 's Cradle I have seen -LRB- it is about 4 '' tall , 4 '' wide , and 3 '' deep . -RRB- It demonstrates the principle , but its performance is disappointing . A Newton 's Cradle should show the conservation of momentum and energy . However , this one is so small , and made with ` fishline ' so the elasticity of the line allows the balls to begin swinging in unison -- violating the very principle that it is supposed to be demonstrating . After about forty strikes , the balls are just swinging in harmony , as opposed to in opposition . Instead of showing that the energy of one ball is conserved by moving another ball , it merely shows that the energy is lost into the strings.The small size allows me to demonstrate the concept , but only as a visual reminder of how the viewer has probably seen this occur on a nicer product when they were in school . It is a valid reminder of what a `` Newton 's Cradle '' is , even though it is n't a good one itself .
 I bought this because I 've always liked Newton 's Cradles , but never really got around to buying one ... I figured this would be a decent one to put on my desk as a nice distraction while I 'm working ... However , this product is a waste of money . The lines used to connect the balls to the frame seem to be cheap fishing line ... the frame is flimsy plastic that shakes easily ... and as a result of the decidedly shoddy design , the momentum of the balls is lost in a matter of maybe 10 seconds.I would advise anybody in the market for a Newton 's Cradle to look elsewhere and not even purchase one of these to try it out as it 'd cost you roughly half or more of what you spend on it to have it shipped back for a refund .
 This is a very , very , very cheap and filmsy toy !! It broke at the 2nd month !!!! A piece of crap ...
 Bad quality blade comes off when applying to any high density material . Good overall build .
 do not buy this float they will break after a few weeks . made very cheap , you can also purchase similar floar in local stores
 Just received this package and am very not happy with how it was received.When I ordered this item , I clearly indicated this was a gift . So I 'm wondering why they put a Sticker on the outside of the packaging stating what the item is ? Also it was packaged in a flimsy outer cardboard covering . I would not even call this a box . It had no support , was just barely taped as well . The tape was torn and you could see the contents and there is a HUGE BEND down the entire center of the item.I 'm not even sure I want to give this to my son as a Christmas item anymore as it is damaged -- plus the fact that the surprise factor for my son is gone with that sticker and the item being flimsily wrapped , he has obviously seen it . : -LRB-
 This could be made with the 1/2 '' diameter PVC pipe and fittings from your local hardware at a fraction of the cost and many times the durability . Directions are available on line
 This game broke the first day . The plastic is cheap . It cracked and snapped off within the first 10 minutes . We were conatantly re-attaching pieces during games because they came apart easily . It is a great game to play at home and at the beach , but I am looking for one that is a LOT more durable .
 The game itself is pretty fun . I come from a long line of avid Horseshoe players , so this was a nice game to play since it plays out very similar , yet it has an extra air of challenge -LRB- or ease , however you want to look at it -RRB- . The only problem was that we were cheap , and I guess it 's true that you get what you pay for . This product is terrible . It is n't too sturdy , although I did like the idea that the bottoms were curved so as to maintain balance without putting holes in your yard . The biggest problem was the balls . Being attached to a small rope that you toss , these balls are n't tied on very well and they fall apart with ease . That would n't be so bad if retying them would prove helpful , but at the most it will sustain two more tosses before they have to be retied AGAIN . The game is great , but this particular product is awful . Spend a little more money and get yourself a superior product ; I know I 'm going to !
 Although I received my order quickly the quality of the product was sub-standard . The image shows black tipped feathers , but the ones I received are a blotchy green . Several are in such poor condition that they are unusable . Several more are poorly trimmed or have notches torn out of them . Next time I 'll pay extra and purchase feathers locally .
 only 3 usable feathers in the pack , and those are not prime . ragged , torn , cut , just a mess actually . would NOT recommend this product to anyone .
 Purchased these to replace a feather that my daughter received through Adventure Scouts and it turned out to be a fraction of the quality of the original . I have since reached out to the program leader to get another .
 What I received is not what was pictured in the advertizement . What I got was bag of multicolored chicken feathers , which looked nothing like eagle feathers . What I received worked for my purpose , but was not what I ordered .
 This is not what it appeared to be . Mega Bloks are large and easy for toddlers . This bucket is full of smaller pegged , harder to use pieces . I felt very misled and I feel I wasted my money .
 Like a lot of these drum kits for kids this is more of a toy than an instrument . The hi-hat is basically unusable and drummers understand the importance of the hi-hat . With no real hi-hat or ride cymbal kids ca n't play a groove .
 Bought this one over some of the others because of the digital window . Unfortunately , the mechanism that drives the digital display makes a very loud crack every time the clock goes past the hour mark . There is quite a bit of resistance from the hands at the hour mark . Too much , in fact , for my three year old to advance the hands . It 's quite ridiculous .
 I bought this item after reading a little reviews about it , but it was just like was reviewed . It is good to get young children excited about learning about a `` micro-world '' . But you can also quickly loose their attention if it does n't work really well . The lens is not very clear to make out what you are looking at . You have to keep the specimen very close and still under the scope to make out anything . Not good for kids with little patience
 We just got this microscope for my son 's 10th birthday . We finally got to view a slide provided but the image was not good at all . The eyepiece is too small . The lenses seem to be out of line with the viewing hole in the platform . The projector did not work at all . The filter wheel does not turn . My son did not have a happy birthday with this item and this is what he wanted most . We will return it .
 This is definitely a toy . If you or your child are really interested in learning how to use a microscope and how to make slides . You may want to spend a little more money and get a quality microscope .
 I bought this microscope for my 8 year old on his birthday . He was really excited about using it , but when we got it open and started to play with it , we quickly realized that the light did not work . Needless to say , without the light the microscope is completely useless .
 I ordered this item and was told that the price was wrong and to cancel my order . The price on this order shifted 4 times over 5 days . They offered to RESELL ME the item at almost 3 times the price I paid for it . Amazon tried to contact them to resolve the problem.They ended up canceling the order with NO communication !!! Beware of this company . They lie and do not communicate . I have purchased items off of Amazon and online for years and have never been treated so poorly .
 I bought this for my niece but never ended up using it . I feel like you need an advanced degree in science to figure this out . .
 The description of this product tecnically is correct . I guess I should have known from the price that this was not the `` game '' I grew up with . The original game I played 30 years ago belonged to my father and came with bidding cards -LRB- at least the size of the playing cards , maybe a bit bigger -RRB- and plastic holders to display the bidding cards . This set came with a sub-par deck of cards , 4 bidding wheels -LRB- flimsy cardboard discs w / numbers written on them -RRB- and 4 bidding wheel `` holders '' that can best be described as empty matchbook covers with a notch cut out to display the bid . The worst part is I bought this as a Christmas gift for my Father -LRB- I actually bought 2 of them so my dad , my 3 sisters , my wife , my 10 year old daughter and I could all play at once . We play rounds starting w / 1 card , up to 7 cards and back down to 1 card -RRB- . I 'm probably going to return them .
 You can play this game with a regular deck of cards . I have heard it called `` Oh Hell '' , `` Oh Heck '' , and `` Up and Down the River '' , but its all the same thing . You start by dealing one card to everyone . You go around the circle and bid either 1 or 0 -LRB- since there is only one trick -RRB- . You play the trick like any other trick-based game , but you do n't have to play to win the trick . The only restriction is that you must follow suit . If you get your bid -LRB- and 0 is a valid bid -RRB- , you get 10 points + 1 point for each trick that you won . If you do n't get your bid , you get 1 point for every trick as well.You deal 2 cards for the second round , 3 for the third , etc. until you deal out all the cards or as many as possible for the number of people you are playing with . You can introduce trump by flipping the top card of the remaining deck over once you deal . Why pay ten bucks for this deck when it 's just a regular deck with different rules in the box ?
 Like wizards game game , but not as good . Decided to leave at resort .
 The package came to me in a timely manner and the price was excellent if it had been a nice chair but the chair only weighed 13.5 lbs and it came in a little box I know it had to be assembled but this was suppose to be a chair for my livingroom weighing only 13.5 lbs , my computer chair weighs more , I was so disappointed . I do n't recommend buying furniture from Amazon.com until they get better items in . I would give this zero rating but since I had to put something I give it a 1 star rating for extremely bad .
 Okay , so , maybe I forget to look through all the information when I see a good deal ... but when you look at that picture , what do YOU see ? Let me tell you what I see . I see a nice-sized two-seater loveseat . For 70-ish dollars ? WOOHOO !!!! BUDDHA BE PRAISED !! You know what I saw when i GOT it ? A couch that could barely fit my CAT . In fact , I 'm pretty sure my cat would feel offended that I assumed he 'd enjoy something THIS SMALL.Good job , Amazon , for hiding those dimensions and details about it being a `` child 's '' couch waaaaaaaaaay far down on the page listing ! You 've done the Scammer 's Society of America proud ! Now go out and -- oh , sorry , forgot I could n't say that in a public , online review.Where was I?Oh yes . If you 're a child with no desire for anything colorful or fun , this is for you ! If you are a rich parent who likes to buy really REALLY boring looking furniture for your child , this is for you ! If you are a toy chihuahua , this is for YOU ! If you are ANYONE ELSE in this world , LOOK . SOMEWHERE . ELSE.Ciao !
 It 's 4 star fun because I do wish there are more cards.The quality is terrible ! 1 . The game board is falling apart brand new . They printed the picture on a thin piece of paper and glued it to the board . Well , they did such a poor job that only a small fraction of the paper is actually `` glued '' to the board . Most of the paper is hanging falling off . And when you put your fingers on the board and pick up again , you can hear the sticky `` zizizi ~ ~ ~ '' sound . When you fold it and unfold again , it goes `` zizizizizizizi ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ '' . I was so afraid that one day it will simply stick together folded and wo n't unfold again so I fold it the other way round
 I got this for my 4 and 5 1/2 year olds . It 's a simple chase game , but after each move you act something out . The acting has nothing to do with the goal of the game . The acting would be fun , but my 4 year old was n't interested in acting out the card . Instead , he always acted out a plane . My 5 1/2 year old did n't have the refinement in her movement for anyone to guess what she was doing . There are only 6 game pieces , and really no reason they had to be choking hazards . Since they truly are , I have to keep my 1 year old far away . The quality is poor . The cards are flimsy . Maybe 6 or 7 year olds would have the motor skills ... but would they have the interest ?
 This would have been a great toy if the pieces that are attached by Velcro would n't fall down ALL THE TIME.Any attempt to make this puppet move would result in it losing an arm , or an eye , or the nose ... you get the idea.I thought the point of a puppet is to make it move to interact with the child but there 's no way of doing that with this toy without getting extremely frustrated .
 I should have believed the others ' reviews -- the velcro really is terrible !! The &#34; fur &#34; gets stuck between the velcro grooves and prevents it from sticking to the puppet . I usually love melissa & doug products , but they really failed at this attempt ...
 Do n't get me wrong , this sandpaper is good but I can go up the the hardware store and buy large sheets of any grit for a buck . I do not recommend this product simply because of that fact .
 I used this sandpaper on my model rocket fins made from balsa wood and they did not do to well . Maybe I used them on the wrong item , but i thought it would work ...
 This prism was significantly more expensive that the least expensive but is listed as having a book that goes with it . The book is actually about 2 inches wide and 4 inches long and contains so little that its hard to believe anyone could list it as a `` fun and informative guide book '' . Pass on this one .
 While the description clearly states this product is made out of `` high quality optical glass '' it is in fact made out of plastic . I paid twice as much for this prism specifically because it was advertised as glass . Bad seller
 materiel is soft ... why ????? b ware it scratched immediately sooo soft why even bother if n0ot to get the easy dollar b ware
 I used to use this glue . I hated it . Since I took up RC airplane building , I 've been using cyanoacrylate or wood glue . The cyano dries quickly , and the bond is pretty strong . Wood glue is great , but does n't make waterproof joints . Testor 's wood glue is too thick and difficult to use .
 White glue I think works better . While this is a strong bond , I have scruples against it . It held well , but it ripped apart the wood upon impact worse than I have ever seen white glue do .
 I bought this crib toy on clearance for about half price , and thought I was getting a bargain . Upon getting it home , I could n't get it attached to my daughter 's crib properly . The straps would n't catch on the hooks and it kept falling off . I ended up jimmy-rigging the thing to the crib , using heavy cord through the attachment straps . After a week , the batteries needed to be replaced , but no big deal , it said right on the box that the included demo batteries were n't meant to last long.However , the thing sucks battery power like crazy . It takes 4 C batteries , and we go through a fresh set just about every 8-9 days . Batteries are n't cheap . A package of 10 costs about $ 11 at Sam 's , and we go through two packages every 3 weeks . I do n't know why on earth batteries do n't last longer in this toy , but it 's a MAJOR pain in the butt having to replace them so often . I 've spent almost twice on batteries what I have for the actual toy.My daughter does love it , though . I often hear the music flick on in the middle of the night and it soothes her back to sleep . It 's a nice soft night light , and it really keeps her distracted and calmed at night when she 's fighting sleep . I 'm not sorry I bought it , but due to the maintenance costs , I 'm not sure I 'd recommend it to other moms .
 Bought this soother and the batteries were corroded - even the springs were corroded . How long is this sitting ? Did it get wet in shipping ? This makes me scared to put it by my baby .
 We actually bought this toy resale , so after replacing the batteries after a few days , I did n't think much of it . But then only three days after that the toy started repeating the opening line like a broken record again . It was creepy , annoying and obviously , not soothing . I thought maybe , because I had purchased it resale , that it was just not working . However , after reading other reviews , I realize that it just ate through the batteries in only three days and that the broken record routine is what happens . I am shocked that three C-cell batteries only last three days . While it was soothing when it worked and my 6 month old son loved it , I ca n't afford to replace batteries that frequently so we have abandoned it .
 We really like that this soother has both the projector so the baby can look up and parts that move on the screen for her to watch . She really seems to enjoy it.The problems I have with it are as follows :1 -RRB- After a couple weeks , it makes a horrendous squeek . I know I could probably find a tight screw , as another review pointed out , but honestly do not have time or patience for this2 -RRB- Batteries run out VERY quickly . We have it on the lowest sound setting and batteries run out after only a couple weeks . My other daughter has a very similar toy and batteries last at least a month , but its more like 2-3 months . When the batteries run out , the music starts to skip . You can turn off the projector , and that fixes this problem , but that 's the part my daughter likes the most .3 -RRB- We have had problems with it not shutting off . This may be a function of low battery energy as well . I 've noticed when the batteries run out , it does n't function as it should .
 This thing will eat through batteries . Have to buy new ones at least once a week . If you buy rechargeable they will last 2 to 3 days . I think this is because it is sound activated .
 The soothe and suprise nature light is not what is in the picture . I am very unhappy because I thought I was buying the crib toy that was shown in the picture . The one you actually receive has a big bee on it ... you can find this one in stores everywhere .
 We have had this toy for about 6 months and while we use it only at night/naptime it eats batteries like crazy . When the batteries are running low it repeats `` Its Lullaby time '' in a voice that sounds like it should be in a horror movie and then it squeaks and wont stop running until you remove the batteries.My son enjoys the music but the toy is not very interactive . There is one button to press that starts the music to whatever you as a parent have it set to . The projector on the ceiling is nice , but again it just repeats the same little bugs and bears over and over.As a Momma to 3 boys do n't waste your money on this one , there are much better soothers on the market .
 Do not buy this crib player . It does not attach to the crib well . Before I could get my 10 month old out of the crib after a nap , my three old was playing with it , and the straps failed . Luckily , my son started screaming for me and he was holding it on with his hands , otherwise it would have feel on the baby . This product is going back to Walmart today . I sure wish Leap Frog still made the Dreamscapes Soother , it is the BEST !!!
 Do n't get me wrong ... the concept of this toy if fantastic ... and when it works it is wonderful ... however , it sucks up so many batteries it is not even funny ! It requres 4 C batteries and we replace them at LEAST every 3 weeks ! Not only that but there is something wrong with the toy that makes it stick in the `` on '' position even after you turn it off -LRB- very loud and sqeaky '' . V-Tech knows of this problem but tell you when you call to `` take the batteries our and turn it off and on 20 times to reset it '' . Well , that will work a few times but then the toy is totally broken . AND ... their idea is for you to send it to them and they will take 2 weesk to send you a replacement ... hmm ... is this not a toy marketed to help children sleep ... so we OBVIOUSLY need it at bedtime ! I offered to apy them up front for a new one and they could reimburse me but they would not bend . Needless to say I am QUITE frustrated with V-tech !!!!!!!!!!!!!! If they know it is a problem they should tell you that on the FIRST call so something can be done about it !!! Another creepy side note ... the thing says `` I love you '' in some strange voice to your child ... SCARY!V - Tech has a great idea here and it is the best toy of its type ... however , it does n't work ... looks like they came out with the technology a bit too soon!BTW ... I rated Durability as a 1 and Amazon has it showing as 3 stars ... hmmmm !
 We bought the Soothe and Surprise as a musical soother for the crib at Grandma 's house -LRB- we already had a different brand of musical soother for home -RRB- . My husband was complaining about how it attached to the crib , but I did n't pay too much attention to him because I was busy.The next morning at 6:40 my 14 month old daughter crawled to the end of the crib and stood up to try and turn it on like she does with her other musical crib toy -LRB- she puts herself back to sleep that way -RRB- and she 'd barely jiggled the crib and had n't even touched the machine itself -LRB- I was watching her and praying for another 20 minutes of sleep -RRB- , when it fell off the crib and cracked her right in the head!At first I was mad at my husband ; I was sure he 'd put it on wrong , or had only half-way secured it . Once I got my daughter calmed down -LRB- she has both a bump and a bruise on her forehead from this toy -RRB- I looked it over myself and tried to reattach it.This thing is HAZARDOUS . The straps are just a piece of plastic crap ; they are supposed to slide through the back of the toy , loop over the crib , and hook onto a plastic tab on the back of the strap . Seriously people , I tried it front ways and backwards , tried attaching it criss-cross , -LRB- AFTER following the Vtech instructions on how to attach it -RRB- and no matter which way I threaded the straps or how I attached it , it would let go on it 's own , or with just the slightest jiggle to the crib.Being 14 months old , my daughter has had her fair share of bumps and bruises already , but I could n't stop thinking about what if she 'd been an infant , and she 'd kicked the crib or rolled into it , or I 'd bumped it while checking on her and this thing could have plunged the whole distance of the crib to slam into her face/head . I 'm really displeased . These straps are pathetic , ridiculous , and totally unsafe compared to the infant toys we 've previously purchased . The tabs are n't big enough to be secured safely in the openings ; they easily move in and out , and half the time wo n't even stay hooked without any pressure or aggravation.I wanted to return it immediately , but after discussing it with my husband and deciding that our little one does like the toy -LRB- when it 's not cracking her head -RRB- and we do need a musical crib soother still , we decided we 'll keep it , BUT I 'll be making different , SAFER straps for it myself before it goes back into the crib .
 I bought this for my 7 month old to replace his mobile and he loves it ! My only problem is a horrible crank noise it makes when the wheel turns and the fact that it eats C batteries like caviar ! I do n't mind the battery part because he does play with it before falling asleep to the music and I can always tell when he wakes up because he turns it on . I like the different light selections and the projector and the different choices of music is great too . My 2 year old nephew and my 5 year old son both love to play with it and want their own .
 I 'm on my second Soothe & Surprise Nature Light because the first one squeaked so loudly . Amazon replaced it quickly but the moving parts on the second one also started squeaking . At first it was quiet and I decided I 'd just live with it , but the noise gradually got louder and louder . It was too late to return to Amazon so I contacted V-Tech by e-mail and followed their troubleshooting instructions . When that did n't work , I called them . The only way they will replace it is if I send back mine first . Since I ca n't get my baby to sleep at night without it -LRB- despite the noise -RRB- I really need the replacement first . They were not willing to bend on this policy even when I offered to give my credit card number so they could bill me if they did n't receive the replacement back . I guess I 'll just keep it and hope my baby continues to enjoy listening to squeaking!Despite all that , I do like the toy . My baby did n't take to it instantly though . It does start to act flaky when the batteries start getting weak , so check that first if you 're having problems with it . But I ca n't recommend it to others having had two now that squeak so loudly .
 Many reviews mention a loud noise , I am on my 2nd one and I have a ` clicking ' noise . I bought this for my infant and absolutely love it . I love the flashing lights and that it projects on to the ceiling . The sensor in it is also great -LRB- did n't have any problems like some of the reviewers have -RRB- . My first one broke after a few months and started this clicking where the light that projects on to the ceiling began flashing on and off . I figured it was garbage so I asked for another for Christmas . This one lasted minutes and the same thing happened . Very disappointed because I really like it !!
 This is not a well made product . Good idea in theory - terrible execution . Motor is louder than the music . Definitely NOT a soother for my baby . We sent it back . Try Fisher-Price `` Ocean Wonders '' mobile with remote . Cute mobile and great ceiling light show .
 The descriptions do n't mention the creepy voice that says `` It 's lullabye time '' before it launches into an seriously off-key rendition of Twinkle Twinkle Firefly -LRB- huh ? was there a copyright problem with using `` little star '' ? -RRB- You can press the moon button to skip the first song , so I did n't have too much trouble with this - most of the songs after the first are mercifully without vocals . Later on this same Robo-Mom also says `` I love you '' , which is seriously spooky . Aside from this , the `` amazing 3-D ceiling light '' is really more of a rotating circular slide projection of some cartoon animals , and the bee-and - LED light show on the actual toy looks really old-fashioned . The nature sounds are ok , but I am pretty sure one of the sounds is `` plank of wood tapping against another plank of wood '' . Even with all of this , I was still willing to strap it to my son 's crib and see how he liked it - and within the first five minutes the projector light flickered on and off , and the Robo-Mom got stuck and kept saying `` It 's lullabye time '' over and over .
 Bought this for my 6 month grandson . Worked about 1 week & then quit . Have changed batteries but still does n't work . Guess it was too good to be true ! Spend your money on another crib toy .
 Please see the added edited ending of this review ! I originally gave this a one star rating and said ` Do n't waste your money ' , but I have changed my mind ! Amazon wo n't let me change the stars , but I 'd give it 4 , only because I had to fix it myself with no help from V-Tech ... We already have a battery operated soother on all three of our kid 's bed-rails and yet , when I saw this on sale , I grabbed it up as well , thinking I would replace one of the older models -LRB- in particular , a Leapfrog star-shaped soother called the ` Dreamscapes Soother ' which is just kind of boring and a real battery eater -RRB- . Anyhow , my 19 month old son just loves this new one , and clearly prefered it to the Leapfrog one , but the thing quickly began to emit these awful squeaks that grow louder and louder each day and cause my boy to go from sort-of sleepy to wild-eyed in under a minute ! At least the boring-non-squeaking-or-shrieking Leapfrog actually soothed him to sleep!I called V-tech , and after much inquiry and time spent on the phone I was finally told they no longer make this -LRB- obviously problematic -RRB- version and so would be getting a completely different replacement if I paid to send mine in to them . Good deal ? Not really , plus all of the ` help ' from Vtech on the phone were so nonchalant and uninformed -LRB- three different people -RRB- that I actually do n't think I want another Vtech product ! And the reviews here all confirm my worst suspicions ; that this is a cute but worthless piece of junk . -LRB- old opinion . Check out my new opinion at the end of this -RRB- However , Do buy the older -LRB- 4 yrs old ? and still going strong ! -RRB- Fisher Price Aquarium Soother -LRB- the one with actual water in it , that has a ` mama fishy and baby fishy ' that ` swim ' around - maybe try eBay ? -RRB- . This one keeps my daughter well ` soothed ' every night , with no piercing squeak/shrieks and no creepy voice and pleasant music -LRB- ! -RRB- and also the still available Fisher Price Flutterby Dreams Soother -LRB- with sweet Mama and baby blue birds and the cutest overhead light show -RRB- is my eldest son 's favorite one of all.NEW OPINION
 I love v-tech products . Most of my son 's toys are v-tech . Unfortunately , I am very unhappy with this product . It is supposed to turn on when noise occurs in the room . It does NOT ! Also , it would burn through batteries like they were candy . At least , we think it was a battery problem . The product did n't quit running , it would keep reiterating itself , like a broken record , instead of turning off or continuing the song . Changing the batteries fixed that be we changed them about once a week!Another thing to take note of is that I have a crib with thicker rails-about 4 `` wide and 3 `` thick . The straps do not fit around the crib and we had to zip tie it -LRB- a problem with had with other similar products -RRB- . I think this price is wrong ... I got it at Walmart for $ 25 .
 Bought this item from handhelditmes -LRB- IGG factory -RRB- directly , not through Amazon . Shipping is slow , product arrived is phyically broken.I shipped back for a replacement . The replacement they shipped me is also defective , so I shipped it back for a full refund . They only refunded less than 50 % of my total purchase price , despite their 100 % customer satisfaction policy , and they could n't explain how they come up with the refund amount . I ca n't rate this product but it seems like the product quality is very poor .
 I purchased the mini dragonfly helicopter for my husband on the 5th of December . We did not receive the product until the beginning of January . When we finally got it , the helicopter was defective and would not even turn on . It 's March now and I 'm still battling with the company to get a refund or a replacement . They have so many hoops for you to jump through and often do n't provide the information they require you to include for your return . I have not had a good experience with this company and would never do business with them again . I wish I had taken to heart the first person 's review , then I would n't have to deal with this mess .
 My 2 year old son received this for Christmas , and although he is enjoying it , I 'm wondering if we got an incomplete package ... because the description says it comes with `` 3 Bobblin Clowns Pablo Tyrone and Uniqua that dance and bobble as you roll the train along to Backyardigans music ... `` Ours only came with Pablo . No Tyrone or Uniqua to be had . Is this a fluke or has anyone else had this experience ? Either the description is horribly inaccurate or we just need to try and return ours -LRB- which has of course , been opened ! -RRB- for a complete set.Anyone out there who can share your experience with this ? Thanks !
 I bought the train to go with the Backyardigans Big Top Circus playset , the problem is the figures do n't stay on the train and the two pieces of the train do n't stay together - they keep coming un hooked . My toddler can put it back together by herself , but it comes right back apart . Bad design .
 the pinto horse is covered in scratches , his ears are also slightly chipped . the cow girl doll is very pretty , excepther hands are covered in gray paint some how ! the saddle is well-made and durable but the stirrups are extremely un-even . and the bridle broke the first time i put it on the horse . the saddle pad is the only piece that has nothing wrong with it.sadly , my daughte threw away the box this came with . she says she is very disappointed at the horrible quality of something manufactured by breyer.and she '' demands to get a refund ! '' she personally does n't recommend this product to any persons .
 Some of the cards have white spots on the back . I use the cards at home and hope that no one notices !
 If there was an option `` zero stars '' that what I would be giving . And below zero for durability.Our daughter loves Dora . Highly reluctant to spend that kind of money on a doll from Fisher-Price/Mattel I finally gave up after she grabbed a Dora doll at a playground and we had to pry it off her hands . First - this doll has long hair . This did put our little girl off quite a bit . The length of the hair was not an issue in a week of so because it became so tangled that only giving her a haircut solved the mess . The hair is cheap nylon fiber -LRB- think a costume wig from a Dollar Store -RRB- . The outfit is again something rather cheap - the frills on the outfit unravelled in no time . Even the little bracelet is molded into the wrist . I am done buying Mattel products . I got a designer doll with cute short bob , made a purple T-shirt and orange pants and now I have a happy camper and this doll went straight to the garbage bin.And NickelOdeon Dora just earned a ban on our TV .
 I bought the Vega as a `` first telescope '' for my 5 year old . I thought it would be fun to look at the moon and stars together . It was very difficult to find and focus on the moon with the scope . The view was very shaky and there was no hope of finding stars . We had a better view of the moon and stars with our naked eyes . The 3rd day we had it , the outer lens pushed back into the scope while my 9 year old neice was using it -LRB- I 'm sure a great deal of credit for the mishap goes to her methods -RRB- and was irretrievable . Now , all objects are upside down and using the scope promotes motion sickness . I should have gone for a better built more expensive model that would have lasted longer .
 This product gave the expectation of real , low level astronomical exploration for my son . Unfortunately , it 's difficult to focus precisely , and rather fragile . The viewing eyepiece has too few threads to attach it to the telescope and stripped after just three or four removals and re-attachments . The various lenses could never be set up to really view the heavens . The whole thing turned out rather lame .
 Did not realize it was table top tripod , but that was my oversight , although I was looking for a free standing tripod . Terrible quality . More of a toy for little ones than a telescope to use for real stargazing . I returned it for a refund .
 My 10 - year-old was very excited to get a telescope , but he says he can see things in the sky better with his naked eye than with the scope . Maybe he just has n't figured out how to adjust it properly , but he 's disgusted with it .
 I am a 20 year old male and I got this sofa to put in my room so i can have something more comfortable to sit on when i watch movies or play xobx . But to my surprise this is not for adults maybe if you are 2ft tall and weigh about 30 pounds but i should have looked at the specifics b4 i bought the sofa . But i guess it would be ok for a small child but for the price you may as well get them a themed couch like Cars or Transformers or Disney princess or something .
 PLEASE BE AWARE OF THE HIDDEN `` RETURN '' POLICY OF THIS SELLER ! Any returns are subject to a 15 % RESTOCKING FEE that IS charged to you upon its return , not to mention the cost of reshipping the item back to FANTASY FURNITURE , which will cost you at least $ 50.00 . And what a HUGE disappointment this couch turned out to be ! The pictures and descriptions listed with the products are VERY MISLEADING and DECEIVING . I had originally bought the item for one my medium size dogs , but unless you have a poodle or a cat that you plan to put on it , DO N'T BOTHER GETTING ANY OF THESE COUCHES ! Anything heavier than 15 lb 's will probably overload this couch and break it . Construction properties were quite shabby and cheap . If you plan to purchase this for a child , make sure that your child does n't weigh more than 15-20 lbs , or older than a 2yr . old or they will have outgrown this couch before they even sit on it . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ... LOOK ELSEWHERE FOR SMALL FURNITURE FROM ANOTHER VENDOR .
 This telescope 's potential is ruined by the tripod . With a decent tripod my kids could enjoy the product . The tripod is so shoddy it fell apart during the first use . Unfotunately , it does n't look like you can remount the telescope on a standard tripod.What a waste .
 This was a terrible purchase . We took it out of the boxand the weak point is the tripod . You could n't get ittight enough to be stable for a child to look through it.The other thing to note , even though it was purchasedthrough Amazon , the vendor Fat Brain will only give youstore credit if the box is opened.They are very nice and polite , but still beware that thetypical Amazon 30 day deal does not work with all outsidevendors .
 The telescope itself is OK , although a bit distorted viewing images . But that tripod is a piece of crap . Instead of My granddaughter having a happy time at her birthday , she ended up crying because the tripod broke almost immediately . I looked at the internal parts of the leg adjustment where it broke and could not believe the cheap flimsy plastic locking mechanism . I paid 100 $ for this instrument . I could have bought an Orion for 129 $ . And it would have been built right.Please build a better product . Do n't let the kids cry .
 I would recommend spending a little extra and get the Iwata High performance C -LRB- HB-C -RRB- , now that is will worth the expense !
 I gave this to my daughter today to play with and the first thing she did was put the yellow circle in her moulth !! and almost choked on it . . thank god i was right there to see the entire thing . . the red square is even smaller !! Plus i had to sheild her when the blocks came tumbling down . Wood is not light and have sharp corners . . This toy is going into the garbage !! Too heavy , sharp , and parts are too small . . Save your money and get a better toy !!
 I thought this car was supposed to move ! It does n't do anything but honk , which it only does once after I take out the batteries , replace them , and then put the little man into his seat . After that it just sits there . My LO does n't even look at this toy , much less try to play with it . She learned after the first few tries that her efforts were futile , however I keep trying . What a joke ! Do n't bother .
 The car is awfuly loud ! My 1.5 old daughter got it as a present but was scared to death by it . The second problem is the gearing of the car
 This toy is in desperate need of a quieter setting . It took me a couple of days to put the batteries in it , and during that time my son loved playing with it . Once I installed the batteries and turned it on though , the sound the car made was so loud and startling that my 13M old son cried . He now plays with this much less , and never with the sounds on .
 I was in dire need of a `` cheese '' hat for Halloween and I thought that a cowboy hat would be perfect . It was GREEN felt ! Not `` cheese . '' Needless to say I was less than impressed with the product .
 I ordered this thinking it would be a foam hat but I and received a green hat made of felt material not what was described .
 I bought this as a gift thinking the cheese hat would be awesome for a Greenbay fan . I got a green felt hat . Luckily I got refunded !
 I can not recommend this toy because it LEAKS . My 21 month-old daughter really likes it , but the lower pool began leaking after only a few weeks and we have to put a bucket under it to collect the water . To make matters worse , the legs DO NOT come off once they 're on , so we ca n't even box it up to return it ! I tried everything to get the legs off without breaking the toy and it just is n't possible . Overall just a bad experience , clearly some reviewers have n't had this problem but you 're taking a chance if you buy the table .
 We purchased this table for my 18 month old daughter . She had a blast playing with the table , loved making the water wheel turn . The problemn was that the table leaked , and leaked and then leaked some more . I called customer service and was told to use vaseline until I received my replacement plugs . The vaseline trick worked for all of 15 minutes and then it was leaking again . Finally received the replacement plugs and they did not fix the leaking problem . I ended up having to return the water table . I hated doing having to return it since my daughter enjoyed playing it so much but the leaking was so excessive that it was just not worth it . We ended up getting a water table by Little Tikes and have had a much better experience with it .
 Great idea ... was so excited for my one year old grandson to play with ... however he was a little small yet so 4 yr old sister played with it . She enjoyed it while it lasted ... did n't last long , bottom cracked and would n't hold water . Still a great idea . Just need to make it with a more durable plastic .
 returned it in a day . . the plastic is horrible . . the boats wont even float . . the wheel tower does not stay upright . . i would rather pay 10dollars more , . .
 My 2 y old almost drawn in this table . Not saying it 's not a good toy but you have to watch your child every second . Thank God I did . . She just got it and was playing with it and suddenly I saw her head stuck in the deep part of the table with her legs up . . My daughter is not disabled or stupid in any way . She was reaching for the toy and slipped . It just happened . So it 's not a safe toy ! The boats that the company provides with it are a joke . They do n't float at all.You have to buy your own toys .
 I got this for my 16 month old twin boys . All they do is try to climb on top of it . One of them actually got on top , and it tipped over , and he hit his head . If you buy this , make sure it is on a soft surface . I do not recommend it though .
 I saw this water table at the store and I must say that it was not very exciting . The water funnel is the best part of the table and even that is just okay . The table does not have a lid , which is a serious negative to a water table . I do n't want my kids playing with this inside because they will make a mess , but if they play with it outside , then I have no way to cover it . It will definitely get all gross being outside in the bad weather . Leaves , bugs , dirt and who knows what else will get into this table . Not recommended .
 After reading tons of rave reviews on this toy I was very excited to go purchase one for my 2 1/2 year old daughter for the summer . She already has a Step 2 ladybug sandbox that she absolutely loves so I figured this would be a good addition ... WRONG ! My daughter shows very little interest in it at all and the only thing she does use it for is to climb inside of it and try to use it as a swimming pool which of course is n't very safe . I am dissapointed that she does n't like it and now we are pretty much stuck with an almost brand new toy that will probably get very little use .
 The real problem with this product is that the water tower is not attached . My toddler son would become frustrated when he poured water into it only to see it fall off . I eventually `` made the water tower go away '' . Then it was just a boring / overpriced water table .
 This is a nice little table , but it does n't come apart for storage , which means that ... unless you have a very large basement or storage area in which to keep it in off-season , or do n't mind leaving it outside in the rain and snow , or want to use it as a coffee table in the living room , you 'll be giving it to the neighbor 's kids and letting them worry about it .
 My daughter loves her water table , but there is ONE HUGE problem . The legs do n't come off for ` easy storage ' . You can get the legs back off after you put them on . That is silly to me . Anyway , Love the toy , HATE the design and the fact it wont come apart .
 Purchased this last summer-it had been on the deck all along and found it to be cracked . I will be throwing it out and buy a sturdier one
 The concept of this table was great . It is one piece and nicely laid out but it does not hold the water . The plugs in the bottom leak . We called Step2 and they did not have a fix for the problem so we returned this table . Step2 needs to remove the drain holes at the bottom of the table and this table would be perfect.Wait for the updated version .
 We bought this tent last Christmas and was assured it would be removed from this site . Three days after it being up , I went to move it aside and it snapped and sprayed what appeared like fiberglass - all over my hands . Nearly a year later , I STILL have particles stuck in my right hand and index finger . I dread to think what would have happened if my daughter moved this thing or rolled it over . It 's dangerous ! So pissed to see this back online !!
 A REVIEW FOR MASKING TAPE ? WHAT IS THE WORLD COMING TO ?
 Car was too small - did not get a good indication of size from web site
 This sandbox is not worth the price . It collects the rain water and does not drain well . The lid does not fit properly and allows the water to get in . I 've even removed the plug and it still holds water . I do not recommend this sand box for anyone that wants dry sand . I 've very disappointed and will go back to using my $ 25 sandbox that keeps the sand dry .
 My husband brought this sandbox for our 20 month old daughter . She was so excited when he put it together and filled it with sand . She played in it every day untill it rained . Since the base has groove where the lid is suppose to fit , sand fills in that area and if you do not clean it out every time your child is in it the lid will not fit right and after it rains you now have wet smelly sand . So now you have to keep your child away from the sandbox untill the sand dries . I love the idea of this sandbox , but after you purchase it get the umbrella -LRB- which is not included -RRB- fill it with the endless bags of sand . It is not worth the price tage for something my daughter ca n't use untill the sand dries which can take a month .
 I thought this was the cutest sandbox . Great concept of a sandbox and picnic table combo . My son loves it.I loved it to till it rained . Now I have wet sand . The lid does not fit right . It will keep animals out of it but not the rain . If the company makes the lid larger it would be great . Until then I do n't recommend it .
 I thought it was the cutest thing . My two girls played in it and had a ball ! The next day it rained and they have n't played in it since . It does n't dry out and it keeps getting wet when it rains . I think the top does n't fit good .
 This looks like an ideal toybox but it is not available in any store that I could find and the shipping cost is over $ 150 - more than the purchase price . That is absolutely unacceptable . Why bother ?
 i am a little annoyed . my sandbox has not been delievered yet and i have not seen number to contact the person shipping the item . it has been shipping soon since 8-16-2005 . i gave one star because there is no opption for 0 .
 I bought three of the Dora Friendship Adventure Doll for Christmas 2007 . I have twin girls 4 and a 3 year old girl . The only reason I bought these dolls was because it was on sale for $ 39.99 from amazon and also I thought my three girls would really be excited to have it . However the were excited for the first 5 minutes and after that they never play with the doll again . The doll is too heavy . The head is extremely big . It is dangerous for any toddler without adults supervising . I believe if this doll should fall on a child age two or under they would be serously hurt . I am concerned for my own daughters.Please think carefully before you buy this because I think sometime in the near future there might be a recall because of too many kids getting hurt .
 This doll is definately BIG but that 's the problem . She is SO BIG that she can hardly stand on her own . She has to have her large head and body positioned just right for her to stand on her own which proves to be too difficult even for an adult . She needs to be better balanced to stand easily.Also , her skirt is a bit too tiny -LRB- short -RRB- for her body . If it covers her navel it is disgustingly short for a `` toddler '' doll . It leaves the navel exposed which is not what I want to show my little girl how to dress . I prefer modesty to exposure!Also , her skirt has trouble staying up around her waist . It slides down past her knees . It is very frustrating trying to keep her skirt on ! The skirt is not only short but it is wide at the waist from the get go - not streached out from use.She maybe capable of quite a few phrases but in actuality , she only says about six or so making the doll get `` old '' very quick.I would not recommend this doll at all unless your girl adores Dora , is extremely patient and does n't get bored with very few interactive words . If she was make of a soft material instead of hard plastic she 'd make a good sleep over friend because she spends most of her time lying down instead of standing upDora was a Christmas gift for 2007 and by mid-January she was left to lay on the floor because she was difficult to stand up and is naked from the waist down because her skirt is too big for her . I 'm frustrated by her let alone my daughter who expected a friend her size to play with.Poorly designed . Meant to sell this DORA item to Dora fans who just have to have a life size Dora but does not win in the functionality department.It 's too bad too because my daughter really wanted this doll but I 'm afraid this doll will be available for adoption at the yard sale this summer !
 The only reason why I bought this doll is because I found it for only $ 40 on amazon and that was the total price that I paid including shipping . It arrived in excellent condition . My five year old daughter is very spoiled and normally gets what she wants especially since her birthday is seven days before Christmas . I must say that I was not impressed with this doll even when I saw it in the store . It does not do much more than any other Dora doll . My five year old weighs 44.5 pounds and could not lift this doll without complaint . It took me twenty minutes just to get it out of the box and then after attempting to play with it for less then ten minutes my daughter tells me , `` this Dora is making me frustrated , it is exhuasting ... too big ! '' She told me she wants to take it to Grandma 's house and leave it there . I agree . It is big and everytime it falls , -LRB- because it is not stable -RRB- , you can hear it throughout the house because we have hardwood floors . I think the head alone weighs just as much as my daughter . The clothes are very cheaply made and you can see the threads coming apart , which is okay with me , because my daughter will probably get more use out of the clothing playing dress up then with the doll . Thank goodness , I did not pay the outrageous price of over $ 100 for this doll . -LRB- I even saw this doll advertised for over $ 300 -RRB- . It surely is not worth it . But I ca n't complain because of the price that I paid . It will probably get donated to some other little girl who will love it and then it will be worth the money spent .
 The doll came and was huge . The head of the doll is so heavy it is hard for Dora to stand alone . The hair gets tangled and is very hard to comb for my child . I am not sure I would purchase this product again .
 My daughter likes -LRB- not loves -RRB- this doll . She gets very frustrated because this has to be the worst doll hair in history ! It tangles so bad that you ca n't even comb or brush it . And that IS what little girls like to do when they play with their `` friends / dolls '' . The friendship between Adventure Dora and my daughter is fading fast . Dora is soon to be taking a one way trip to Trashville USA .
 THE DOLL IS HEAVY , MY DAUGHTER CAN NOT EVEN CARRY IT AROUND THE HOUSE EASILY , ITS A STRUGGLE TO MOVE AROUND . BUT , IT IS ADORABLE , IT DOES NOT SAY AS MUCH PHRASES AS IT SAYS IT DOES BUT YOUR CHILD WILL BE THE ENVY OF ALL HER FRIENDS . OVERALL OK , BUT THE THING CAN HURT YOUR KID .
 I bought this doll for my three year old . As with all kids they love Dora Dora . Unfortuately , we are military stationed in Okinawa , Japan and choices here are limited . The doll was ordered on line Dec. 19th for christmas but we have not received it yet . Amazon did a refund for the doll , but I would have preferred the doll as they are hard to get here in Japan . I know my daughter would have loved it as she has so many other Dora products.Out of all the products received through Amazon , this is the only one not to arrived . I , m very pleased with their service thus far , as this was not their faught . It 's somewhere in the mail . Thanks Amazon ... USMC Devil-dog
 If you are ordering a product of this nature - it is extremely important to make sure the product you 're ordering is in the language you speak . My son was very disappointed when he tried to play his new game and it was in Spanish . Not only had I ordered the wrong item , I did n't even notice when I took the packaging off . So , needless to say , this was a useless purchase as no one in our family speaks Spanish ! Because it is a Leapster product I am sure it is a quality item , but unfortunately it is of no use to us and is unreturnable now as well . It would have been nice if the Spanish part was in bigger print , as I had no idea .
 i 'm sure this is great for a spanish kid and since i ca n't read spanish i figured it was giving me the american and spanish title . it should be listed as the spanish version . on top of that the place i bought it from `` s return policy sucks .
 This is not the greatest . Many of the suggested activities are so basic that I think most people have done them with their kids already . But my toddler did enjoy playing with the cards they were printed on ...
 I was expecting something a little more `` high tech '' than what is offered in this product . The materials are VERY fragile so be very careful . This is not something for the younger kids to try on their own and it is even difficult for an adult to put together , in my experience .
 No touch or feel with this ball . It is like a piece of white and yellow plastic . C'mon Wilson , let 's move on to a new model . Cuz this one sucks .
 My 3 year old daughter was really into unicorns and wanted a stuffed one to sleep with so I found this one on Amazon . When we received it , it looked nice and my daughter loved it . She carried it around by the leg as many kids do their stuffed toys but within 2 days , the hoof tore open and the stuffing began to come out . We have sewed it up a couple times and she still plays with it but I wish it would have been constructed a lot better . The hoof to leg stitching seems to be very fragile .
 I got this today , I was planning to give as a gift for my friend 's 7 years daughter . It is way too small , you can not give it as a gift . It does not worse the 7 dollars I paid for it.The size of this unicorn is less than 1/2 of your arm.Looks cheap.I do not recommend it .
 Well , it 's been 30 + years since I needed any kind of hobby paint . But now that I needed some I went back to what I knew , good old Testors , althought this is acrylic and not the good old enamel of my youth . I thought the variety of colors in small sizes and mix of gloss and flat colors was just what I needed . It was just ok . The gloss colors are still ok , they look just like the ones I remember . Unfortunately , so do the flats . As with the enamels of old , the flats are watery and hard to work with and give you a strange shiny but not glossy finish . I went down to the local Michaels/ac Moore/Joanne and got flat acrylics for a very cheap price that are truly flat and in more colors than I could imagine .
 First of all , these pots do not contain enough paint for even one model . Second , the strips that each hold 3 pots can slide out and release all the paint if dropped . These are not good at all .
 This review had to be good or bad , unfortunatly its bad . The ball stayed inflated for a few hours , but then deflates . So pretty much everytime i go outside to play with the ball i have to inflate it .
 This beach ball was the first item on our daughters christmas list to Santa last month . Well , we had to explain to her how the Elves must have been in a hurry making lots of beach balls and SCREWED UP her beach ball because the ball leaks air !!! It will not stay inflated , what a waste .
 This seaming innocent toy when blown up and hit and full force towards somebody can caused great injury . Today my friend is in surgery from such an incident . Please use only in the right situation .
 Ball deflates too often -LRB- they all do -RRB- but its cheap , honestly I would not get any of those balls as they deflate
 They are fine , if you want plastic tracks - a lot of plastic tracks . The regular wooden track trains work with them , but the regular wooden tracks do not . I imagine I did n't read it closely enough , as I thought I was ordering wooden tracks , and was very disappointed when I opened it . My kids still liked them , but they just do n't expand stuff we already have .
 This is NOT part of Thomas wooden railway , which at the time of my purchase was NOT stated in product description or reviews . It is plastic . Now it is going to cost me $ 20 to return it . I 'm throwing it out .
 I bought this for my daughter because it was the only one they had available at Target at the time , but I soon learned that I had wasted my money . Like other reviewers said , it does not fit most shopping carts . It also leaves the sides of the cart completely exposed , which unfortunately happen to be my daughter 's favorite spot to put her hands . My daughter did like the little toys , especially the ones that make sounds , but this product is completely worthless if you 're looking to protect your little one from the filth and germs on shopping carts . At this moment , I am here searching for a better cover .
 Not as easy to put on the cart as I thought . I returned this one after first use when my child had his mouth on the side of the cart where it was not covered . YUK !
 I looked at this product while searching for a cart cover . After seeing it in person I was NOT impressed ! This does not cover the side of the cart -LRB- much less the seat where they are sitting -RRB- ! It has hardly any padding and the toys that are on this can not be changed ... which to me seemed like they would get boring after a while ! I found a product that far exceeds this -LRB- and the Floppy Seat -RRB- ... a Chubby Seat ! It has bungees that you can attach your own toys to and even holds on to a bottle/sippy cup , has lots of padding -LRB- that covers the entire cart -RRB- and lots of fun things you can add to your seat !! Look around before purchasing this -LRB- or any -RRB- cart cover ! chubbyseats
 Once my son grew out of the infant seat , I wanted something to hold him in the shopping cart to keep him amused and protect him from germs . This is n't it ! First of all , it 's impossible to install while holding a child . There 's a series of little velcro tabs that need to be wrapped around the back and front that are hard to manage one handed . The seat belt does n't fit through the back of a standard shopping cart if yours -LRB- like my grocery store does -RRB- has one of those ad placards on the back of the seat . Alternately , the seat belts that come on the grocery cart do n't fit through the holes on the cart cover . After all that , if you do get it all set up and your child inside , the sides of the cart are left open to germs . When all my friends said `` buy a Floppy '' , I thought this would be a better alternative because of the toys and storage - we 're buying a floppy for Christmas . What a waste
 This `` cart cover '' is very poorly designed . The padding is useless and completely pointless . We have to bring blankets and extra cushioning . I do n't even know why they bothered . Also , good luck trying to the get the velcro to stay in place . I 'm curious as to what grocery cart they thought this cover could fit on . It has yet to fit any grocery cart we have put our son in . This was a baby shower gift and I wish we had just returned it to the store before opening it . My mother-in-law ended up making her own cart cover and we are exploring other options as well . Do n't waste your money !
 I purchased this product at Target for my 7 month old daughter . The name INFANTINO does not mean a thing for quality . This product was horrible !!! It did n't cover the sides of the car and it was too small for most carts . The velcro that holds the cart in place always came apart and the Pillow attachment was always falling down behind my daughters back instead of where is should have been . The toys are in a horrible place , they hang too far off the front of the cart , and the spots for carrying things in the back didnt hold things like bottles very well . It was very hard too ! I would recommend something better like the floppy seat , anything but this . ITS A JOKE !!
 I bought this in a pinch at Walmart . It was clear from the start that it was n't going to cover the entire shopping cart from the picture on the box . It did n't phase me until one day my son leaned over and put his mouth on the side of the shopping cart . What do you know ... 3 days later he 's sick . Coincidence?Aside from not fully covering the cart , it is SOOO difficult to setup that it 's impossible to do it with one had while holding my son . I 've had to put him in the basket while I set this up . The velcro that holds the flap over the handle does n't hold very well and quite often when getting my son 's feet thru the seat holes , it will pull apart . The attached toys are ok , but the placement of them is bad , they get hung up on my sons feet and he ends up sitting on them or they get tangled in the seat holes . The back flap doesnt stay put over the back of the cart seat either.Go for the Buggy Bagg , it 's more $ $ $ but well worth the money for far less headaches and more peace of mind knowing your child cant come in contact with a germy shopping cart .
 If zero stars was an option , I would go with that !! Definitely spend the extra $ 10 - $ 20 and get the more expensive version . This is a total waste of money if you are purchasing this product to protect your little one from shopping cart germs !! The velcro strapping is a poor design , so the parts of the cart that DO get covered ... do n't stay that way long b/c the velcro comes loose . And what is the point if the sides are not covered ?? My baby ended up chewing on the side of the cart before I noticed her doing it , and I decided right then and there that this piece of junk is going in the trash ! She can remain in her carrier until the big brown truck delivers the better model I just ordered !! It 's clumbsy and hard to use ... . all around a BOMB!Well ... . one nice thing I can say ... . cute design ... . colorful ... . cute toys I guess , although my 9 month old was bored with them fairly quickly . If you 're just wanting to entertain your baby while shopping , I guess this might be ok .
 I agree with the others ; this thing is such a hassle and does n't even do anything . Get something else .
 This is a really cute product , but not practical at all . I have had 3 big boys -LRB- ages 4 to 6 mo. -RRB- and none could sit in this without pulling the velcro off . Not secure and does n't cover all surfaces . Very disappointing for such a cute cover .
 This thing was awful . I bought it and planned to shop that day . It kept sliding off and it does not cover the sides of the cart . I saw another Mom shopping and she had the one with the elastic . She had also tried this one ONCE and then returned it . I am returning this today !
 This thing is a joke . It slips all over the place and the toys were lost in the first week - he just yanked 'em off and tossed them when I was n't looking . Plus , it does n't cover the sides - I do n't know about your kid but mine has a thing for chewing on EVERYTHING , including shopping carts . This did n't keep him from doing that - he just gnaws on the sides instead of on the handle . Yuck . Spend the extra $ 15-25 and get the big one that goes over the whole cart .
 I bought this shop and play because it seemed like a great product to keep little hands and a little mouth off of dirty shopping carts . The product covers very little of the cart . Also the padding is very thin and does n't add any comfort to the seat . The toys hang too low in the front for the baby to reach . I would recommend getting a Floppy seat instead . I would not recommend this infantino product .
 I thought this would be a great item - a tummy time mat while the baby was really little , and then shopping cart cover when he was older . As a tummy time mat it was ok , though it was annoying how the velcro stuck to the carpet.But as a shopping cart cover , it 's useless ! You can use the strap around the baby as a seat belt , or feed it around the cart , but it 's difficult to do both . It does n't fit over the handles of all shopping carts . The snack cup flops over and wo n't hold a thing . The pea pod backrest is cute , but that 's about the only positive thing I can say about this item.There are a lot of other shopping cart covers that are a lot easier and faster to use . Skip this one .
 This one does n't cover enough of the cart and does n't fit many carts . It 's not worth the trouble . Get one that covers the whole cart !
 I tried this product and three other similar products in the store with the shopping cart and my 10-month-old son . First , I tried the Funny Farmer Shop & Play -LRB- $ 20 at Target -RRB-
 This cart cover does not fit any carts that I 've used it on and when I put my daughter in it , the velcro comes loose . I would n't recommend .
 I was so excited to receive this as a gift for my son . Not only will it prevent him from sucking on a nasty shopping cart , but it would help him to sit up better in a cart.I was sadly disappointed . I was holding him and trying to get it positioned in the cart and all velcroed into the appropriate places , when I realized it was way too small for the cart . It took me a good 5 minutes to get it into the cart , and him into it . Because it did n't fit the cart correctly , I could n't hook him into the safety strap . His legs would n't go through the holes because they were up too high since I had to velcro the front to the handlebar . I ended up hooking it up in a place it did n't go just so he would have something to sit in since I had no place else to put him . He is 8 months old but has just learned to sit up so wobbles side to side . The head rest could n't be used because of the way I had to rig it into the cart . Then he fell side to side and it offered no protection there . Because of the way I had to attach it into the seat , he did n't have access to any of the toys.This was such a disappointment . I want to return it but received it as a gift . I 'd like to purchase a different one . I emailed the company and low and behold , I have not heard from them yet . Not very good customer service.I would not recommend this at all , there are much better and nicer ones out there that will do the job .
 I bought this one because it was cheaper than the others and I thought there could n't be much dfference . WRONG ! It did n't fit on any carts so it slid all over the place , and the toys were too easy to pull off . I returned it and plan to buy one with elastic .
 This cover is very poorly designed . The padding is worthless and provides no cushioning to prevent the metal digging into my baby 's chubby thighs . It 's very cumbersome to attach all the velcro to make it stay in place , and then it 's too narrow and does n't cover the sides . The cup holder in the front does n't grip anything . I do n't know why it 's even there . Now I use the EZ Carry Floppy Seat . It 's much better and covers even Costco-sized carts with plenty of cushioning . I 'd rather buy a home-made cart cover on E-bay than throw money away on this one again .
 I really do not see the need for this product . Honestly , what is the point ? Ok , so you do n't want your precious baby -LRB- which I have three -RRB- to ever touch a dangerous surface ? Let me the first to tell you , children eat bugs and dirt when you are n't looking . So protect them from all of those terrible germs in a shopping cart but they will find a way to defeat your best efforts.Save yourself the time , money and energy and accept the fact that WE -LRB- as adults -RRB- survived shopping carts , dirty sandboxes , bugs , playgrounds , etc. and survived . Boost their immune system and stop giving in to marketing pressure . Your baby will be just fine without such junk . The only thing they NEED is YOUR attention . Trinkets dangling from a protective cover is just plain silly . * sigh *
 My three-year-old daughter received this toy as a gift for Christmas . She likes to play with it and scare me and her father . As a parent I am concerned with the sharp claws on its hands and feet . His tail also has sharp points on it . This is not for the younger child . It does not do much and I do n't feel you get get your monies worth out of this toy .
 The ball came within the time frame indicated at sale , but looked old/worn/dirty when I got it . I do n't want to go through the hassle of sending it back though , but I hope the one I sent my friend for her birthday looked new !
 As a Mom of three kids I love Brain Quest ! I am disapointed with the DVD game ! I can not get the menue button to work on the game and will not let me navagate ! The game also cuts out at the last few words from each question ! However it does not bother my kids so I am going to keep it ! They play this game over watching TV -LRB- Most of the time -RRB- My kids ask every day to do some kind of brain quest weather its with the cards or the DVD game ! I do think they could have done a much better job over all at this game ! With all the high tech stuff out there its very blah ! So this is a review from an adult ! My kids would say differnt ! Over all brain quest needs to step it up and put out a new one!Mom of three on the Cold wet Coast
 There were no instructions for this game , and it advertised coming with cards that were not in the box . I was very embarrassed when my niece and nephew tried to play it over Christmas !
 Aside from being so delicate that you could damage it just getting it out of the box , this thing has a major design flaw ; the long black PLASTIC -LSB- should have been metal -RSB- piece connecting the front ` cockpit/engine ' section to the rear horizontal stabilizer has a hole near the end where all the wires exit -- which means there 's ONLY a tiny sliver of graphite holding the thing together -- so it 's like a flying potato chip . My first landing was pretty soft , yet the thing snapped right off . A piece of junk , IMO , yet another joke made in China . Avoid like the Bird Flu .
 OK , this is a great plane . It flies well and it has tremendous potential as a first trainer . It has virtually no drawbacks and no bad habits in terms of its flying pattern . HOWEVER , the plane has a fatal flaw and that is the very very very very very poor construction of the boom.The thing is so brittle it will not take a hard landing , let along a crash . If Hobbyzone descides to modify the boom , which should be extremely easy to do , this plane will be the best thing in the market for beginners . As it is now , it is essentially useless because it can not do what a beginner needs most
 This plane is terribly fragile . My son has owned the plane less than a week and it is already trashed . The tail design is very poor . Once the joint in the tail breaks -LRB- 45 minutes of flight -RRB- , you must replace the fuselage -LRB- $ 35 -RRB- . DO NOT waste your money !!!
 I am a total beginner at RC airplane . I bought this airplane and was very excited to fly for the first time . I watched the video , read the instruction manual carefully and thoroughly and even played some RC flight simulator software on my PC.I turned the ACT on , checked the wind directions and then I hand launch the plane . The Firebird Phantom was airborne for about 4 seconds and then it took a nose dive and crashed , making the tail broke and the wing dented.After that happened , I went home and read the reviews on the RC forums for this plane . It turned out that the experts said that :1 . The Firebird 's Phantom 's tail is EXTREMELY weak and it will break very easily when it crashes .2 . The ACT program on this plane does not seem to be working.I would not recommend this airplane for a new beginner as I am currently looking for more alternatives . I heard that EasyStar and Super Cub are a good alternatives to the Firebird Phantom . It was definitely very fun watching this plane fly for 4 seconds , but I hate to spend $ 60 just for 4 seconds of flying time .
 My son took this out with my husband . After watching the dvd and charging the batteries , he was so excited for his first flight . They got the airplane up in the air one time and when they tried to turn the airplane around it took a nose dive to the ground and the wing broke off . They did have the auto landing on and it crashed anyway . Very depressing especially after all the money we paid for it .
 This poor little bear had a cigarette burn in her pretty little ballerina skirt . One can only imagine the horrors . She was to be a gift to a real live ballerina but the burn put an end to those plans .
 This toy is no fun ! His arms and legs are hard to fit into their sockets -- frustrating for mom and dad and much too hard for the kids to get them in there just right . Then the guy wo n't stand up without one of his legs or arms falling off . His wise cracks are loud and become annoying before you even get him out of the box . He is not my friend !
 My daughter received this as a Christmas gift . The arms fall off easy and you can not get him to stand up . The eyeball is hard to move , for a child who has small hands . His hat is a big waste , it will not stay on ! This is toy my daughter is going to throw in her closet and forget about .
 The legs on Mike barely stay in and when you can finally get them to stay in they are not level so he can not stand up . The hat doesnt stay on well either . So you basically end up with a one-eyed green ball . Save your money -- Waternoose is my son 's favorite of the Monsters Inc toys .
 My son received this gift from `` Santa '' in December 2001 , and now 9 months later , he 's heading for the trash . The hat is supposed to slide onto the horns on top of his head , but after 9 months of trying desperately to get the hat to stay on , both horns have been pushed completely inside his head and are now rattling around in there . He 's also almost impossible to get to stand up and the paint has rubbed off his rubber face . Save your money , or search for a better made `` Mike '' .
 Arrived before x-mas with a missing piece . Attempted to call the company several times with NO response . While my husband and I scrambled to come up with another gift idea 3 days before x-mas we searched for the amloid company to find out they have an F rating with the Better business bureau . Amazon let us return the item but it was already partially assembled and would n't fit into the return box . Nothing but a HUGE headache ! Take caution before purchasing one of these . To this day the company has NEVER returned my call regarding the missing piece .
 Bottom line
 The packaging was in mint condition . However , it was 3 times the original price . I am a collector and had found the item for less . However ; the other sites were unknown to me or they were not in mint condition . Actually ; I purchased through Amazon because they have always provided excellent service . I will continue to use Amazon . However ; I recommend that Amazon negotiate with their associates to lower their prices especially in an economy that rips off the consumer as as part of their business practices . 2x the original price is the highest that I will pay for a collectible . $ -LSB- ... -RSB- would have been reasonable . This particular variant was not old enough for the price that I paid . The Associate would made a 100 % profit ; since he bought it when it was $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . I will recommend that other collectors not use your Associates . Especially an associate that treats his fellow consumers as marks in the same way that the Wealthy , the Multinational Corporations and The Federal Government do every day . I recommend that all your associates buy `` The Buying of Irag '' DVD from Amazon and maybe it will move you to treat your consumers like you would treat yourself . $ 200 % profit is just not consumer friendly . I will recommend that they only buy directly from Amazon and avoid their associates .
 Why did my version have a sticker on it that says `` Catholic Edition ? '' Nowhere in the product description do I see this indicated . I wanted to use this product with my youth group at church , but I am not Catholic , so this makes me leery of ordering anymore Bible games .
 For those old enough to remember the original AMT Star Trek models , do NOT be confused . This kit contains very small versions of the originals -LRB- which were incredibly cool ! -RRB- , and is overpriced . Whereas the originals -- well known to anyone who was a kid in the 1970 's -- were a foot and a half long with internal lighting , this kit contains three six inch miniature versions.Unless you are a collector or raving Star Trek fan who just wants anything from that franchise , you will be disappointed at the small size and high price of this kit .
 This product contains flimsy materials . The handle bends as you try to push a 18 pound one year old child . The wheels do not spin well and scratch wood floors . For the price it is a rip-off . Maybe $ 40 would be more reasonable.The assembly of this is crazy . There must be 50 parts and the directions are of poor quality.If you try to call the USA service center you get a recorded message stating that the Injusa products are no longer supported but you can BUY replacement parts . Essentially there is no warranty in the USA.Please note that once you purchase it you will likely not be able to return if without paying an arm and leg -LRB- From Great Deals and Offers -RRB- Buyer Beware .
 I have spent my valuable time looking for European toys only to find that 2 out of 5 of these `` German '' toys made in China . German culture should reflect honesty at its best , I thought ... It 's sold by oompa toys , which also let me know in their return form that I will have to pay shipping on the return below $ 65 of value ... Guys , even if you are just distributors , considered recent revelations of Chinese culture , you should let people know that these toys or , at least a number of them are made in China . Got to put `` Ducky '' in the `` Boat '' and send it back to China ... might be cheaper than sending them to OOmpa toys , too .
 The ball came defective . I send it to my niece in Mexico and she put some air but an hour after was flat again . I did n't bother to send it back for replacement or refund because I was going to spend more time and money than what I paid for ball .
 The soft touch ball I received has what appears to be a tear on it . I can see the underlying fabric of the ball through the tear.I am wondering whether it is a defect or actually an inflation hole . It does not look like the inflation holes of my other volleyballs . Can anyone help answer this question here ? Thanks !
 I was disappointed in this game . The reviews made it sound so good ! It 's very easy to memorize where the pieces go as you play the game . To make it harder I suggest the board is turned 45 degrees for each turn . It would be great for kids no older than 13 or 14 . It was not worth the -LSB- money -RSB- it cost with tax and shipping .
 Cool idea , but does n't work very well.The pen has major problems as it leaks all over the place . We already have an Aquadoodle and so I took that pen and used it . Now the color comes through , but the problem is that it still takes forever to dry.So you can basically draw on one side and then the second side and then you 'll have to move onto another toy .
 Tthe color runs and the picture quailty is ugly . Very messing and wet . This was a Christmas gift for my daughter and I wish I kept the receipt so that I could send it back for a refund of my money .
 Colors take awhile to appear.In less than 2 mo. the pen tip is crushed and frayed , like a used up marker . Board is still in good shape though.But my children -LRB- 18 mo. & 32 mo. -RRB- like it so that gives it some redeeming quality .
 I bought this for my grandson who is 21 months old . He loves to color and I had seen the doodle pad that uses water . I thought this would be great for traveling . This is n't good for anything . His great-grandmother got him the doodle pad and he loves it . This piece of junk is junk . You have to really drowned it with water and wait for the colors to appear . I would rate this a -5 if I could .
 This toy was a gift and it is awful . The pen leaks out too much water and makes the picture run . The `` brilliant color '' is a dull grey at best . It takes forever to dry . It makes my three year old son so frustrated we have to take it away .
 This game is worth $ 2 . It consists of only a small gameboard , a handful of cheap pawns , and 2 dice . Total manufacturing cost must be well under a dollar.It has a black die and a white die . The board has a grid with white die values on the first axis , and black die values on the other . You simply place your pawn on the grid where the die values dictate . There is no skill involved . The only possible educational benefit of this game is that kids might learn how to find spots on a grid , a sort of Battleship-trainer , if you will.My 5 , 6 , and 8 year-old children quickly tired of the game , and it was all I could do to finish a single round . Tedious , tiring and boring .
 -LSB- I -RSB- decided to purchase JINX . I was n't expecting `` Game of the Year '' caliber , but this was just boring . There is nothing but luck involved and no excitement was generated . None of us wanted to play it again . JINX is on its way to Salvation Army . I love games and have an extensive collection . Save your money and space in your game closet for one of the many fun games out there .
 This is just plain stupid . No fun at all . The quality of the little board is cheap and I regret having paid good money for it . It will be going to the thrift store tomorrow .
 My family played this game exactly once and put it back on the shelf , most likely for good.The problem with this game is that it 's purely a game of chance . There 's nothing to celebrate when you win , no rivalry between players , and we felt nothing but relief when it ended . The game 's physical design is interesting , and I 'm sure a more engaging set of rules could make it worth your time . As it is , Connect Four is one example of a much more entertaining alternative .
 i am 31 I ca n't figure it out , none of my friends or family members could either . this game is n't very good . . do n't waste your money . . your choice really
 I bought this Gin Rummy game to replace one from Radio Shack that I wore out , and they do n't make anymore . This game has only a few different hands , and repeats them over and over . It does not take long to memorize them and know exactly what the score will be and who will win each hand . Also , it sometimes will not let you win when you have a winning hand . For example , in one hand I had 4 10 's and 8,9 , J , Q&K OF the same suit . It would not allow the 10 of that suit to be played in the straight . Itstead , it kept it with the other 3 10 's to make a set of 4 . Therefore , the 8 & 9 were not playable when it should have been . Also , I would prefer to keep the sound off all them time , but this game requires you to turn the sound off each time a new game begins .
 i got this game for my birthday and spent all day trying to figure it out . the game is vastly different from the one i am used to and even the level 1 is hard , with the computer winning 95 % of the time . takes all the fun out . not to mention , that not all the buttons always work . what a bust . had my husband read the reviews , he would not have spent good money on this game . i 'll go back to solitaire .
 It 's not gin rummy but a version all of it 's own with it 's own built in refusal to allow the player to accomplish moves that are usually in gin rummy , giving the player no options to accomplish true gin rummy plays and the advantage only to it 's built in software . If you like to play gin rummy DO N'T BUY IT .
 The item did not work and it comes with only half the batteries ... If you have to return it be prepared to pay shipping a second time because there isnt an exchange you have to reorder the item !
 Purchased this toy despite the mixed reviews . In hindsight , I should have been more cautious . The gun did not work at all , so it could not be played even once . Workmanship is shoddy and cheap . The toy was manufactured in China ; there is no manufacturer contact at all on the box or the instruction sheet so there is no way to obtain replacement parts if one part does not work . Amazon issued a refund very promptly , but it still does n't fix my kids ' disappointment about their favorite Christmas present not working .
 Product did not work , Buttons would not release to pop cans , used new batteries , at any distance , could only get one to pop one time after twenty tries .
 I was so excited when I purchased this for my 5 year old son , thinking it would be a great way to spend some cold winter afternoons . However , it is still sitting in the same place he unwrapped it nearly a month ago . Although the directions clearly tell you how to shoot and aim appropriately , they are a bit flawed . The gun is not `` calibrated '' to send the infrared beam to the can or bottle . Nothing happens when you aim for the bottle , can , or log . In order to hit the target , you must aim at the bottom edge of the log resting against the table or floor . Once you aim there , you can knock it off every time . Thus , there is nothing realistic about trying to hit the target . Once we showed him where to aim to hit the target -LRB- essentially , the floor -RRB- , the game lost its magic because that makes no sense to a 5 year old . What fun is it to aim at the floor and have a can on a log fly off ? Great idea , just not so well made ...
 Was so excited to get this toy but it doesnt work at all . I would not recommend getting this toy we are very disappointed !!!!
 I bought two of these for my twin nephews ' birthday . They are easily the worst games I have ever purchased ! One of them barely works , and the other does n't work at all . There are other similar games out there that actually function . PLEASE learn from my mistake and do n't waste your money on this toy !
 I purchased this gift for my grandson . We live in Minnesota , he lives in Washington . We had it shipped directly to him , when he opened the box it did n't work . It is an inconvenience to have them box it back up and ship it to us so we can have it exchanged . Needless to say I wo n't ever to that again !
 Online , it looks like this could be a fun toy ... but was surprised to see a very oversized gun in the box upon opening the pkg . Not appropriate for young children at all . May be good for teen or adult entertainment , but would definitely not recommend for a child under 14 .
 My son just opened this up on Christmas morning and it will not work . The batteries in the gun were obviously old and had leaked battery acid inside the gun and it is ruined .
 My son was so excited when he got this but it doesnt work . It makes noises some times but that is it . The only times the &#34; cans and bottles &#34; jump was when the gun was 2 or less inches away . Very disappointed
 While this toy looks great fun to play with it has many faulty issues , you shoot and nothing happens , they have to engineer this toy a tad better .
 Within the 4th time using the one or more of the buttons would either not press down or would not come up . I would have to play around with a screw driver to push up or down . Very disappointed .
 My son was so excited when he got this . We put in the batteries , in the gun and the log , and nothing . No sound , no static , nothing . So , we are in the process of returning . Hopefully we can get another one and it will work .
 I bought this as a gift for someone else and was embarrassed by how cheap it looked when we opened it . To top it off , the sand in the timer was all glued or stuck together so that the only element of the game which you could n't make yourself did n't even work . The parts look like they 're worth less than a $ 0.25 and the boards and pieces are ridiculously cheap . They could 've at least put an extra nickel or two into the spinner , the key element of the game . As it is , I think a kindergartner could make this game in their arts and crafts hour . I 'd recommend traditional word games like Scrabble or Boggle instead of this .
 cute vanity , my daughter choose this one over the Princess one but after a couple of months the hair is a mess ! and now a year later it is totally unmanageable . You can not run a brush through it or fix Dora 's hair . I loved my style head when I was a little girl and wanted to find one of quality for my daughter but this was definitely not worth it !
 I got this for my daugher for her 5th birthday and she LOVED playing with it-as did her 2-year-old little sister . The problem is that once the hair gets tangled up , there is really no coming back from that . The hair on it is so `` plastic-y '' and cheap , that when I try to detangle it , it just stretches and breaks ! I tried to order a replacement Dora head from Fisher Price , but they only sell replacement kits for the accessory pack -LRB- blow dryer , curling iron , barrettes , etc -RRB- - but no head . Alas , it sits in her room and does not get played with at all-will probably give it away to Goodwill or something to make room for something new this year . What a waste of money : /
 I purchased this for my daughter because she loves Dora and likes to play dressup . It 's a fun toy , but the hair on Dora is poor quality . It has become so matted , it can not be combed , basiclly adding less value to the toy . There is n't an easy way to remove the doll head from the vanity set . It 's really not worth the price .
 I bought this expecting it to add to the Settlers of Catan experience . It did n't really enhance the game at all.I was disappointed . I think I played it once before giving it away.As far as durability goes , it 's a single cardboard piece that can be bent easily . Furthermore , the directions for this are printed on the BACK of this cardboard piece . How dumb is that ? You have to scan or copy it if you want to refer to it during the game.NOTE
 Obviously this is a cheap add-on to Catan , but even so , I 'd say it 's not worth it . It hardly changes the game-play at all , such that after a few times playing the game with it included , players started ignoring the fact that it was a different part of the board and did n't even bother collecting `` gold '' .
 This did n't look nearly as fun once we got it . In fact , after reading the directions , it looked confusing and like it did n't have enough pieces to make it work properly with the game . We returned it and did n't even play it . Disappointed
 This game stinks , it must have been manufactured 20 years ago ! It ranks up there with `` Pong '' in the degree of challenge and special effects . Most of the pinball machine parts are a sticker on top of the screen . The vibrating action is random and seems to have nothing to do with what 's happening in the game itself . Do n't bother with this one , it was a major disappointment .
 This game sounded very fun by the description . It was confusing and a waste of time . We gave it away , hopefully it was more entertaining for whomever ended up with it .
 A very disappointing toy . Very flimsy pieces fall apart at the slightest touch . We got this for my 6-yr-old and he was excited -- then we opened the box and he got to use it . Nowhere near the `` playability '' of the 12 '' Joes from my childhood .
 This toy is without instructions as to how it should be used for play . What heighth does one have to get to get it to work ? If you toss it into the air , everything comes off it and is loss if you should be in the back yard , and the parachute still does not open fully . Overpriced ripoff is all I can say . I bought two of them ! I hope you will not make the same mistake .
 We have a shape-sorting truck by shelcore that makes a truck noise and travels across the room . My boys loved it and I wanted to find another . I came across this and was hoping it would be as good . I was highly disappointed . It did shake and make noise , but it did not go across the floor like it was supposed to .
 I have been playing electric bass for 20 + years . I learned the basics on guitar with quite a bit of formal training -LRB- bass , guitar , piano -RRB- . I bought this product for my 6 year old son . He really enjoyed decorating his `` Axe '' with the stickers that came with it . I think they did a good job with the ergonomics of a 6 year old guitar . The issues :1 -RRB- The cable that connects between the guitar and the TV requires a lot of strength to seat properly .2 -RRB- The sensors that sense the strum are not very sensitive and must be strummed very hard . So a big -1 on teaching bad strumming habits that will need to be unlearned later on down the road .3 -RRB- The sensors are not able to pick up anything faster than a quarter note . Do n't expect the kids to get the `` funk '' feel of a pickup note .4 -RRB- The fretting exercises are difficult . They need to focus on 1 string at a time and build up . Apparently they do not understand guitar instruction . After playing Bach Preludes , I struggle to get 75 % of the notes with practice . And then factor in the bad sensors and it is frustrating and nearly impossible . My son will not do the fretting stuff . He hands me the guitar and says its too hard .5 -RRB- The music notation is backwards from what trained musician 's would expect -LRB- lowest pitched notes are highest on the screen -RRB- . So experienced musicians will have a tough time reading the notes . And if the young player gets to a high level of site reading proficiency with this toy , he will need to relearn.So at the end of the day , it is a TOY . Its educational value is not so great . With the some modifications to the hardware design -LRB- sensors -RRB- and some improvment on the games -LRB- fret hand 1 string at a time build up to all six strings -RRB- , this could be a good product . I get the impression this was not well thought out by someone with a musical background .
 My five-year-old is addicted to Guitar Hero , so when I saw this product , I thought it would be a great way to wean him off that game and onto something that would actually help him learn . Unforutnately , the product does n't live up to my expectations . The sound and `` fun '' quality just are n't there . The guitar is n't responsive enough , so he has to strum very hard to get it to recognize any input . The game does n't do enough to teach how to use the guitar , and all the buttons and colors become very confusing . But this is for six years and up , you say ? Well , I have just as much trouble as he does with it.Guitar Hero has already set the bar high for sound quality and graphics . Coming in late to the game , even if it is intended for a younger audience , this product should be of a little higher quality . The benefit was supposed to be that it teaches , but it does a very poor job of that as well.Bottom line
 Unfortunately , the guitar I ordered off Amazon was DOA , so I took it to a local Walmart and they traded me for a working one.As for the guitar itself , I 'm not very impressed.Pros :1 -RRB- It teaches youngsters how to hold the guitar .2 -RRB- A few games teach some basic chords , which can help kids learn chord shapes.Cons :1 -RRB- Strumming the strings produces a horribly grating sound , which , when played by my son while I 'm trying to read a book , breaks my concentration every time . It 's a horrible sound .2 -RRB- The fret buttons , though made smaller for little hands , are still a little too close for comfort for my 5-year-old . The A major chord played in the first position does n't have enough room for him to hold all three buttons down .3 -RRB- It does n't teach kids how to read notes , or even what they are . I only saw mention of notes a few times , and it was n't described what they were , or what they meant . I find it strange to mention the notes so passively , yet not describe their purpose , especially on something that teaches how to play guitar .4 -RRB- The stings do n't always recognize when they are being strummed . Sometimes you can barely touch them and they 'll play , other times , you can strum really hard and it wo n't recognize that you 've strummed .5 -RRB- A bit of an extension of my previous statement
 I purchased this for my grandson 's birthday . When my son set it up and put in the cartridge it did not work ; the video/image was distorted . I gave it a try myself . I followed the directions and the same thing happened , distorted image . Unfortunately there are none left for replacement so I am waiting for a Return Label to return it . Very , very dissapointed !
 this thing is so frustrating !!! im 18 years old and consider myself a rather techno-phile and I get frustrated with this damn thing.sure yeah , its a good idea , a guitar hero rip off that actually teaches you guitar chords . but in practice it is frustrating.yeah any idiot with fingers and the ability to tell colors apart could use this in theory but the problem is , is that when the prompt on screen tells you to press the `` yellow '' and `` blue '' buttons on the neck you realise there are about four buttons of each color ... so wich ones are right ? how do you figure it out ? you have to try about four different combinations before you get it right by chance . its stupid.do your kids a favor , pick up guitar hero . its way more simple and way more fun.btw , i dont actually own it , i just played with it at walmart
 I bought this guitar a few months ago for a Christmas present for my six year old son . I was pretty jazzed thinking it would be a great way for my son to learn guitar . Wrong ! The strumming is fine , but it is the buttons that are impossible to learn . The color coding on the buttons is configured wrong . If you look carefully when playing the games , the colors are in different places on the guitar than what they show on the t.v. screen for the game . Very very confusing AND it is giving you the wrong information on proper chording . I 'm wondering if this is a defect on just some of the guitars . If you do purchase this guitar make sure to check if the color coding is the same on your guitar as it is on the t.v. screen . Do n't throw away that box or receipt until you have done so !
 My son was 5 when we gave him this present . It is a difficult toy , I would recommend more for the 10 + age group . However the most disappointing aspect was that it only lasted two months . My son takes care of his toys , so it was n't due to ` abuse ' . I am glad I only paid $ 25 here on Amazon .
 We are having a lot of problems with this item . I think that the wire to it is faulty . We have to jiggly it around a lot to get it to connect to the TV & sometimes it will not connect .
 We purchased this for our son this past Christmas . When Christmas morning came , the thing barely worked . There seemed to be a short in the connection at the guitar . It did work once , but then failed completely . Prospective buyers should be aware that Mattel discontinued this product after one year . -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- That should tell you something . If you decide to purchase anyway , check the vendors return policy . We had great customer service through Kazizuri , so we were able to return it . Still , it 's not worth the disappointment and hassle .
 I bought this from another online retailer in December ' 08 . It worked for about a week and then started going haywire . I called the Fisher-Price hotline and they have discontinued the model . They 'll give me a voucher towards another FP product but ca n't replace or repair the guitar . Very disappointing for my son .
 the light is difficult -LRB- even for an adult -RRB- to push and hold the button and the light only flickers , even with brand new batteries .
 Product does n't do what I thought it would do . The kids get a kick out of putting the `` instruments '' into the hole , but no interest in creating music .
 This game did n't come with any instructions on how to play with it . You just plug in different `` instruments '' to create music . But the music is not cohesive ; it just sounds like noise . Both my 2 year-old girl and 4 year-old boy were immediately bored with this . It is well-made , but it 's frustrating keeping track of all the pieces . After only 3 months , I am donating it to my local church . I expected more from the makers of Lego .
 I followed the directions and ended up with sludge and not much growth . Some of the ones that did grow broke during the process . My bet is on the rocks being too old .
 I loved this as a kid , but I 've been twice disappointed when I bought it for my own children . Just like others , we have gotten the sludge at the bottom of the tank . However , I have a few suggestions that might help . -LRB- 1 -RRB- Mix the solution really well . The gel that they provide is so heavy that it sinks to the bottom of the tank and promotes growth spreading out along the bottom , rather than up . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Use 1/3 of the rocks to make the bedrock for the second batch . We did get the sludge with these rocks , but it is true that the second batch needs to be placed on this bedrock rather than on a sludge-free place in the tank . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Our most useful discovery was when we suspected the rocks are old and oxidized . I scraped the surfaces of each rock with a nail file to expose new material . -LRB- 4 -RRB- I have n't completely solved the problem of the rocks growing up and spreading out across the surface of the water , but I suspect that scraping all of the surfaces will promote multiple slender columns rather than one chimney that reaches the water 's surface and then spreads out . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Because the rock scraping is time consuming and I am still experimenting with the product , I have not yet poured out the old solution and replaced it with fresh water . If I had been more on top of that -LRB- growing them in a day rather than over the course of a week -RRB- , I might have been able to preserve the intense colors of the rocks.I hope these suggestions help , or at least spur new thinking on how to make these rocks grow beautifully like they did in the ` good old days ! '
 I was extremely excited when I finally found magic rocks could still be purchased today . I remember them from my childhood . My family and I would gather around , mix the magic solution , place the rocks , and eagerly wait for them to start growing . I would check the daily and watch my minature underworld come to life . Amazingly , the magic rocks would grow all the way to the top , and I would delight in the magic.My recent order proved other than magic ... I followed the directions to a tee , waited for the magic . Nothing other than a couple weak stalagmites grew in my underwater world . The rest of the rocks turned into a sludge of dissapointment . Maybe next time I 'll spend my fifteen bucks elsewhere .
 My son and I were both excited about this fun-sounding kit but were disappointed with the outcome . The instructions make sure to warn you of the damage that can occur if the subtance touches anything -LRB- `` damage can occur within 10 seconds ... '' -RRB- , so that left me feeling a bit unhappy about even having it in my house . With that in mind , we did follow the directions perfectly and were happy about the tiny beginnings of a few stalagmites - or stalagtites - -LRB- I always get them mixed up -RRB- within the first 30 minutes . But over the next few hours there was no more growth ! Instead , an ugly mass of goo collected on top of the water and the rocks that had begun to grow seemed to disintergrate and bleach out . Very unspectacular . The most exciting part ended up being figuring out how to dispose of the goo.Don ' t bother with this kit . Waste of money and time .
 Years ago , when I was a kid , these `` magic rocks '' really worked ! Now-a-days , it 's pure junk ! Rocks did n't grow or perform , cloudy water , sludgy mess on bottom , leaky tank , ruined table top ! We followed directions to the tee ! Do n't waste your money on this - your kids will be very disappointed !
 Does not work as advertised . Dont expect the nice pretty picture on the box . Other crystal projects are better . goodluck
 My husband enjoyed `` Marvel the Mustang '' as a small child -LRB- back in the late 1960 's and early 1970 's -RRB- so much that we decided to buy one for our 2 1/2 year old daughter last Christmas . My husband says that this ca n't be the same toy that he loved as a small child . The spring action in this little guy is so stiff that not even my 10 year old could loosen it up for her little sister to ride on ! My youngest daughter is now almost 3 years old and is very strong -LRB- weighing in at about 36 pounds -RRB- , yet she still ca n't get Marvel to move like he is supposed to . She gets so discouraged with this toy that it rarely ever sees the outside of our storage shed . What a waste of money ! I absolutely DO NOT recommend this toy !
 When I opened the box the first thing I noticed was that there were no assemby instructions . As I was unloading the parts I noticed that the toy is extremely dangerously manufactured . It included metal foot pegs that have obviously been die-cut and the edges are jagged and RAZOR sharp . The bolts supplied to attach the head of the horse to the body are about a quarter of an inch longer than the receiving , pre-drilled hole so about 1/4 inch of the bolt juts out to the side of the horse 's neck in a perfect spot for a small kid 's face to hit . The `` ride-on '' toy ca n't even be ridden because the wheels are warped and therefore ca n't roll without shearing off slivers of plastic on the sharp metal wheel housing . I absolutely can not believe that Amazon and ToysRUs sells this thing ! It 's like something you 'd find in a bazar in a third-world country !
 My son got this for his second christmas . He was 20 months old . The springs on this horse were so stiff he couldnt do anything with it . You are supposed to push downwards with your weight and it `` inches '' forward . He couldnt do it at all . The only play he ever got out of it was climbing on and off it a few times . The sound maker -LRB- located at the horses face -RRB- fell out shortly after getting it also , and wouldnt stay in place . Sold it at a fleamarket for a couple dollars .
 Was so excited to find this for my daughter . We had had one as children . Could n't loosen it enough for her to bounce -LRB- she 's around 30lbs , 2 years old -RRB- but she still liked sitting on it and pulling it around . We had to put it in bed with her -LRB- her new `` best friend '' -RRB- . On the 2ND day , the bolt and screw attaching the spring came off . Easy to fix `` if '' you could reach it . It 's now sitting in a box , torso , legs , and head , awaiting jigsaw surgery . Save your money !
 Marvel The Mustang was NOT made by Marx Toys . It was made under license by some outfit called ` Amloid Corporation ' . Need parts , help , a refund , want to complain ? Call Amloid at 973-328-0654 x16
 I guess I was expecting more out of these leave window decals . I just did n't find them attractive after placing them on my window , they seem very cheap , I guess because they are cheap.I threw them away .
 I love the look and color of the leaves but they are only 1 sided . What is seen from the other side of the window is white . That defeated the whole reason I purchased these . I wanted to display them in my windows so they could be seen from both the inside as well as the outside .
 # 2 required review does not apply to this review but I ca n't move on without filling it in !! Very poor way to rate this product !! It is NOT a toy !!!!! The quality of these characters is very good . Goes great with the Suzy 's Zoo `` Welcome '' Banner that I already had .
 Banana plugs are OK but the grabbers are of poor quality . The Button easily misaligns with the body making it difficult to engage . The hook is much too flexible . I will cut off the grabbers and replace them with decent ones .
 This grabber set was barely functional . It took a good 5 - 10 minutes with a set of pliers to get the spring and hook to fit together properly so that it could even extend out to grip a wire . Much of that time was spent bending the ` hook ' from the straight position that it arrived in . Its not that I minded spending a bit of time fixing the product , but considering that there are so many other options within $ 1 or $ 2 of the price of these , I would recommend buying one of those that does n't require manual adjustments before use.Also , when the description says ` mini ` grabber they mean MINI . These are probably most appropriate for 22 + gauge wire . I was expecting something more in the 12 gauge range .
 For 8 bucks these things are junk . They are flimsy and short and stupid to boot . Spend a little extra and buy a decent quality . If the price was 50 cents , then I guess I would n't be so critical .
 EDIT # 2
 The banana plug ends of these leads have retractable plastic sheaths , which at first I thought was a nice touch . Unfortunately , they are spring-loaded , and the spring action is strong enough that it pushes the leads out of the banana plug ! This happens on several instruments ; it 's not an oddball jack that is causing the problem . So , you 're testing away and suddenly the lead pops out of the jack . Too clever by half .
 Minigrabber test leads broke within days of use . I used them to clamp on a wire 3 times and one of the leads snapped . Poor Quality item and I do not recommend .
 Yes , they technically work - they do conduct electricity , after all . But the actual grabbers are horrible . I figured the other reviewers were just whiny - do n't make the same mistake I did . They often catch and have to be rotated around to make them work , and the black one already does n't extend all the way -LRB- interestingly , it did when it was `` new '' - not within three hours , though -RRB- . They 're chunky enough that I can just use a small alligator clip on anything I can get these onto . Never again .
 The metal clips in this test lead set are so soft they bent on the first use . I tried to save a couple of bucks and as usual it wasa mistake . Buy Ponoma and you will be much happier with the quality .
 These cables gave me less than a year of mild use . The connection of the cable into the grabbers started coming loose and fraying , and in the end failed.The grabbers are mushy ; I had to keep adjusting the hook on the grabbers with a pair of pliers to make them stay where I hooked them up.I 'm looking for something better now , but it may be that I have to solder my own to get good quality cables -- cheap junk like this may have driven quality cables out of the market .
 Grabber fell apart first time I used it . The plastic housing came apart and the grabber wire is made of a soft metal that bends easily.It 's as if they made a product that looked just like a minigrabber but did n't actually care if it worked .
 The mini grabbers do not extend from the plastic sleeve very far , Makes it difficult to connect to a wire or terminal . Impossible to connect to some larger test points . Requires a lot of pressure to extend the tip so disconnecting creates too much pressure at the connection point . Very limited in usefulness . Would prefer the mini be a bigger mini .
 Product concept is good and simple . I like that you can plug other banana jacks into the back of the connector to piggy back another lead . Unfortunately on the one I got the minigrabber end came unsoldered almost immediately . Amazon offered a refund , but its not really worth the hassle for a cheap product . You get what you pay for .
 I thought this would be fun , but it is extremely messy and the chalk does n't mark all that neatly . Once the kids are done , they are covered in chalk dust . I ca n't imagine it 's good to breathe in , either . Unless you go out there to give the sidewalk a good washing , the markings do stay on the sidewalk for a long time.I would n't recommend giving this as a gift to any child , unless you harbor a deep-seated dislike for the parent . If you are buying it for your child , you have been forewarned . Proceed at your own risk .
 We bought this item for our son 's birthday . We assembled it exactly as shown in the directions . The cars do not launch properly into the loop - we have yet to have one car make it through the entire track . Also , when you place cars to `` launch '' and `` crash '' they shoot clear across the room . One knocked our daughter in the chest!Not worth what we spent on the item and we are finding ourselves increasingly dissappointed with Hot Wheels items .
 I purchased this item yesterday , also set it up as shown . There is a little plastic gray piece that sticks up and doesnt let the cars go through . We have yet also to get ONE car through . A huge disappointment to my son who was excited about it . But I called Mattel and they gave me a gift card for the amount i purchased it for . Great customer service . I think this product should be recalled because the cars do shoot back at you at an alarming speed . Hit my son in the head .
 It looks like there is a ` safety catch ' on the first ramp that stops the car right out of the gate . No idea what it is there for , or how it is supposed to be set -- there is no mention of it in the instructions or Mattel 's support site . As such it does n't work at all .
 We got this for our 6 year old son for Christmas , and what a disappointment . We followed the advice of a previous reviewer and got Hotweels cars specifically marked for the race tracks -LRB- think they 're called Race Stars ? -RRB- . Anyway , it still did n't work . I think we got one car to go around the track twice , and after that ... nothing . And we were careful to follow the instructions . We are planning to return the toy , and hopefully find something that will work . But that does n't make up for a disappointed kid on Christmas morning .
 This toy looks like it would be a lot of fun if it actually worked as it 's supposed to . It is almost impossible for the cars to stay on the track yet alone go through the loop . In addition , it 's poorly made . The track pieces come apart with the slightes move . Do n't waste your money .
 This is the -LSB- ... -RSB- thing i 've bought in my buying history!the only good thing about it is that it came with a jump!the engine was EXTREMLY LOUD!you have to have a really light car to do it , but it can not be to light so you have to pick the perfect car.and it is boring ! the preview i saw made it look so cool!to conclude , -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My son did not like this plane because it would not get off the ground.It went around in circles then one of the wings broke in half . I would not recommend buying this plane !!!
 This game looks attractive . It is colorful and fairly durable . However , game play is very slow and boring . The activities at the station stops are lame and not engaging . Landing on the station stop stars to win the game can literally take two hours . No child has that kind of attention span . I would not recommend this game to anyone . I would not buy it again . Pick another game !
 Our 4 year old got this as a Christmas present . Board is attractive , the pieces seem durable , but once it comes out of the box , the whole experience turns south.The pieces are far too large and cumbersome for the board . You can have multiple pieces on one `` stop '' on the board , but there 's nowhere near enough room . If you are n't careful , it 's hard to even figure out which space a piece is on.As others have said , the whole game is incredibly monotonous . You can go around the board for hours , never landing on the target stops you need to complete the activities and win the game . I had to cheat to make sure we finished the game in under an hour , for my sanity and my child 's . If you need to cheat at a kids game , then some game designer blew it.Once you do land on activity , they are honestly pointless . They have no relationship to the Thomas universe , there 's no way to win or lose them , and they are n't terribly educational . Other than learning to count , I do n't see any educational value at all in the game . So perhaps suitable for a 3-year-old , but any older and there 's not nearly enough meat here.The whole thing reeks of a shoddily put together brand-exploitation to pitch at Thomas live events as an impulse buy . I 'm convinced that the designers never played this with children . Do n't bother , when there are so many great real games out there . Go with `` Sorry '' if you want a great game with similar gameplay , but far more repeat playability , better pacing , and at least a modicum of strategy .
 Game is very slow for two players . It takes lots of moves to land on the `` special activity '' squares ... and then it 's complicated by not doing the special activity unless it 's one of your `` special ticket '' items . The only thing `` Thomas '' about it is that the 4 playing pieces are Thomas characters . My 4-year-old grandson who LOVES all things Thomas loses interest quickly .
 I orderd this game just for something alittle different that other board games . The playing pieces are sturdy but very large for the small board . It is hard to see where you are when marching around the board . Directions are not clear and the kids get bored before we are halfway around . Stick with Sorry or Monopoly .
 WARNING These are NOT large dominos as stated . They are the mini size , only 1 1/2 &#34; X 1/2 &#34;
 Looking at these kingpins ? Chances are , yours bent . It 's a well-known flaw that the kingpins on Traxxas 2WDs bend all day long . So do n't just get more ; they 'll bend too ! What you really need are aluminum caster blocks , Traxxas 3632A Aluminum Caster Blocks Anodized - Blue . They 've done the trick for me and countless others . Nice thing is , they come with screw-in kingpins so wo n't have to fiddle around with annoying e-clips ever again .
 I will not order from this company again . A beautiful extra-large laminated anatomy poster with brilliant graphics was FOLDED twice to fit in a box that had ample space for it to ship rolled in a cylinder . It 's just a shame that they did n't take better care in preserving the integrity of their product !
 thank god i didnt pay money for these ... crappy adhesive . probably better than nothing , but will fall off by themselves with a few bumps .
 Went to the store to look at these items today ; glad we did.Family and I LOVED the Narnia stories and are looking forward to the movie . Decided to check out the toys and were pretty disappointed ... The figures look very cheap . -LRB- And they are n't cheap in price by any stretch . -RRB- Even compared to most kids toys out there today . They really reminded me of the plastic farm animals and soldier toys of MY childhood . Even the toys for very small children -LRB- such as Fisher Price imaginex , for instance -RRB- have more color , detail and character.The human figures look very childishly done with big cartoony faces and more serious looking armor and bodies , and most of the animals look , as I said , just like old plastic farm animals . The wolf , for instance , is a non-posable , unattractive lump of plastic . The articulation on some figures , like Aslan the lion , make them look silly.With all the great figure toys out there for kids of all ages , these were a big disappointment , and we did not end up purchasing.A very unappealing bunch of toys . Especially from such a hyped movie release !
 i was gon na use this for by little brother birthday toy but then right when i about to ship it there were non left.lesson here always be prereped !
 Terrible Product . Opening doors and hood fall off , steering does n't work and paint chips off easily .
 We bought these for our 11 month old twins that LOVE music . However , after a few days , we noticed both of them were covered in black ink and could not figure out where it was coming from . We then discovered that it was the ink on their egg shakers ! Who knows what is in the ink and they have been eating it for a couple of days now . :--LRB- Very disappointed ...
 My 2-year-old loved this thing . Until he dropped it accidentally on the vinyl floor in the kitchen and it broke open scattering bazillions of tiny little black balls all over the floor . They were a nightmare to clean up . The little balls were so ... squirrely ! And I did not want the kids to eat them ... what material exactly are they ? Anyway , we wo n't be using these anymore ! I guess if I really had to I would tape them !
 the sound is sharp and slow . If you use shaker eggs in your music like I do , you wo n't like these . But if you are looking for a kids toy , they are solid . I use shaker eggs alot when we are playing , and like to hand them out to the audience to play too , but I was a little dissappointed with these . The `` Eggz '' are much better , just not pretty .
 I really wanted to like these better ... I bought these as give aways to children when I was doing a lesson on rhythm at a gathering of families at our church . As a classically trained percussionist I am very picky about the instruments I buy , based aolmost entirely on the quality of sound they produce . Be that samdards that are adequate . This product lost points because because a few of them broke within a couple of minutes . I 'm glad I bought extras .
 I am completely obsessed with buying new toys for my kids and when I saw these shakers I had to get them . I love buying toys for my small child that has colors and simple sound . I find that the right type of sound can hypnotize and entrance a child for a long time . I handed these shakers to my child and he played with it for 5 min and never touched it again . Its very odd because he loved other shaking type toys . I 've given up trying to figure out why ... my conclusion is this toys is just too boring for my kids .
 Ordered this months ago and never received the item . Eventually just canceled the order .
 the cue was shipped quickly . i was a little disappointed when i received a big canton with two sticks loose inside . the package was very poor . the plastic was broken . somebody had opened it.but the cue is quite good . helped me in a few games .
 The toy gun shoots suction cup darts . . that is if you figure out the you have to not pull the trigger back ... but instead make it go down ... if that sounds dumb , you ought to see this piece of junk . . most of the items in the kit are down right terrible .
 I needed something to get my order to $ 25 to get my Super Saver shipping , so I got this for my son . It really sucks ! No on/off switch , and it rattles when it runs , and the pieces are hard to move/use . The music is loud and annoying .
 It was easy to put together even for a grandmother -LRB- me -RRB- the night before Christmas . Very lightweight . But eventho my grandson is not overweight but tall for a barely 1 year old the seat was too small . And because he is just one he is not capable of safely holding on to ride or get on by himself yet . So I would say to future purchasers , there may be a time after he outgrows the safety seat to put the toy aside until your child can climb on and rock by himself .
 We bought this for my huge infant because he reached the weight limit of his other movement toys and this could be used at nine months . We think it was a waste of money . It does n't bounce well . It slides all over the place . He fell out of it more than once . The restraint really works best for smaller kids . At 9months he had really reached the limit and it pinched his thighs.We sold it after a few months even though I am pregnant with our second . Not worth the storage space .
 When I first received this hideous doll from my Aunt May , I almost threw up . This has no resemblance to the Daniel I once knew . He was bold and dashing . This doll is plastic and fake . He has no true personality . This whole Swan Lake idea was just another money-making festival for Mattel . Someday , I hope they realize it 's over .
 The MRC Symphony 77 Sound Station was a complete surprise when I received it . The quality is much less than is typically expected when one purchases a product from MRC . The way they advertise their system , you almost come away with the understanding that the sould level on this thing would really blast out the railroad sounds when it 's just the opposite of that . The sound would be compared to the golden era of the pocket transistor radio . I was extremely disappointed with this purchase . Even the quality of the materials used in the hand unit & speaker boxes is much less than one expects from MRC as well . If you 're looking for simple train sounds & not that particular about realism , I guess this Symphony 77 would work however , if you 're looking for `` true to life '' prototypical sound , the MRC Symphony 77 does n't cut it!I would say the manufacturer needs to rethink the MSRP on this product because in my opinion , it 's only worth about $ 24.99 & I 'd be hard pressed to pay that once I heard the unit . Sorry , but MRC has failed in design & quality with this product & it just is n't up to the good quality standards one expects to receive from MRC model railroad products . I 'd have to give this about a 2.5 to 3.0 rating out of 10 for performance & durability . I personally would not recommend this item to any of my serious model railroading buddies . As a starter system for someone who is n't that particular with sound , I guess this product would work but ... I feel even at that the MRC Symphony 77 is over-priced for what you receive . You really blew it this time MRC , sorry but I got ta give it the `` thumbs down '' award .
 Was very disapointed with it.Had to return it for clicking sound coming from one speaker even when volume was off . Quality of sounds were very unreal . Not worth the price .
 On the shelf or on line , this trucks shovel appears to lock into position above the rig but it doesnt . It took me nearly 10 minutes to remove strapping anchored to this truck within the packaging . My son spent a minute playing with this truck only to move on to his other toys . Yeah , the shovel portion drags on the floor and will NOT lock into position above the rig . This truck can hardly be moved through the carpet much less in sand . I grew up with Tonka trucks and this was obviously designed by some young suit that was babysat by the television and playstation . If your looking for a durable fun truck for your child , move on as this truck wont get the smile your looking for .
 I recently purchased Barbie for my 4 year old daughter however within minutes of the box being opened the wings fell off . Not only this but the very small button which makes the wings move up and down fell out causing me concern as its soo small it would be a choking hazard for my 18 month year old , is their a recall ?? Or am I just unlucky ?
 Odette has `` rubber like '' legs , and her ballet shoes are held on by clear rubber bands , what will come of her shoes when my daughter loosens the rubberband -- also her necklace is just hanging on ... almost falling off -- oh and falling off -- how bout those darn wings ? I had to use the wire tie from the package to keep them on her . I think the key here is SNAP ON -- SNAP on EVERYTHING -- MATTEL ! Snap on her shoes - her necklace , and those darn wings ! Her toes will never fit another pair of shoes why not glue them on ! I 'm sure in about a month , my daughter will be dissapointed too when all the pieces are missing .
 Barbie is lovely , as Barbies go -LRB- I am NOT a fan of Ms. Thang -RRB- , but Barbie as Odette was my 5 year old 's hearts desire for Christmas -LRB- ... -RRB- so Santa delivered this doll . She is very pretty , and has a beautiful dress , but those wings ruin the toy . My daughter got very frustrated with it until we rigged up the wings so they stay put . Unfortunately , Barbie now has green covered wire all over her torso ... but at least the wings stay on.If you must buy a Barbie , get a different one .
 I love this doll , but i keep her in my doll house afraid if i play with her ... i will get gliter all over my hands and break her . she needs a more durable dress.overall she makes a great show doll !
 After one day of gently use , the doll 's wings stopped lighting up and the crown broke in half . The necklace kept falling off and the shoes would n't stay on either . When I contacted Mattel to see if they 'd replace the crown or the wings that clip on , they said they could not . I feel like I 've been robbed of the $ 20.00 I spent to get this toy for my daughter . It was definately NOT money well spent .
 I bought 2 of these toys for my daughters for Christmas , but they showed very little interest in them . It 's now May , and they have barely played with them at all . Apart from the fact that the palace is n't really big enough for a full-sized barbie , it 's also very flimsy.Seems like a bargain , but it 's not . Too bad !
 After just one use in the tub the jet ski no longer works . My 7 yr old bought this with her own money & needless to say is extremely disappointed . This is a piece of junk !
 First off , this figure is a repackage
 This product is way too small for any kid to enjoy . The same is true for other similar `` groovy girl '' items . It is overpriced and not worth the shipping costs !
 You only get one box of the set , not all six boxes . The description of the product is very unclear . Also questions are very unchallenging . I am a homeschooling mother and I would not recommend this product .
 This is a box of 50 index cards . Each card has a paragraph of nonfiction information on a topic like Bees , the Earth , Folk Tales , Home Gardens , etc. . The cards increase in difficulty . On the back of each card are multiple choice comprehension questions.I like the concept of this product , but the paragrahs are full of inaccurate information . For example
 Remember that old joke about Dad putting together a bicycle on Christmas Day ? Yeah , that 's pretty much how I felt about this toy . The bottom 1/3 is a fold-out plastic box , while the upper 2/3 is just a vinyl backdrop . If you 're used to assembling tents and semi-prebuilt furniture , you wo n't have a problem with putting this together . However , do n't expect a young child to be able to assemble it , and , as the toy is marketed towards being transportable when unassembled , the idea of a parent repeatedly reassembling this playset every time junior totes it along with him does n't particularly thrill me . The toy also comes with a single-projectile shooter -LRB- which may be lost -RRB- , a thread rope for Batman to swing from , and a chute to fall through . Batman himself comes with multiple points of articulation -LRB- head , shoulders , elbows , hips , knees , neck -RRB- . Save yourself the pain of assembling this set and buy a higher-end model .
 My children were so excited to receive a DVD player for the car ... only to find out that it did n't work at all . When we took it out of the box , it seemed to work for the 2 minutes we had it plugged in ... then , on the first `` road trip '' , it would n't work at all . We had it plugged into the car and it would keep blinking that it was charging . Once it said it was full , we turned it on only to have it blink once and go black . It would then say it was charging again . At home , we charged it for 15 hours . . it said it was full ... turned it on and the same thing happened - the screen went white/then immediately black and turned off and began charging again . My husband looked and the av outlet is loose . if you squeeze in that area , it started working 1/3 of them time . Definitely not worth it . Toys R Us did take it back , but would NOT return the money - only gave in store credit !!! So we do n't know what to do ... we do n't want another one of these !
 I see that Amazon currently states this item is not available and not sure if it ever will be again . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM if you do find it somewhere else , I was charging the item for an overseas vacation and I woke to the sound of loud popping , the battery had exploded and burning wires . The fire department was called and said that I was very lucky the house had n't caught fire . I purchased this item at Toys ` R'US , good thing my children were n't watching it at the time . There should be a recall on this item .
 If you have this player please get rid of it !! We had this dvd player for only 2 weeks . We left it in our car and while we were asleep in our house . The battery pack exploded and caught my escalade on fire . Because we had our windows in the car closed it put the fire out . However , the inside of my car is totalled . We lost everything inside . Most of all we are truely amazed and blessed that our car saved us . The fireman said he never saw a car so sealed up that it contained this fire . This could have exploded on my daughters lap too . Please get rid of this !! I purchased this item at Toys r us . Hard to believe something for a child could do this . Craig should be responsible for this .
 What junk ... I got my Craig DVD player for Christmas and use it at work frequently . Last night after about an hour of use -LRB- running solely on the battery -RRB- the screen went black . I assumed it the battery dying so I shut it off and forgot about it until today . I plugged it in and nothing . Black screen . Within five minutes of trying different outlets around the office the whole player started to act up . The speakers were popping and the standby light was flashing randomly . I ca n't get it to charge , play , or even load a disc.I called Craig Electronics customer service directly -LRB- at 2:30 am -RRB- and they were friendly enough and told me to ship it to the plant in Florida and I would have a replacement within 10 days.I 'm afraid after reading all these reviews and from what happened to mine that it 's just going to happen again .
 What a peice of junk . We bought this for our son for Christmas . He got to watch 2 movies on it before it crapped out . At first the screen went blank but the sound worked , now nothing works at all when you turn it on . I contacted Craig and they advised me to return it but Toys R Us will not refund my money since I purchased it in Oct. due to a promotional deal . Why should I be treated like this considering I dropped $ 120 on this junk . Toys R Us just lost a customer .
 I bought the Craig DVD player so far it works fine but after watching a movie on it for more then an hour it completley shuts down . I would not recommend to anyone .
 I purchased this item in March of 05 . I used it five times on long trips for maybe an hour at a time . This week the screen completley went out . It no longer works at all . Toys R Us would not return it after it 90 days and neither would the manufacturer . I would highly recommend buying another brand .
 I just bought the unit on Black Friday sale . I came home and plugged it in and there is no volume control on the unit and very cheap looking . I am afraid it will break very easily . Only one headphone jack . Do n't Buy it . Spend a little more money and buy something worhwhile
 I bought one from Toys R Us in the store and one online , the one I bought in the store would work for a minute then you could hear it but you could n't see what was on the screen . There was something wrong with the switch . Took it back to Toys R Us with my receipt and they could only give me a store credit.I thought if you had a receipt you could get your money back , guess not !! I was going to order another one online until I read the reviews that have been posted since I purchased mine . Not know !! I am waiting on the other one to stop working . I spent alot of money at Toys R Us this year for Christmas , that wont happen next year .
 I bought this at Toys R Us . After about six hours of use , it went DEAD . I tried everything to get it back running -- switching from the ac adaptor to the car adaptor , and finally to a fully charged battery . No luck.This is a piece of crap and Toys R Us ought to know better than to sell an item that clearly is junk . I 'm now out -LRB- ... and Toys R Us refuses to return my money .
 I BOUGHT 2 OF THESE FOR MY KIDS FOR CHRISTMAS FROM TOYS R USAND THEY BOTH DIDNT WORK RIGHT FROM THE SECOND WE TURNED THEM ON . NOW DUE TO TOYS R US RETURN POLICY AND NOT BEING ABLE TO REACH MANUFACTURER BY PHONE AS PRODUCT SAYS , IT SEEMS I AM OUT 239.00 PRICE OF 2 DVD PLAYERS + ACCESSORY PACKS AND MY KIDS ARE OUT OF LUCK WITH NO NICE GIFT , TRY TO EXPLAIN THIS TO A 6 & 9 YEAR OLD . ANOTHER PROBLEM I HAVE WITH TOYS R US IS THEY KEEP SELLING THESE DVD PLAYERS ALTHOUGH THEY KNOW THEY ARE PIECES OF JUNK , LOOKS LIKE I NEED TO FIND ANOTHER PLACE TO SHOP NEXT TIME , WE SPENT ALOT OF MONEY AT TOYS R US BUT DO THEY CARE - NO!hopefully this message will save someone else the disappointment we have gone through with this product .
 Unfortunately , I bought this for my son to have as a Christmas gift . It does n't work ; it will only power up but not play any DVDs . I 'm heading to TRU to return it tomorrow
 This bell case is floppy , not as firm as I thought it would be -LRB- to protect the bells from getting dented and such -RRB- . If I had actually held the case in my hands before purchasing I would not have bought it .
 I ordered this for my 5 year old and perhaps shame on me for not reading the dimensions but it is TINY !!! It 's the size of my forearm ! And the gloves do n't even fit my 5 year old 's hands . It was really cute and seemed durable , but we 're returning it . Looking for something he can really use .
 As a Pac-Man lover , I bought this Pinball Machine for my kids Christmas of 2005 . Within a few months , it was falling apart all over the place -- no rough playing I should add . It is made almost entirely of plastic . Way over priced for the product .
 These `` decals '' ARE NOT peel and stick ! They are not even etched . They are only colored flames printed on glossy paper . You will end up tediously cut these out by hand and glue on by hand .
 As another purchaser reported this is NOT a decal or a sticker . An ABSOLUTE waste of my money !!! Do n't buy this product ... you will be disappointed .
 Picture showed 1 star Stiga ping pong balls . Received no imprint balls . I could have bought those for $ 25.00 less . I decided to pay more for the imprinted 1 star Stiga balls . Bait & switch . Disappointed .
 Two stars for the price , but overall these are not very good even for 1-star balls . They feel &#34; off &#34; playing ; bounces are inconsistent and the speed/bounce is low.For very casual play most people wo n't care and this is a good deal . But if you care about getting close to the &#34; 3-star experience &#34; without paying for it fully , there are better 1-star balls out there .
 This product is so inferior it should not be on the market . I have an outdoor table tennis table , and I covered my table for protection with this product . When I removed the cover , the table top had been ruined with a marbleized , oily-appearing pattern over the entire table . It does not wash off with detergent and water or with ammonia and water . This product has ruined the appearance of my table . It is very distracting for good ping pong playing . My other complaint about the product is that there is no protection for the corners . The material rips with the first use . I suspected this from reading other reviews , and I protected all corners with a pad to avoid this . But the oil-like marbleization is cause to go back to the drawing board with this product .
 Made in China . It lasted for exactly 2 days . Some gusty wind , just a tad stronger than the ` gentle brezze ' level , easily shredded it and blew it away one night . My wife found its remains 300 yards away , in the woods . Buy this and you WILL be sorry .
 Cheaply made . Tears easily . Invest in something stronger . Ours ripped the third night we put it on .
 The table tennis cover was advertised for our model of table . It did not fitwell and started to tear in the corners . Because of the tear we kept it , butwe are not pleased with the fit or the durability of the plastic .
 I agree with the chorus of complaints about this product . It is completely inferior , and Stiga should be ashamed to put its name on it . It tore in several places within a week of being on the table . Excessively thin and cheap vinyl is the problem .
 This quickly developed small rips and tears in it when we took it on and off . The only thing going for it is it can cover both a folded table and a table that is open .
 Despite the fact that the box states that it 's made specifically for the kind of table we have , the fit was too snug and it ripped after the first use . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this product hopeing that it would help to protect the table which I bought . It did nothing to help . After the first rain , when i removed it , the rain had soaked right through the cover and ruined the table . We had to return the table and have it replaced . Do not buy this product.-Zack
 We just recently purchased two STS510 Stiga table tennis tables . They are folded and stored after each night of play . To protect the tables I purchased two Stiga T0801 Table Tennis Table Covers here on Amazon . I did n't listen to the previous reviews and instead listened to my wallet . That was a big mistake . We never even got the covers completely on the tables before they ripped . The material is extremely thin and the slightest snag will cause a tear . Unfortunately for us I trusted that they would work based on the name and had already thrown out the packaging and receipts . Long story short - if you are expecting a quality product to protect your tables - do not purchase these covers .
 The second time it was used to cover our table , it got a hole in it . It 's worthless . Do not buy this product unless you want to waste money .
 While the cover fits the table in the upright position , the corner ripped against the edge of the table the first time I put it on . It also does n't protect the bottom side of the table in this position .
 I bought the condor for a member of a group which has ` singing ' birds . This member is the only male in the group , so I looked for a ` male ' sound . But the croaking of the condor is too tame . Probably condors do n't make much noise - have no idea.Can not give opinion on durability since the bird has only been one month with the owner , and is not handled much . Actually , the condor disappeared from the desk - maybe it flew away .
 This toy is not any good compared to other reviews about this toy from differnt online stores . I dont have this . I use to want this but when I found out its no good i dont want it anymore . Im telling you now so you dont waste your money your going to be dissapointed .
 I wish I read the reviews first before buying this item . I too did not realize that the family does not bend and I had bought this for my 6 year old to go with a large sized house -LRB- which she can also use with her barbies -RRB- as it 's in the suggestions to buy it with the house . Why would these miniture sized , stiff , non-bending family be suggested for this house is beyond me . Now I will be giving it to my one year old to play with . He wo n't mind and my daughter wo n't be disappointed when I go to buy different dolls for it .
 I was searching the web for figures for a doll house . Thought your family would be perfect . Was surprised to find the figures ca n't bend to sit , etc. . Therefore , could n't be used with the furniture , etc. . of the doll house which frustrated my 2yr old granddaughter . This should have been included in the description of the family .
 I to purchased these to be used for a doll house for my nieces . The figures do not bend . This reduces their enjoyment with this product and should have been included in the product description . Compared to other like products they are also over priced , considering they do not bend and are frustrating for small children . How can children pretend/learn with a doll if it ca n't be doing anything but stand ?
 This was definitely a case of you get what you pay for . The pieces in this play set are very small and very cheaply made . The helicopter 's propeller came off the first day . Unfortunately I can not recommend this set ...
 These trucks are really poor quality - parts break off easily , and they 're not cheap compared to other cheap die-cast toys . The New York City Fire Department should be ashamed to license their name to such junk .
 this toy is flimsy and pieces fall off leaving ladders and attachments all over the floor . the helicopter blades fell off just getting the toys from the package . if you are looking for a stay in the box toy ... great ... but if you were looking for a toy , keep looking
 We received this wagon as a gift for my then 1 year old son . The canopy was a must in the hot FL sun and was perfect for early morning or late afternoon walks down to the turtle pond . There is plenty of storage and cup holders . I especially liked the ability to fold the seat into a tray for snacking on the go . When using the wagon on sidewalks and roads , the ride was smooth and fairly easy to pull . I would say we used the wagon approx 2xs a week for about 2 straight months.One year after receiving it we took it to the apple orchard . It was perfect because there was room for our son and the apples we picked . We hit a rough patch of grass and while trying to pull our 25lb 2 year old and 10lbs of apples -LRB- well under the max capacity -RRB- over a bump the wagon cracked , the axel popped off , and our son nearly fell out of the wagon . If you are planning on using on streets , it works great but if you are looking for something to use around the yard consider the Radio Flayer ATW -LRB- all terrain wagon -RRB- .
 We believed this was the greatest purchase for our twins as it offered two seats , extra cup holders , and storage . Then one of my sons -LRB- 18 mos . -RRB- stuck his finger in the hole designed for the canopy . We could have broken his finger after attempting to grab him -LRB- screaming -RRB- out of the wagon without knowing it was lodged . I called Radio Flyer since it was very scary and difficult to remove my son 's finger.I liked this wagon very much and decided to try it one more time , but my kids were still too curious about the holes . Plus their fingers are not getting any smaller . Now the wagon is going back to Radio Flyer . The company offered to pick it up for a full refund.Radio Flyer is so far treating this is as isolated case . The company will not currently recall wagons with canopy holes . My issue was still suppose to be escalated throughout Radio Flyer 's executive management . So there might be future design changes , but not now . I can not imagine this issue being an isolated problem.The canopy is nice to use on really sunny days , but not all the time . Nothing else could be used to plug the -LRB- 4 -RRB- holes since that may pose a choking hazard . We 're very bummed about giving up the wagon , but it makes sense for safety reasons .
 Playing an Elvis monopoly game is not as fun as the original . None of the adaptations can really surpass Mediterranean and Baltic Avenue ; the power company , and the Go to Jail of the original . This one is obviously geared to Elvis fanatics , but I do n't think once it 's played two or three times , there 's anything fresh about it all . Another merchandise gimmick in the endless Elvis craze.NOT RECOMMENDED .
 This is the worst customer service I have ever received from an online company . My son received a gift from his an \ unt and it was a duplicate of an item he already had . I tried to exchange the item with the original shipping information , but because he received the item beyond 30 days from the ship date , they would not allow the exchange . I , as well as my family , will never be ordering from this site again .
 I would not waste your money on this toy , my 6 yr old daughter got it as a gift and it 's terrible , the music is soft and there is no lights on the foot pad , you have to watch the little stand and figure it out , very poorly made . my daughter got frustrated and tired of it , the stand is also very flimsy .
 My 6 year old daughter got this for Christmas . It held her interest for less than 5 minutes . There 's nothing to show where to put your feet . Simply a waste of money . Better to go buy some pom poms and let them jump around .
 I bought this for my grand daughters for Christmas . There is no way to tell where your suppose to step and how good you did if you did it right cause there is no right way . It plays loud music and it goes so fast , no human could possibly keep up with it . Not even an adult . The instructions are terrible . You get nothing from them other than how to put it together.Get a dance mat instead and let them have fun . All they do on this one is jump around . They could have done that without me wasting my money .
 Visited Once Upon A Child today and they wanted $ 13 used for this mat however it just was clearanced to $ 1 today so I bought it for my 7 year old girl . I have to say $ 1 was too much to pay for this mat . I ca n't imagine if I had paid $ 49.99 for it how I would have felt . She was so excited , however once home and she started `` trying '' to do the cheer moves she became annoyed at it because it went so fast and by the time she saw the light on the board and looked down to see where to step it was on another step . Now it will go into the toy box until who knows when .
 I originally bought this for my son as a birthday present , but decided to give it to him today as a reward for being good during a long day of shopping . I am very glad I did n't save it for his birthday . First and foremost , Lightning McQueen does n't come with this playset ! You have to have a spare Lightning on hand for your child to be able to play . I 'm not sure how Mattel thought they were getting away with selling a playset touted as `` Lightning McQueen 's action-packed home on wheels , '' without actually including a car for a child to play with.Secondly , the `` amenities '' are seriously lacking . The `` 7 play features '' are simply levers that move in different directions.That said , Mack himself is well-done and is a nice size for little hands . It 's not a huge toy , which does n't make it a burden to store.I , however , would not buy this toy again , nor would I recommend it to anyone .
 My son -LRB- 2 and 1/2 years old -RRB- got this as a gift and was super excited to play with it . It looks great but the truck has a lot of little pieces that pop off and and can be reattached if they are not lost . The truck is REALLY hard to open and all the pieces have to be tucked in the right way to close . I find it hard myself to open . It is poorly designed . My son would have enjoyed a much simpler version of this truck . Perhaps an older child would find this toy less frustrating . I also wish they made it more durable like the cars .
 We are pretty big fans of the Cars movie . We have all of their little metal die cast cars . I thought we would add this to the collection . My kids got it for Christmas and it was broke within 5 minutes of opening it . The plastic is really cheap . the toy is not well made at all . I was really disappointed since all the die cast cars have been well made . This toy was a piece of junk . It went in the trash the first day .
 I bought for my 2 years old boy and one small piece had been broken within 2 weeks . And my son seems not to be interested on it after a few days ' play . I seldom regret so much.Yet the difficulty of opening the truck is a good design . This make sure that my brutal son plays the inner part only with the permission of an adult . Thus , the risk of damaging the components is somewhat lowered .
 I got this toy from Amazon for my B/G twins because they love the movie Cars . My kids are 35 months and that 's younger then the age requirment on the toy . But it 's to easy to break . My daughter pulled off one of the foam car wash rollers and was chewing on it . The door on back comes off easly all the time but it can be fixed .
 The items does not have to much for my son to play with . You need to have McQueen in your stack of cars first before considering the item . The truck looks good , that is all . He plays little with it , since it does nothing .
 This experience is with the Pyramat / Razor company product and customer service . What I purchased was a Pyramat Sound Rocker PM 440-W , amplified wireless chair.I really got nauseous and a bad headache after playing it for several minutes . There was almost like burnt wood , plastic , or a chemical used in the fabric causing this horrific smell . So I shined a flashlight into the bottom mesh area where the chair folds and I noticed that pieces of the wood had darker edges then that of the rest of the surfaces , which indicated to me that the wood used was possibly burnt.I notified Pyramat and sent them pictures of what I found . Unfortunately the camera would only focus on the outer fabric mesh area and not look through it like my eyes with a flashlight . So in order to get a better view I carefully dismantled the material of the chair and took pictures.After looking closer into the chair , I was correct in my initial theory . What I found is appalling to me . Much of the wood used in the construction of the chair is apparently damaged by fire on the edges and smelled as such . Who knows , it may even be a chemical.Further inspection showed quite a bit of wood filler was used to repair the chair / hide defects and even a broken piece of the chair was split pretty bad with several staples attempting to hold it together . There is also a loose piece of wood and two bricks just lying with brick stones and dust inside the chair . The printed circuit board inside was also destroyed . Very bad quality in craftsmanship!I also used to work for an electronics department in a warehouse store and we sold many of the Pyramat PM440-W chairs and all that I have seen ; including two displays and several returns have had the same intolerable odor . Customers have asked what the smell was and I assumed it was just a normal new material odor . This was before I purchased one and used it for myself , it became unbearable.I originally was sent a new chair and it had a defective zipper which was stitched closed about half way along it and it broke attempting to unzip it . The burnt smell was still present , not quite as bad as the previous one , still causing me to have headaches after using it.After speaking with Pyramat again they told me they acknowledged there was wood problem and they sent someone to the manufacturer to correct the problem . They also said they would be sending me two UPS return labels and a new chair.I waited almost a month and called them back . A representative told me that at least 9 other people were sent out new chairs with the same issue and had no further problems once they were sent new chairs . The representative said management has decided to refund the price I paid for the chair because they did n't think I would ever be happy with the chair . And due to the cost of returning the chairs being more than I paid for it . The store was getting rid of its last one for cheap . But I guess quality does have a price in their eyes . I was then told to dispose of or keep the chair I currently have ; my choice . So I believe if I were to have paid full price maybe I would have be treated differently.I wish that Pyramat would have told me what the smell actually was . Who knows it could be toxic for all I know . They never confirmed what it was.Please see the pictures that I posted for a visual of some of the problems.All I wanted was a new chair without the problems I had and I would have been satisfied . In my opinion Pyramat lacks quality and customer service and I will never buy or recommend their product to anyone .
 There are a ton of parts , mostly flimsy plastic and cardboard . It is a pain to assemble and does not stay together . VERY disappointed in this product .
 This product was less than what I expected . As far as craft kits go , this one is cheaply made and difficult to use . My 13 yr old daughter , who is pretty `` crafty '' , could not make one decent-looking bracelet with this kit . Save your money and go to your local craft store to find something better .
 I finally gave up trying to understand the instructions and just did it the old fashioned way and pinned it to my pants .
 A little disappointed . It appeared to be bigger online . I had seen something retail and had it envisioned differently . Still it was received well and will keep little girls entertained .
 Thought the game would be a lot more fun ; but actually my guests did not find it very entertaining ... we threw out some of the cards including the picture of someone shooting people in a movie theatre ; I 'm all for humor and sarcasm ... this was crossing the line . Would not recommend as a purchase .
 Four experienced adult board game players played this game several times over one long weekend . We all found it 's rules overly complex and hard to follow . We quit the game about half way through being totally frustrated ! Like others have commented modifying the rules as you go might fine tune to your liking . This game was NOT fun to play . I can also imagine that with a limited number of cartoon cards to play and replay it might get to be predictable real soon.My solution was to return the game for a refund and move on!To add insult to injury I am a long time subscriber to The New Yorker and love the back page cartoons , sometimes even making a submission .
 My 7 year old received this as a Birthday gift . How DISAPPOINTED she was to get this from her best friend . The matt slides , the music is dumb and does not play in time with the lights . Even on beginner mode , the lights move too fast ! My 2 yr old wanted to give it a try , and summed it up by saying , `` this game is BORING !!! '' . Do n't waste your money !!!
 My 5.5 year old son got this as a present and we were horrified by how horrible all the pre-programmed music choices were . Also , the lights which teach the steps do n't go to the beat of the music and the beginner mode seemed too hard for our 5-year-old . Seems worthwhile to spend more for a higher quality version of this toy !
 i banged my head on the floor
 This pack only comes with 24 balloons -- not much at all when you 're making balloon animals . Like the other reviewer , I did find that most of the balloons popped easily . The price was not worth it at all . :-LRB- Comes to about 20 cents a balloon if you use the free shipping .
 Trying to use these to practice for my kids birthday party . I popped several of them just trying to tie them . These are not durable .
 it came totally unadjusted , it would lift and either spin or go backward . So after the third crash the tail came off . 1 minute of fun
 This was really a waste . You can not have any fun with this product . Hard to control , nearly impossible . I would not recommend buying this product
 Broke on the 1st day , uncontrollable -- kept banging into things -- and only adults were flying it ! Parts broke off easily . Not worth it .
 I got this remote heli for my 10 year-old 's first christmas ever . Yes , it 's true . Do n't ask.Anyway , he sees the box ; he knows what it is WEEKS before Christmas . The anticipation is killing him . He 's so excited . He 's jumping up and down begging me to let him open just one present early.Then the morning arrives and he tears into it . It was so difficult to remove from the carton/packaging that something broke and the propeller never worked right . He had never had such a fantastic toy ; he had never experienced such tremendous anticipation ; what a let down.It really was not only a major bummer for us all -LRB- even his little brother was sorry for him -RRB- but a waste of my hard-earned limited funds .
 My 9 year old son saved up for over two months to buy this helicopter and it broke the very first time he ever flew it . He played with it a total of 1 minute before it broke when it landed . It is extreemly hard to control and it only goes one speed , very very fast . So when he tried to land it the first time , it hit the ground hard and broke . It is poorly made and very flimsy . We also had to charge the battery for 4 hours before he could even use it . So after waiting excitedly for over four hours , it broke within seconds .
 It took a little practice to learn to fly this , but it was definitely fun . I could make it do clockwise loops around the room , or hover mostly in place while spinning counter-clockwise . I crashed it many times , none of which caused any obvious physical damage . However , on the third day after I bought it , the tail rotor stopped spinning -LRB- in mid-flight ! -RRB- and it 's not worked since . It comes with a replacement tail rotor , but that does n't solve anything as it 's the tail rotor motor that no longer works.I really enjoyed it while it lasted -LRB- I loved watching the fish lunge at it every time it flew by the aquarium , as if it were a big yellow bug -RRB- but it 's pretty disappointing to be broken so soon.If yours does n't break , a few things to keep in mind : The rotors pick up hair from the floor when the copter crashes , which will have adverse effects on the flight characteristics . I spent a lot of time picking hair out with tweezers.The easiest way to launch the copter is by holding it in your hand , not from a flat surface like the directions say.If your copter just goes up and down , add one of the provided stickers to the front ; that 'll change the balance and it 'll move forward.The control unit has to be turned on to charge the copter ; it does n't say this anywhere in the instructions.The copter will , in some instances , completely ignore the controls , even if there 's a clear line-of-sight to the controller . I chalk this up to cheap mass-production of a fairly complex toy .
 I bought one from Amazon a few weeks ago and it spins so widely that all I can do with it is make it go up and down . The video for the Pico Z version 2 looks a lot better than this one . Maybe they just had an expert pilot fly it . I havent tried it outside yet but the directions say it is for indoors because even a little wind will interfere with controlling it . . I have had lots of RC cars and boats . . Also for $ 15 shipping I wont bother to return it just give it a bad review . .
 The Dragon Fly is very limited in flight control , It has two channlrs -LRB- Up - Down -RRB- and -LRB- left - right -RRB- . Missing is foward and reverse flight control . It does not fly so much as it just goes where it wants , It does however make a great static display helicopter .
 The volume is way too loud on this , nor does it work right when you point the arrow to the specific animals . It works as a distraction during diaper time , but other than that , it 's just way too obnoxious .
 We anxiously awaited this new toy of ours , as we lacked the necessary C batteries and chocolate syrup needed ... I ran to the store to pick up the these neccesities and we could not get the fountain to work . . I even tried watering down the syrup as it stated it can not be too thick . . still did n't work . So after my son saved his allowance $ for this toy . . I give it a thumbs DOWN . No stars for this one .
 My kids got this as a present , and we assembled it , stuck in the batteries , poured in some Midnight Moo chocolate syrup , and sat back to watch the fountain . The screw turned , but nothing happened . Then I looked at it a little more closely . The fountain 's mechanism is an Archimedian screw , and it seemed to me like the screw was turning backwards . After some experimentation , I have now figured out what went wrong . There 's a big orange flower-pot shaped thing containing the motor sitting on top of a yellow base containing the batteries . The orange piece is completely symmetric , and it will fit on the yellow base equally well either forwards or backwards -LRB- there 's an almost invisible arrow that 's supposed to tell you which way it goes -RRB- . If you put it on backwards , the positive and negative terminals of the batteries are connected to the wrong wires in the motor , the screw turns the wrong way , and the fountain does n't work . And the instructions do n't help much . The trouble shooting tips say `` make sure it is assembled correctly . '' They do n't say `` make sure the arrows on the yellow and orange pieces are aligned , because it does n't work if they 're not . `` I have n't tried it with thick chocolate , but judging from the other comments , it seems like the motor is too weak for it to work with chocolate thick enough to be worth dipping . And it 's clearly pretty cheaply made . But it should work . If it does n't , put the orange piece on the other way around .
 This has got to be the worst toy we 've ever bought . My four year old wanted it very badly for Christmas and was extremely disappointed when it did n't work . We let him dip marshmallows in the chocolate syrup and then threw the whole mess away . I will think twice before spending my money with this company again .
 Like many of you , my 7 year old wanted this for Christmas . What a waste of money . I had the hardest time assembling it . The middle funnel which is suppose to pump the chocolate kept popping up , squirting syrup everywhere . What a big mess . And the syrup that you have to use , which we use to make chocolate milk , does not taste good with pretzels and other salt items . The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because my daughter still loves to play with it .
 Not only do you use chocolate syrup which runs off of the cookies , pretzels , strawberries , etc. , but it does n't even warm up the syrup . So , like someone else said , you may as well fill up a bowl with Hershey 's syrup and let the kids dip away . The only reason I gave this two stars instead of one is because my kids did seem to have a really good time playing with this . They thought it was great even though it was cold syrup instead of warm chocolate .
 do n't bother to buy this product . does not work .
 YUK !!!! What a mess ! My son got this for Christmas . He could n't wait to use it . All I can say is put down the drop cloth , wear bibs and cover the table . It uses Chocolate milk syrup , which is way too thin . It dripped everywhere . The kids , ages seven and nine , were n't able to use the utensils that came with it . So they used their hands . I think we will stick to fondue .
 My daugther received The Real Chocolate Fountain as a gift for Christmas from Santa . I assembled the fountain toy with its easy-to-read instructions . We followed the directions , and when we turned it on , the machine seemed to function properly with the screw turning and the chocolate syrup moving around . However , the fountain itself never worked . I took everything apart and cleaned the washable parts and reassembled . Again the fountain part of the toy would not work . If we ca n't get this to work it will have to be returned to a store for a full refund .
 My 6 year old son wanted the chocolate fountain as soon as he saw the advertisement on television ... not knowing it uses chocolate syrup instead of real chocolate . He used it once and has not asked to use it again . As for me , the cleanup was no picnic either . It has to be disassembled for cleanup and chocolate syrup goes into nooks and crannies not submergible in water ... I was not impressed !
 My daughter was so excited to try this . After putting it together , pouring the syrup in , and turning it on , nothing happened . The screw in the middle was turning but the chocolate was not going anywhere . After several attempts to fix it -LRB- having to pour the chocolate in and out of the thing , and cleaning it each time -RRB- I put it back in the box and got my money back .
 I would have given this toy zero stars if I could . It was a piece of junk that did not work properly . You have to use syrup , not real chocolate , and it never actually made a fountain . I have had problems with other RoseArt products , so I should have known ! Save your money and just pour the syrup in a bowl !!
 The chocolate fountain would not bring the chocolate up through the fountain . We followed the trouble shooting tips , but it would not work . It was a huge dissappointment .
 Not only was it necessary to use the thin kind of chocolate syrup only -LRB- very limiting in what you can effectively coat -RRB- , but it makes a horrible grinding sound when it does work , and only dripped from one corner at the top . -LRB- It did not flow at all like a fountain like shown on the picture . -RRB- Inspite of my following the directions , it only worked the first day , and not at all after that . Also , chocolate got inside the brown bowl part because it has holes in the lower part , and was a nightmare to clean . Worst thing I ever bought for the kids .
 We ordered this fountain for our daughter for Christmas . The instructions for use are simple and the unit pieces snap together . All pieces are plastic . My daughter commented on how flimsy the fork/spear accessories were , but she was very excited to see the fountain work . There is very little room in the reservoir for the syrup to be held and the unit has no heating element , so only syrup made for mixing with milk is usable . After pouring in the syrup as the instructions specified and turning on the machine , we were very disappointed to see the screw mechanism turning , but no syrup moving out of the fountain top.The instructions stated that this could happen if the syrup was too thick . After numerous attempts to thin the already thin chocolate syrup -LRB- it almost was water by the time we were through -RRB- with no luck in having the fountain work , and after taking the unit apart and putting it back together to make sure it was put together properly , we finally boxed it back up and took it in for a refund . The girl at the store stated that she had received back a lot of these that were not functional.I honestly would invest in a little better made unit rather than one that is a blatant toy if you want your children to have a fun chocolate fountain . This one is a piece of junk .
 Buy some Hershey 's syrup , pour it into a bowl , give your child some marshmellows or fruit to dip . There - I just saved you some money . After setting this thing up , my son dipped four marshmellows before he was bored . And this thing is a lot louder than what I expected . The Chocolate Fountain will be going into the Goodwill box . Definitely not worth the clean up .
 My son received the chocolate fountain as a gift for Christmas . I assembled the fountain with its simple instructions . The instructions and ease of putting it together was the best thing about this toy . We followed the directions , and when we turned it on , the `` screw '' that pulls the chocalate up , spun itself to a stop . I took everything apart and cleaned the washable parts and reassembled . Again the fountain would not work . I should n't be surprised . I have had other RoseArt products that do not work well . This will be returned to the store for a full refund , and I will not purchase another RoseArt product .
 This product is not good for children . The product will only take chocolate syrup . It will not take any other type . Plus the chocolate does not come up and over the top like the picture . The children have to scrap their food over the plastic sides .
 I did n't know you had to line up the arrows on the motor part so we installed it incorrectly and it rotated counterclockwise ; my husband took the whole thing apart and reversed the battery terminals so that it would turn clockwise , then it worked just fine . The instructions do n't mention that you have to align the motor to the terminals in a certain fashion or it will turn backwards . But once you get it lined up right it works fine with Hershey 's syrup . a Great starter fountain for my chocaholic 2nd grader .
 I am 10 , I was going to get all of the money out of my bank then I read the reviews anddesided not to buy this or any other rosart products I will buy crayola things instead they are better .
 The sound was terrible , the eyes do n't blink , and the mouth does n't move like I thought it would . Horrible . Do n't know if it is broken or what . I gave it as a gift to my husband who had surgery . He gave me a lecture on wasting money which I would have resented if it wa n't so true .
 this toy looks good and does what it should the volume is just extreme for something i paid 40 bucks for it should have a volume control ... wish i did n't waste my money on something that im going to take the batteries out of asap .
 I was so excited to put this train set together . The pieces are well made and the set itself is very cute but the design is just awful !! The pieces of the track to not snap together , or even fit tightly , and the track itself does not attach to the support stands . The two levels of the track are extremely close and the track sits as much as 2 inches below the top of the support tower . This leaves no room for even the littlest of hands to run the train around the track with out knocking a tower over or the track off causing a domino effect of crashed track followed by screaming from my frustrated and disappointed son ! Now imagine this happening literally everytime he touches the track . I packed the thing back up after less than a half hour . I read about the clips you can get but $ 50 for the track plus $ 20 in clips ??? Sorry , this is not worth $ 70 . I would skip it all together and find something better .
 We bought this for our son knowing he would love the spiral design . Come to find out the tracks do not sit in the plastic stantions very well at all . We even bought the sure track and then the track would not sit on the playboard . They lift off the board and causes the trains to fall off . The design is so poorly made that once we finally got all of it put together the train could not fit down the lower part of the spiral ramp . It would get stuck under the top track . We are taking this back to the store and hope our son will not be too disappointed .
 Putting this set together was very time-consuming . And once it was completed we found that it was so flimsy that just one light touch on the tracks , and the parts fell apart . We are going to return it tomorrow .
 I read the bad reviews on this & decided to go used from an auction site.I still spent more then this set is worth as it went into various recycle bins 2 days after the purchase.My son was SO excited to open this on his birthday only to find mom had to work over an hour to get it stable -LRB- using sure-track -RRB- The trains get stuck on the way down & you need to push your hands in to move it . . this knocks down tracks & the crying begins ... do this for non stop for 2 days ... in the trash it went.I plan to try another spiral set before next Christmas . This time I will test it out in private so I can avoid upsetting a toddler who still thinks I should be able to make even a piece of junk work properly .
 Imaginarium Spiral Train Set is one of several products that carry the Imaginarium label - a label normally associated with quality products that encourage kids to let their minds run free . I have generally had much success with Imaginarium products and have found most of them to be creative , thoughtful , and interesting to most children.Well , with every rule , there always has to be an exception and the Imaginarium Spiral Train Set is certainly not what I expect from any product that wears the Imaginarium label . Assembling this train track takes time , but the time you spend on the initial assembly is n't the problem . The problem is the number of times you have to re-assemble the track and various parts when they collapse . I could handle a problem like this if it was sporadic . But it happens all the time . The slightest push , nudge , or even a good dose of air from the lungs will send the train tumbling to the ground.The reason for the many problems with this product 's stability is the track itself . Most train track pieces lock together and require a good pull of the individual track pieces to take them apart . With the Imaginarium Spiral Train Set , the wooden train track pieces fit together like the pieces of a puzzle . One end has a rounded extension that hooks into the slot on the end of the next piece . This pattern continues all the way to the end , when the final piece is anchored . The problem is that the pieces basically just fit together in a loose fashion . They do not snap in place or require a firm push to attach . One pieces just lies inside the next , and the loose fitting is the reason the train track can not hold up to even the slightest amount of play.The Imaginarium Spiral Train Set looks nice when assembled , especially for a beginner 's train set . Most beginners train sets are completely level with the ground , but the Imaginarium Spiral Train Set offers different levels , giving it a more impressive appearance . However , when it comes to functionality , the Imaginarium Spiral Train Set is a throwaway . It simply can not hold itself together and after a while , parents will grow frustrated with the constant repairs to the track . At this point , many will either take it down completely and put it back in the box , or remove the trestles and construct a track that lies flat on the ground . It wo n't look as nice , but at least it will not fall apart.The Imaginarium Spiral Train Set is compatible with Thomas the Train and Brio trains , so those who already have these train cars will be pleased to know that they will fit into the grooves of the Imaginarium Spiral Train Set . But other than this and the appearance of the train set when fully assembled , the Imaginarium Spiral train Set is a product to avoid . It is certainly not what I expected for a product that wears the Imaginarium label and unless you are willing to glue the pieces together or assemble the track flat on the ground , this product is more trouble than it 's worth .
 The only good things I can say is I got this free at Toys R Us when I bought a train table , and my kids love it -LRB- when they 're able to play with it -RRB- . It takes an incredibly long and frustrating time to figure out how to put it together , then it falls apart at the slightest touch . The parts where the tracks connect are too loose . I decided to glue them together , and they lasted for a couple days that way , then fell apart again . I do not recommend this train set at all !!!!
 Part of the fun for a younger kid is putting the tracks together , pulling apart , putting back together . This is difficult to piece together and even more harder to keep it that way . No younger kid will be able to make it work and no older kid will want to play with this train toy line . Sorry imaginarium !
 I bought this for my son 's 4th birthday . Thankfully I set it up to test it out before the big day . The track does not lock in tightly into the risers . The spiral is to tight . You have a very hard time pushing the trains around without knocking the whole thing over . I have already boxed this up for return .
 Great wood quality , but it 's so flimsy it 's hard to enjoy . One wrong touch to the track that 's part of the spiral , and it creates a domino effect ; all of the track comes apart . Hardly fun for my 5 and 2 year olds , they continually need me to come over and fix the track . In addition , the spaces they leave for your hand to actually push the train THROUGH the spiral is VERY small . Even the littlest of hands get stuck , and knock everything down.Save your money and buy one that only has short bridges , and where most of the track is flat .
 not what i expected . the way it was described , i figured the playground was bigger that it actually is.due to that fact , not every item can be enjoyed and utilized by the parrot . . not really satisfied / / / / /
 The product arrived in perfect condition and on time , but after opening it I got very disappointed of it , this is not at all what I expected and since it 's openned there 's nothing i can do with it . The bingo parts are very small and easy to lose , it 's not fun to play with and the whole thing is made os just cardboard . I do n't know if that 's normal but all my cards are exactly the same , so everyone would win at the exat same time . But for the $ 4 I paid for it , I guess I should have expected that .
 I purchased this for a Jewish student . The pictures are small and not clear . I did not think it was a good buy and was dissapointed .
 This would be a great game with one tiny change -- the English pronounciations of the letters should be spelled out on the bingo cards and the call sheet . Without that , you need a player or caller who already knows their letters . This is not a game that kids who are just learning their letters can play by themselves . Very frustrating .
 So beyond pissed off . I bought this because it was said to be unopened with just the outer plastic ripped off . NOT TRUE ! The whole thing was obviously re-shrink wrapped , the box had a piece of tape where it would have had it seeled but that was cut ... a lot of the pieces had the color of it falling off the foam pieces . So aggravated and feel like I was lied too . I dont even want to put it together now !
 My son was so excited to receive this airplane . It does charge very quickly but the charge does n't last long . We only got a couple short flights out of it before having to charge it again . The plane does n't fly very well either . It nose dives shortly after take off . Of course , we did n't get a chance to work that out since the airplane broke about 15 minutes after we started . The propellers do n't move anymore for some reason . For the price of this airplane you 'd think it would be built a whole lot better . Spend your money elsewhere .
 This worked well for about one hour . After that , it would n't hold a charge . Even when it did work , it would take a long time to get it to indicate a full charge . Remote control has an extremely limited range -LRB- about 10 feet -RRB- . One of the worst toys we ever bought our kids
 Hello , all . I am 13 and have been an R/C pilot for 5 years.After reading several of the customers ' reviews , I think it 's necessary to clarify a few points :1 . This is a TOY . The entire line of Air Hogs products are TOYS . They can not be expected to perform like true Radio-Controlled Models . In fact , as I have test-flown many models at the local hobby shop , these models will not do much more than glide . The motors are small and weak , as are the propellers . There are no servos ; all directional control is by motor thrust differentiation . As a result , stalling will be inevitable for those who decide to keep at full power , and a nosedive into the ground follows . I actually find these toys much more difficult to fly than real R/C models .2 . R/C Modeling -LRB- notice I said MODELING -RRB- is a relatively expensive venture . For $ 49 , there is nothing of any quality on the market . However , if you really want to get into model aviation , I recommend starting with the Hobbyzone brand of planes , which are great starters , and then progressing on to the Parkzone series . These planes are high quality , and most have moving control surfaces . The Hobbyzone series is mostly 2-channel to 3-channel , with either Rudder/Throttle control for beginners or Rudder/Elevator/Throttle control for more proficient pilots . These , however , will benefit the first-time flyer more if you TAKE THE TIME TO HAVE AN INSTRUCTOR TEACH YOU . See the Hobbyzone website at www.hobbyzone.com .3 . If you really do n't want to spend at least $ 100 , consider the only good flyer in the Air Hogs fleet
 My son received the imaginarium train table with a set for Christmas this year . This is the exact train that came with the set . He has been playing with it now for almost three months none stop - loves it ! What is upsetting is that the magnets that hold the trains in place come loose , pop out and can not only be a serious choking hazard but if more than one magnet is ingested could cause serious digestive problems that could warrant surgery . Buyer beware and be prepared to watch you children intently especially if they are under three years of age . We have not yet had any problems with any of the Thomas line of trains and those magnets .
 The train set looks nice , and it fits on the Thomas track , but the battery case for the engine is impossible to open , rendering the engine car useless . Very dissapointed 4 year old !
 I thought it was a waste of money . Does n't hold a child 's interst after the first few seconds . Pen keeps needing to be refilled with water . Children prefer crayons and paper better than this .
 The car body on top is lost . It pumps up okay but when I put it on the ground and even with a push - nothing . I have to throw it if I want it to flip and crash . Im going to try and turn it into a water pistol .
 My son is 5 and not impressed with this monster truck . Once the body falls off , it does n't stay on , so all you see is the frame of the truck . He has n't played with it since he 's gotten it . Not really worth the money .
 This pen gets a lot of comments , but the top pieces fall off when you put it in a purse . Then it does n't look like R2 anymore , so what 's the point ? But it sure is cute laying on my desk at work
 I bought these as gifts for my boys 7 and 8 . They were n't very fun . They boys did n't play with them or use them much at all . I thought they would be more interactive but it is not . Not worth the money in my opinion .
 Nice novelty idea for a gift but probably would n't purchase another one - not very durable and my 3 and 5 yr old have n't played w / it very much - the top lego bead does not stay on very well nor does one of the arms on R2D2 - the lego beads will probably go missing w/in weeks if the kids start to really take interest in the pen .
 I was very happy to discover toys made in the USA instead of China , but when we went to use it the top wheeel would n't turn . It seemed wobbley on the metal rod and I was upset . It costs $ 9.99 + $ 4.99 shipping . I called the company and was told I had put too much sand on it . How can a 2yr old put measure how much sand to use on a toy ? I was told to ship it back to get another one which would cost me another $ 4.99 . So I would be spending as much for the toy as it costs with no gaurantee that the new one would work or I 'd have to return it also . I will never ever use this company again .
 This toy is useless for sand . The sand constantly gets stuck in the small hole at the end of the funnel . It is equally as useless for water since the fins that spin end up spitting water all over the place . This toy broke within a week of using it from slight abuse . Any toy that is made for younger children must be able to take at least minor abuse but this did not stand up to the test . Do n't waste your money .
 No video review because there is no working product . Some assembly required however some of the pieces do n't even fit together . Only one pedal fit in the bike . Front wheel fell off after 20 minutes of use . If you buy one make sure you get 2 or three more for parts.The ironic thing is that this bike was recalled because it did n't have a brake . I guess the fact that it may fall apart during use is not so much a safety issue as the brake .
 We bought this toy for a cross country trip with our 8 and 6 year-old children . They showed some interest in finding things , but since our six year-old does n't read well , he became frustrated with it . The cards ended up all over the floor and subsequently ripped .
 I bought this for my nice who is a little overweight , it stretches easy and losses its shape . I also realize this item makes kids depend on it and do n't let it go . My son and niece did n't learn to swim until they stop wearing it , BUT it can save your child 's life if they do n't know how to swim and you are a distracted parent .
 This picture would have made my daughter so happy but unfortunately the product that arrived was Yellow . I would not have ordered this item if I had realized it was not going to be pink as pictured . As for what it is it will work just fine but it was not what it should have been .
 Not only does this swimsuit not work as far as flotation . The color bled and I had to drain my hot tub . Rinsing it out did not work . I think it left a stain in my bath tub . Do n't get it !
 My daughter was really excited to get this for Christmas . We opened it and right out of the box she had a great time . As a parent , however , there are quite a few things I would change and became frustrated with . First the side table is NOT a table at all and it is not attached as the picture makes it seem . It 's just sort of `` hooked '' on to the stove which I had to put back together numerous times as my daughter played with it -LRB- you ca n't move it or it falls apart -RRB- . It simply does not stay connected . UNDER the table is a set of food `` molds '' so if you want to use them you have to take the table apart . Second , the cards have to be cut from the outside of the box , which is OK for the durability , but very difficult to cut because they are so thick . Even though my daughter loves the different pieces , there is simply NO place to keep all the parts together . A storage container would be wonderful !!! They do provide a little hook that attaches to the back of the stove but it only holds 3 of the 6 pieces that are provided . All-in-all the toy does keep my 5year old busy for a long while w/the molds and different attachments . But it is quite the pain in the neck to store and keep up with all the little pieces .
 Do n't let the picture fool you ! It looks like a stove with an attached counter/work station . The `` counter '' does n't stay connected and the back falls off . It 's silly how the picture makes it look like you could set the toaster on it . You could set it up to take a pic for an advert box but put anything on the counter and it falls apart . It made my three year old mad that he kept putting it together and it kept falling apart . Also , the `` recipe cards '' have to be cut out of the sides and bottom of the box . This is essentially a stove and a lot of different parts and some ghetto cardboard signs . Not up to the Playdoh standard .
 This toy is great fun for kids who do n't care about making what the pictures show . The side table does n't stay on and is so annoying that we just threw that part out and kept the tabletop which has various food molds on the bottom . It would be nice if this toy came with a storage container for all the parts . Do n't expect the press to work very well . It sucks . The stove is too cute though . I would n't pay more than $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for this toy -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and I wish I would have saved my money . It falls apart the minute it comes out of the box , not because it 's broken per se , it 's just extremely cheap junk !
 I got this pottery wheel for my daughter for Christmas . I have a real pottery wheel and she wanted her own so she could do pottery with me . Being used to a real wheel , I had fairly low expectations for this toy , but my daughter was so excited about it I went ahead and got it anyway . Even with low expectations I was a bit disappointed in the product.The wheel is very cute , but a flimsy -LRB- and loud -RRB- . There is a covered slot on the tray . I 'm not sure what it 's for , but it keeps coming off . The wheel head is made out of orange plastic and slips over a hexagonal metal shaft attached to the motor . After using the wheel only one time , the plastic that slips over the metal shaft is already starting so show signs that it might crack.If you have used a real pottery wheel you know that centering the clay is the first step . There is no way you could center even a tiny amount of clay on this wheel . The motor just is n't strong enough . The toy comes with a device that is supposed to center the clay for you . It is a small cup that you attach to the wheel , fill with clay and then remove . This is problematic , because the clay wants to stick to the cup and not the wheel . I ended up having to take the cup off the wheel and force the clay out , then stick it back down on the wheel and just try to get it as centered as possible . I can see this causing a lot of frustration for my daughter -LRB- and me -RRB- . The toy also comes with some tools for shaping the clay . We have n't actually tried them yet , but I did mess around with them . There is a arm that attaches to the base and holds the shaping tools . The plastic screws that hold the tools onto the arm do not seem to stay fastened in place . Maybe they will actually work when we try them on clay , but I am doubtful.The wheel has a pedal that turns the wheel on and off . When I was using it it would n't turn off when I took my foot off . My daughter , however , did n't seem to have this problem , so it may be that I was pressing it too hard.Even with all the negatives , I have to say that my daughter loved it . She 's bugging me constantly to set her up to do some more pottery . Oh , just one more thing ... if you do end up getting this you might want to order some extra clay . The clay that comes with the wheel is enough to make maybe 4 items .
 My daughter and I just finished using her Alex Pottery Wheel . I would not recommend this craft toy . First of all I think it would be impossible for a child to use without assistance . Second , the clay does not stay centered on the wheel and as a result it is impossible to make an even object . The shaping tools are useless . My daughter did not have any fun as she found it very frustrating and needed me to help a lot . If you are thinking Demi Moore in Ghost when you look at this toy - think again ! It 's frustration level is rivaled only by the Sticker Factory .
 I read the mixed reviews on all the pottery wheels and decided to get this one any way since it was one of two things my son asked for for Christmas . Having used real pottery wheels and knowing what they cost , I was n't expecting much . My son had a great time playing with it at first , even though he could n't use any of the tools to shape the pots . I tried and found I also had difficulty using them and finally helped him shape them by hand . He loves the pots and tells everyone he made it on a pottery wheel when in reality , we basically used the wheel as a pedestal to work off of . We only used the wheel once .
 I was extremely disappointed in this product . I bought this for my daughter for Christmas . The shaping tools do not work . My daughter and I read the directions and followed them to a T , over and over again and it did n't work . It was a very frustrating experience . My daughter was in tears when she finally said `` let 's take the shaping tools off and I 'll just use my hands , water and sponge to shape it . '' Good thing she did that . Now she has fun with it just doing her own thing . So do n't have high expecations for it . Be able to improvise and go with the flow if you get this . I recommend spending money on real kid 's pottery classes instead of this .
 Bought this for my 10 year old daughter ... mind you , this is the second one I 've purchased - first one did n't work at all ! It is very cheaply made . When we tried it we were immediately disappointed . It is very loud and very hard to make anything . Do n't bother wasting your money on this product .
 This is the biggest waste of money piece of garbage ! Clay not pliable , machinery flimsy , instructions not clear . I thought for the amount of money it cost it would be better quality . Hugely disappointed !
 I do n't typically write reviews but really felt I needed to on this one . I read all the `` bad '' reviews before purchasing but figured it would be good enough for what my 8 year old expected . Well , it was a terrible product . It was messy , difficult to use , poorly made and we ultimately just ended up with a lump of clay . Even my daughter said it was a `` rip off '' . I have already sent it back to Amazon . I agree that these types of products are typically `` junk '' and should be taken for what they are ... toys . However , you should be able to use them at least once and come up with some sort of end result . Not with this . Do n't waste your time or money .
 My daughter received this as a Christmas gift this year and it was very difficult to use . The clay does not stay on the center of the wheel and there is no way she would have been able to use this without my help . Very disappointing .
 My son saw this in the store and went ballistic . He was willing to spend all of his money to have it , and it cleaned him out.We got it home and the motor made noise but did not turn the table . The infamous and completely mysterious blue shielded pocket lid was also wonky and could not close or open . We exchanged the wheel.We got the second one home and got a little farther this time . The blue shield fit , but still has no purpose and does not open or close easily . Much more importantly , clay does not stick to the wheel , so clay just rolls around on the wheel as it turns ; the motor is not strong enough to hold a shaping attachment to the clay if you can get it stuck on there -LRB- the motor grinds to a halt and whines -RRB- ; the holder for the shaping attachments has the strength and design of a toddler 's Fisher-Price toy -- it 's rickety and wobbly.In short , there 's no way anyone 's going to shape a piece of clay on this wheel . It simply does not work . My son is very sad , and I 'm pissed off . We will return this one as well and are unlikely to purchase another Alex product ; this is not the first time we 've found their products to be cheap crap that does not live up to the product titles and colorful packaging that gets kids ' hopes up .
 This wheel was the biggest waste of money ever ! Not only did the directions lack ANY sense of an 8 year old trying to use it , but both my husband and I were frustrated too ! The directions made it look soooo easy , yet they did not include some important points , like how to assemble the arm that makes the chrome shape of the piece . Ooops . My daughter has a lot of patience ... But she was a bit annoyed by this product . She too had finally just taken the clay off the wheel , did her own thing and is now waiting for the piece to dry and decorate it herself . Save your money , or at least just invest in pottery lessons instead !
 Bought this as a gift from Santa and was it a disappointment ! First , it is extremely flimsy , and when the clay is placed on the `` wheel '' to be spun , there is nothing to anchor the clay . The result is a glob of clay that wobbles when the so-called wheel spins . The attachments that are supposed to `` carve '' the clay are ineffective because each time one of the plastic cutters is in place to shape the clay , the clay falls over . There is nothing to which the clay attaches , so it is in free fall the entire time it is on the `` wheel . '' Needless to say , I am glad our special girl likes books , because Santa really came through in that area . This pitiful mess of a pottery wheel is trash , and it will find its way there soon . A total waste of money!NOTE
 This product just does n't work well , it is not sturdy nor fast enough to make pottery items . I 'm not going to even let my grandchildren use it , if I ca n't how can they .
 This potter 's wheel is flimsy . It did not work . We read the directions thoroughly , and there seems to be nothing to overcome this unit 's uselessness . The motor is far too weak . There is far too much cheap , weak plastic in the kit 's construction . I do NOT recommend this to anyone .
 My Daughter went to the store and used her own money to buy this clunker . First off , the instructions are vague as to how to assemble it . You have to refer to the box art.Secondly , the motor is noisy and weak so when the thing is turning and you go to use the shaper wheel the thing will stop . Our unit the foot pedal kept sticking and would not stop.This is a cheap plastic toy that maybe a very young child would like to get their hand dirty with the clay but as an actual craft item it is total garbage . It is a cheap plastic toy and my daughter was very dissapointed and she will be getting a refund.Not sure how anyone could rate this 5 stars . Any vendor selling this item should be ashamed of themselves .
 This product is virtually impossible to use.Our 8 year old daughter got this as a gift , and we thought it was a charming toy.IT WASNT !!!! This wheel was very difficult to assemble and most of the instructions are useless and unclear . When we finally got it set up , and at last got the clay into the `` shaping tube '' , we could n't get the clay out and had to scrape it with a spoon . Then , we had to shape it by hand.After all of this `` setup '' te clay would not stay in the center while the wheel was moving . We did n't even accomplish a lop sided pot , just a hunk of clay that kept falling off the turn table.The wheel 's base was adorable , with small cubbies and compartments to put supplies in . Unfortunately we could n't make a suitable pot to use these handy supplies and decorations.OVERALL , this is the worst toy EVER for a child . It will lower their self-esteem and leave them in tear . Two Harvard graduate adults could n't even use it . We ended up making pinch pots with the supplied clay .
 I purchased this for my daughter for Christmas . What a mistake . Please believe the bad reviews and do not purchase this product . First , the instructions are abysmal . The instructions begin by putting a fistful of clay into the device . There are no instructions that say what to do next . Common sense would dictate to take it out of the hole and work with it directly on the wheel but when you do so , it rips apart and has other problems . Further , the pictures on the box illustrate large , elaborate pottery that I doubt could be produced on this machine.Kid reaction - my son who was waiting for his turn became frustrated and said , `` this is a bad toy '' . My daughter who is artistic and who has worked with pottery at school tried to make it work but it was no use . She too had to give up . This toy and bad Christmas present made my daughter sad .
 I purchased this pottery wheel for my 9 year old granddaughter who has wanted one for two years - and I did lots of online research to select one that I thought would work well . In my granddaughter 's eyes , this is still a fun toy - but to me it is NOT at all what I had hoped . The wheel is weak -LRB- I know it 's a toy , but it is advertized to work -RRB- , and the instructions are extremely incomplete -LRB- we actually resorted to just looking at the picture on the box -RRB- . The `` tools '' are not effective since the wheel is so weak . I do like the fact that it comes with an AC adapter included . However , I 'd really like to see someone make the sample pottery that 's pictured on the box on THIS wheel . Unless you find this on a super-cheap sale , I would n't recommend buying it .
 This was a huge waste of money . You are better off just buying a bunch of model clay and letting your child go to town . The tools do not work . The clay would not stay on the wheel at all . My daughter was frustrated and disappointed by this toy . Huge disappointment for all involved .
 I just bought this for Santa and we are so dissapointed , it does n't work at all , the product information says it has Ac adaptor but it does n't come with the cable and the plug , altough it 's new , it 's all acraped . I ca n't believe such an expensive gift is so my daughter and I have been trying to work with it for hours without any results . I 'll try to turn it back .
 It does not work with the ac adapter or new batteries . The motor does not run.It is a dud .
 Opened this up Xmas morning because my daughter was so excited -LRB- since this gift was from santa -RRB- , followed the directions to the exact detail and it did n't work at all . The clay does not stick to the wheel when you try to carve it with the tool it spins all over , made a total mess over everything . It was the worst toy we have ever bought . I returned it , which I had to try to explain to my daughter why we were returning Santa 's present . What a headache ...
 My daughter and husband just finished trying to use this pottery wheel and we are frustrated and disappointed with how shoddy the wheel is constructed . The instructions are practically worthless . They should include more about how to center the clay and some troubleshooting tips . Once he finally got the clay centered on the wheel and got the motor to run without making hideous grinding sounds , he was able to make one pot and use one shaping tool before the motor appeared to die . He left it at that and my daughter is happily decorating it with the jewels and looking forward to painting it tomorrow . She is still thrilled . Even though we did n't buy it for her , I definitely this product is not worth the money .
 If you manage to get the clay into place on the wheel , which is not easy , once the wheel starts turing , the carving blade simply pushes the clay off center and messes it up . There should be something in the bottom of the wheel to hold the clay in place . In a real wheel , I assume the weight of the clay holds it in place . But this small peice of clay does not have nearly the weight needed to hold it in place as the wheel turns so the clay just goes all over the table rather than being shaved into a circle . The only useful part of this toy is the clay itself , which your child can mold with their hands into whatever shape they want . Then they can decorate it and paint it after it is dry . I suppose that is worth some money , but the `` wheel '' part of it is useless .
 I am twelve years old and I got this for Christmas . I was so excited because I love being creative . When we tried to put it together , it was hard , but we stuck with it . Finally we put it together and it DID N'T WORK ! I repeat DO NOT BUY ! The tools do n't work , everything breaks , and there is n't anything that does what it is supposed to ! Like , seriously , I hate everything except the clay . The clay was nice . I ended up just making a cute little mushroom with my hands and it looks awesome . I tried to do the same thing with the wheel and it ended up as a misshapen lump . So , we sent back the box , directions , wheel , everything except the clay , now in the form of a mushroom pot and I am writing this review as a warning
 I so so wanted this to be a great toy . This one was supposed to be one of the better ones that the motor was powerful enough to allow you to mold the clay and it spins . NO WAY !! This does not work as advertised !! Now my son got this for his 8th bday and he thinks it works so for that I guess it does n't matter . He puts his clay on gets all muddy and wet and does his projects . But truly in reality he is just molding the clay with his hands the pottery wheel is of no use . But guess if he is having fun and thinks it is something special all is good !!
 totally totally did not work . Very disappointing . Do n't buy it ! The directions were hard to follow , and ultimately , we just ended up playing with the clay . Very sad 8 year old and her mom !
 Read through the reviews and this specific pottery wheel looked promising . It 's cute , but not worth the cost . The motor just is n't strong enough to be used properly .
 I would n't say this product is very educational . It is not in scale and the planets all rotate together . I think a young child would like to watch the planets go around . Older children would get bored quickly . What do you want for $ 25 .
 We were really excited about giving this to our son for christmas , he loves the solar system ... . Unfortunately ths thing is a lemon . The rods that hold the planet were bent so the planets would not line up properly , and would collide if the paths crossed . The motorized feature rotated the planets but not in the proper relation to each other , detracting from its educational value . There really is no point in purchasing this unless you do n't mind using it as a stationary display , otherwise its worthless .
 Of the assorted space models Santa brought my seven-year-old daughter , she was most excited to put together this light up model . Sadly , the kit was missing the connector to attach Venus . I contacted the Educational Insights company twice to ask for that one missing part so my daughter could complete her project -LRB- the model is useless without all planets connected -RRB- . However , Educational Inights failed to respond to either of my requests . Buy this product only if you want to be disappointed .
 The idea was great , but the build quality is not good . The top that goes over the sun does not snap into place and consequently will not stay on . The star constellation cover has the same issue . It is a nice idea but since the lid will not stay on , you either have to sort of balance it on top and not jostle it , or use some sticky tape to secure the lid . Other than that it works as expected , but my daughter is really sad that she can not use it as she expected because the lid will not stay put .
 This looked like a really neat way for our kids to learn more about the solar system . It even comes with a chart to -LRB- roughly -RRB- align the planets in relation to each other according to time of year . The planetarium feature is a bit dim - I can see the constellations , but ca n't read the names . Our motor feature does n't work - the planets do not revolve . We have n't gotten around to sending it back yet . If we get one that works , I would give it a higher rating .
 Do not buy . My wife picked this up to teach a lesson for the solar system and shadows . She kept telling me she was having trouble putting in the C sized batteries , so I got home and tried to figure it out myself . They wo n't fit , at least not with the door closed . I ended up building an AC adapter to work with it for her lesson , but it was very unimpressive . Not something that 's going to wow a principal or kids for that matter.It 's got a standard C cell flashlight battery for the sun and it 's really dim even when dialed into the recommended settings . Once the lesson was over we resolved to never use it again .
 Another case of you-get-what-you-pay for . Cheap quality , planets have so little -LRB- or so poorly done -RRB- detail that you almost ca n't tell them apart except for Jupiter and Saturn . My son keeps thinking Earth is Neptune . Also , the planets do NOT rotate at different speeds , which in my mind is a terrible `` education '' , so for that alone it deserves 1 star . They all rotate together . All you can do is adjust at what diameter around the run the planet should be in , and that 's it ! Boring . It 's also incredible cheap sounding and borders on `` noisy '' . I did not have problems putting in the C batteries , but for having 4 C batteries I would expect the Sun to be a bit brighter ... it 's very dim . Overall , I 'm very disappointed and will be returning it after I find a better one . If I find something better I will come back and update this post .
 This toy is very cheaply made . It uses C bateries but not indicated anywhere in the box ormanuals . The sun is made of two piece cheap plastic that do n't fit together properly , so , one part keeps falling off unless you tape it with clear tape . The planets are outside the range of light so there are no useful shadows . The rotation produces a fairly laud motorized sound . Also the bulb burned in less than an hour and the fact that it came with an extra bulb , does mean that you can expect the second bulb to burn in no time as well . Ultimately , this toy is a lame waste of money , a good idea with lausy production from China that really belong to the shelves of a `` DOLAR STORE '' .
 its sub par , the motor is effectively useless since it rotates all planets at same time -LRB- they are not geared -RRB- . planets are not sized respective to each other nor are they spaced correctly . Jupiter and Saturn actually colide as you manipulate them . other than understanding the order of the planets and their respective Greek symbols it is of poor value .
 This solar system was difficult to put together . I read and reread the instructions before finally finding the symbols that tell you which planets are which and where they go . The little end pieces that the planets sit on keep falling off when my son pulls the planet off the rod . And all the planets move at the same rate . My son really only plays with the planets by themselves , so I could have saved a lot of money by just buying him the planets . He was n't interested in the rotation when all is said and done .
 Planets do not move . Faulty motor that makes a horrible screeching sound but does not move the planets . Got this for for my girlfriends 6 year old child who has cerebral palsy and who loves space . Ca n't tell you what a disappointment it was . Do not buy this product .
 This item is so cool in concept but has a long way to go in reality . It is bulky and the cord falls out of the base all the time , thus rendering it unusable . Also , it makes a very loud whirring sound while in use . I had bought for my 6-7 yr old to learn about our solar system and fall asleep watching at night but it is TOO loud and faulty for that .
 There are only 8 planets within our solar system . This product is outdated , so be warned if you are planning on gifting something with educational value .
 I 've been searching for a perfect flotation device -LRB- suit -RRB- for my toddler -LRB- she is almost 3 years old -RRB- and this is not what I was hoping to get . It does not hold child on the water , it is not reliable , and you still have to hold the baby close to you . Probably it 's good in a little pond where water does not reach baby 's chest
 We gave this to our 21 month old on Christmas morning . It worked well in the box and she was quite delighted with it . However , Pooh will stop walking in mid-stride and will not turn back on for hours . I have already changed the batteries once -- 15 minutes after taking it out of its box . When he does walk , he does n't go very far . It 's a shame because she seems to like him and wants to cuddle him all the time . I might bring him back to the store for an exchange . Maybe we just received a `` defective '' Pooh .
 Our one and a half year old grandaughter loved this toy however it stopped walking after two weeks of use . She was not abusive to the toy . Just normal use.Buy something else that will last .
 Purchased this garbage truck for my son and I was very disappointed . Within 3-4 minutes of playing , both garbage bins clippings that hangs on to the rear of the truck broke . That piece of plastic on the garbage bin is very flimsy . I will not recommend this product .
 I am a bratz fan but I do not like Lil bratz because I have three and a playset and never play with them so I would recommend Polly Pockets though I am eleven and still play with them .
 i was somewhat shocked at the size and quality of the products . considering the price i am suspect . i do not think they would be 19 dollars at a store .
 these dolls are downright stupid ! any parent in their right mind would not give their child one of these slutty , ugly and ridicules looking dolls . i wouldnt even say there `` dolls '' . they look more like trolls or gremlins from mars.they set a bad example for young girls . i dont think a parent would appreciate it too much if their child goes to school one day with a shirt that is 5 inches above their belly button and a skirt that exposes everything BUT their private parts , and make-up that makes them look like a clown . all because of a doll . my , my , my what is this world coming to . i strongly suggest buying your child a myscene or barbie doll instead of one of these `` trolls '' thanks for reading my review.p.s . PLEASE dont get one of these for your child . it will be a big mistake . pleease .
 This game is just too hard for little girls to enjoy , and I doubt even middle school aged girls could play alone . I 'm a grown woman and a TEACHER and I became frustrated with the directions and all the little things you have to remember to play . It 's just way too confusing and not very fun at all . We tried to play for about forty five minutes , and it was just NOT FUN . The cards make no sense , and the whole `` adding skill points '' is to hard to remember . Do n't buy it .
 the size does fit the boy he sank you need to retest your prodouct i wasted time and money on this product i seen it work good for little kids thats why i got it but the larger size did not keep my son up he uses a live vest that works very very well
 I bought this on sale at Big Five . Used it once in the Trinity R. at a kayak launch with strong current out in the middle , and rapids below with no place to get out for a few miles . But I just went out from one small launch area to another and paddled back under the brush . It touched brush and although it was not stuck , it also seemed to leak from thed time I `` put in '' . The valve lets air out if you squeeze it . I could not see any bubbles coming out from the one I could check in the water . Had a great time , but it started deflating by itself on the way back . It is now over half deflated . I paid $ 10 for it . I never used one before and there were NO real instructions . Just said to blow it up , period . We did not know , and blew it up with a bicycle pump . It took forever . I think a gas station pump might work , but , not sure . I 'm returning it . I wish I knew why it leaked .
 THOUGHT THIS WAS FOR RIVER TUBING . IT 'S NOT MAYBE OK FOR A BATHTUB BUT THAT 'S IT . RETURNING TO SELLER . PRETTY SKETCHY DESCRIPTION
 I was drawn to it immediately . Its sleek black finish , its aggressive graphic design , and , lets be honest , it comes with a rope ; this tube appeared to be able to handle almost anything mother nature could throw its way . I knew I was in for a different kind of tubing experience from the time I removed the Rat from its box . As another reviewer noted , it comes with no instructions . The Rat is not for amateurs . It is a tube , you fill it with air and then you have fun . No instructions needed.Like a classy lady though , the Rat does not reveal all that is beneath . I learned this when I connected the air compressor into the first `` nipple '' that I found . Air poured in for about half of a minute but the Rat still appeared flaccid , ineffective , save for what felt like a large tumor roughly the shape of a kidney or male testicle . That is when I learned , like reviewer `` Lord Helmut '' that the Rat has an `` inner chamber that stays filled if the large chamber springs a leak . '' This is a forgone conclusion . I am not entirely sure what synthetic material the Rat 's outer chamber is comprised of , but I am glad that they do n't make condoms , grocery bags , or automobile tires out of this woefully inadequate habiliment . Nonetheless , once the outer chamber was filled I carefully attached the Rat 's most luxurious feature , The Rope . I looked upon the fully inflated River Rat with its black body looking tight and sturdy , its regal rope laced around , and the Rat , with his red nose winking at me as if to say `` Go Ahead you River Rat , you go have fun . '' Unbeknownst to me at the time , that moment , admiring the River Rat 's inspired design was the most enjoyment I would ever extract out of it.I was planning on going on a four hour river float , which , is unfortunately about three and a half hours longer than the River Rat 's useful life . I assumed the inner chamber was included to make for a more comfortable ride , like lumbar support in a car seat . Its practical use is likened more to that of a life boat , intended to save you when the Rats outer chamber inevitably fails . In the end , its hard to say which deflated faster -- the River Rat or my ebullience and admiration for it.Post Script
 When blowing it up -LRB- well before it was full -RRB- , the seams next to the blow up hole split apart . It was about 5 degrees F and the cold seems to make the material it 's made with brittle . I saw the other bad reviews prior to purchasing , and was just hoping those other bad reviews were for rare circumstances with those specific people . But this really is a pretty low quality product .
 I couldnt find the lead time until it was too late . I got the tubes after I needed them . I tried to email True Value 's customer service , since there was n't a number and Amazon said they could n't really help . I have n't used the tubes yet , but do n't want to pay shipping/restocking fees . So overall , I am sure the product is fine , service terrible !!!
 I purchased the tube and when it was delivered it was defective . There was a tear in the part you blow up so the tube would n't hold air . I was unable to patch this part of the tube so it was never used !
 I bought 2 of these , one meant as a gift . One umbrella clip was damaged , the other broke on the first application . On closer inspection , the umbrella clip is a flimsy piece of plastic with a tiny bump that 's supposed to hold up the entire weight of the metal/fabric umbrella.The large cover is difficult to handle and could do with a handle . It is held down by two elastic band that 's a hassle to fasten and release . The elastic band will deteriote quickly when it 's left outdoors in the sun and rain . A simple latch could have been better.A good idea but poorly designed .
 From a parent 's perspective , I think this toy is mediocre . For the money , you would be just as wise to purchase a normal sandbox & swimming pool . The sand and the water are constantly mixed together . The sand constantly is spilled over the edge . The overall sandbox is much smaller than you think . The positives to this sandbox are
 We were very excited when my 2 year old son got this for his birthday last year ; he loved playing with it . Unfortunately , the legs on this are horrible ! Even though we keep this on a flat surface , our deck , the legs did not stay straight . They are flimsy and only held `` in place '' by screws . As much as we tried to prop them straight with cement blocks , they just got worse . I would recommend buying a table with sturdier legs than this one . We now have to go buy a new one because this one did not hold up . Our son never sat in it or climbed on it to make the legs buckle , just in case you are wondering !
 I bought this for my daughter 's first birthday , thinking I would do the sand and water thing together , but actually I ended up buying a sit-in sandpit and separate splash pool just 6 months later , both of which my daughter prefer infinitely . This table is good for making sand castles/pies etc. where you 're mixing water and sand together , but if you want to encourage sand and water play as separate activities then this is is n't really the best thing for the job . Also , do n't kid yourself like I did that a table would be less messy - it is n't . My daughter loves nothing more than to pour sand and water all over the floor - and herself.For the table itself , our plug in the water side leaks , the whole table sags slightly in the middle so the boats get stuck going round the outside edge and if sand does get in the water side -LRB- which it does frequently -RRB- it 's a nightmare to get it back out again as the plug area is raised above the level of the table bottom .
 It is a great table however after a short period of time , water leaks out of the hole and the table is sunk a little in the middle . I believe it is defective however its not like I can send it back . do you have any suggestions .
 My son received this for his 2nd birthday . He loves playing with it , but I am very disappointed with the lack of sturdiness of the legs . It is on our back patio & has not been moved around and 1 of the legs is already buckling in . We have several Step 2 products and have been very pleased , but the quality of this one is pretty poor .
 My husband and I picked this `` natural-looking '' sandbox out for our son because we thought it would look decent in our yard and still be a fun little sandbox to play in . Well that was true , until it rained . So I then found myself having to open the practically useless lid every chance I got when the sun was out to make sure the sand dried out enough for my son to be able to play in it , which was a pain but worked for the time being ... until summer was over and rainy season hit . The last time I checked on it -LRB- it 's now the middle of winter -RRB- it was half full of green water with disgusting drowned bugs and worms in it . I 'm completely disapointed with this sandbox , it had such great potential . If the lid were n't a problem I would 've given it 5 stars , but it 's wothless so it 's lucky to get a 1 . When purchasing this sandbox , the lid seemed as though it would 've served its purpose beause it had a small lip and outer drainage gullies . What I did n't realized is that the lip is n't significant enough and the lid does n't fit properly to be of asset . Now I 'm stuck with a plastic sandbox that ca n't be used as such and about 150lb of slimy green sand .
 I AGREE W / THE OTHER REVIEWS ... EVEN THOUGH IT MIGHT MAKE A NICE ADDITION TO YOUR YARD ... I SPENT MORE TIME TELLING MY SON TO STAY AWAY FROM IT THEN TO PLAY IN IT !!!! IT FILLED UP W / TONS OF RAIN WATER , GRASS CLIPPINGS AND MADE A NICE SPOT FOR INSECTS TO HANG OUT IN . THE LID DID N'T WORK RIGHT FROM THE GET-GO . I ENDED UP GETTING RID OF ALL THE SAND AND FILLED IT UP AS A LITTLE POOL WITH WATER ON REALLY HOT DAYS !!!
 The lid on the sandbox is basically worthless . It never stays on in even the slightest wind and does n't fit on it . We found that out too late . It had already rained and the water collected in the sandbox and had algae growing in it by the time we realized the lid had leaked . Not worth the money spent at all !!
 I have to agree with the other reviewers regarding the lid . Our sandbox always has water in it after it rains . It is a hassle and my daughter does n't understand why she ca n't play in it . I have contacted Little TIkes and they are suppose to send me a credit voucher . Definitely pick out another sandbox .
 This sandbox is worthless due to an exceptionally poor-fitting lid . Rain is not deflected well and instead , much of it drains directly into the basin . After every storm -LRB- and we have lots of storms in the midwest -RRB- , it 's full of water and we have to leave the lid off to allow it to dry out . And it 's not very good at keeping grass clippings out , either . The end result is soggy , dirty sand and a completely disinterested child . We 'll be selling it at our next garage sale if anyone 's still interested ...
 This ball did n't last two hours of normal play . The blow-up tube ripped out and it was very hard to blow the ball up with the tube that was provided . Also , the ` bumps ' were actually quite hard and not all that safe . I would not recommend this product .
 The product package -LRB- not the shipping package -RRB- arrived open , looks like somebody opened it and returned it before . Seller claims it 's manufacturer 's defect.Not safe . It has a lot of air bubbles in the material -LRB- kinda like air trapped in glass -RRB- , which will cause the ball to stretch unevenly under pressure and burst easily . The center seam looks rough , too.No way to select the color . Online picture shows a blue , I got a hot pink . My boy can not play it . This is not `` colors may vary '' , this is drastically different .
 not just this particular one , but the whole spinheads crew is just crap . the only cool thing about this guy is that he has an accent . we thought it would be sweet to get for our son since daddy is a dj , but it really is just not fun @ all .
 I read wonderful reviews from other buyers before buying InteracTv , but I should have read a little further . I too fell in the black hole of having 3 DVD players all not being compatible with this machine . The time spent trying to program this thing made Christmas time unpleasant . -LSB- ... -RSB- They recommend logging on to their website , which is just a glorified instruction manuel . I will be returning this soon . I am very dissappointed -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 After reading other reviews , seems to be the same situation for a lot of people . WHAT A DISAPOINTMENT !!!!! Tried to call Mattel and got a recording that they are experiencing high call volume to call back a a later time . Now I understand why ! Then went to the computer for assistance only to find that my DVD Player `` JVC '' is not compatible . Then Mattel wants you to send it back to them for a voucher to purchase another one of their roducts . VERY DISAPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT !!!!! Was realy looking forward to it helping my child learn :--LRB- :--LRB- : - -LRB-
 -LSB- ... -RSB- It 's a crap shoot if this game will work with your DVD player or not . I have 2 , both of which are less than a year old , & neither will work with it . It 's useless as an educational toy if it is not compatable with the DVD equipment you already own , & you should not have to buy a new DVD player just to make it work .
 Although I had heard complaints of DVD player programming challenges , I figured I was safe since I have not 1 , but 2 new DVD players -LRB- standard and portable -RRB- . What a fool ! My three year old daughter was very excited to use the system on Christmas morning . Too bad it took over an hour to TRY to program . After numerous futile attempts to program the controller to our main DVD player -LRB- JVC -RRB- with the codes provided as well as the manual method , I decided to try it on the portable -LRB- Polaroid -RRB- player . Codes still do n't work . But wait , a glimmer of hope ! The manual program funtion looks like it may have worked !! I load up the Dora card and call in my daughter . Oh wait , just kidding ! The DVD just freezes over and over and over and refuses to work.WHAT A TOTAL PIECE OF GARBAGE . DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK UNLESS YOU WANT TO PUNISH YOUR FAMILY .
 Having read all the negative remarks about this toy , I still decided to give it a try -LRB- against my better judgement -RRB- . I tried to program it with our X-Box before giving it to our 3-year old daughter , to avoid disappointing her . It did not work with our X-Box and I was told by the customer service rep at Fisher-Price that it does not work with X-Box or Playstation . So we got a Panasonic DVD player . I did not have much difficulty programming it , but once we started playing , we would get stuck at certain points in the game and did not have a clue how to move forward . Also , if my daughter pressed the arrows on the controller by mistake , the DVD would start playing from the beginning . My daughter is used to playing computer games and this was probably quite frustrating for her -LRB- and me -RRB- . This toy needs a lot more work to flush out the bugs and like another reviewer my recommendation would be to put your money on a computer game instead .
 The DVD in the main InteracTV box was defective . I could n't get the DVD to play for more than a frame here and there in any of the 6 DVD players in the house.I went ahead with the programming even without using the test card . When I inserted another InteracTV DVD I found the remote to work just fine.I did notice something very interesting on the packaging that made me guess that Fisher-Price knew about the quality problem before these items hit the market . The two titles I purchased separately had a small taped-up slit in the plastic packaging and the DVD had obviously been replaced by a factory representative . In addition , the package had a sticker stating the DVD was made in the U.S. covering the printed label stating the DVD was manufactured in Hong Kong . The discs that had been replaced worked just fine , but the disc that shipped with the main remote control unit was n't replaced and had the made in Hong Kong sticker on it 's package.I 'm dissapointed that Fisher-Price sold me a known defective item just to make the holiday sale . When I tried to call in for service over Christmas , the office hours did n't allow immediate help . I called back Monday morning but received a recorded message stating that call volume was too high and it instructed me to call back later . There was n't even an option to hold on the phone the automated system just hung up on me!For the discs that worked , I thought the length of the program was too short for the money . In addition , the `` interactive '' portion of the program is poorly integrated . It looks like a regular program was chopped up and crudely voiced over by a bunch of kids . I 'll try using the item with my son a few more times before writing the toy off.In general , the toy is disappointing due to the defective setup disc and also due to the poor quality of the interactive portion of the programs .
 We received this toy as present and the mother said `` it took us awhile to get ours to work but our daughter now enjoys the game . '' That was the only info I had on this product and I wish I had more . We have already spent over 3 hours trying to get this to work . We were finally able to get it set-up on the bedroom TV but only Sponge Bob works . Dora and Elmo are just blank screens . I will call customer service tomorrow and really do n't want to waste anymore time on this product . I do n't know if I could ever enjoy this product with the amount of time spent trying to get it to work . It seems easy and you follow the easy directions but you still get no response . If it worked for you , congratulations .
 This is the most frustrating toy we own . I got it about 2 years ago ... and programmed it . It worked okay . Then it was de-programmed somehow ... and when I went to re-program it , the dvd skipped . I sent for a new dvd , and it also skipped in the same spot ... so it sat . Recently , my son found it again in the closet . I sent for yet another dvd , and had to pay for it as it was past warranty . Guess what ? It also skipped . I called customer service and was told it might not work with the dvd player I was trying to use it with -LRB- though it initially did -RRB- . I tried another dvd player , and also had problems programming . I was told that the dvd player was too new for the system and to try holding this button and waiting five minutes and trying several different codes and if one number worked but another did n't , they may have a special code to fix it . Blah , blah , blah . I wasted two hours of my precious time to try to get this to work . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME , especially if your dvd player is on top of your tv , and/or if you have a new tv . I love fisher price , but I am severely disappointed in this toy .
 I read most of the reviews and decided to invest in this product hoping we would have better luck . We spent a frustrating hour trying to set it up - and it still never worked - finally we thought we had inputed the correct code but the system still would ` nt work - called the 1-800 number for help and they dont work weekends . In the meantime my 3-yr old got all excited and was very dissappointed when we told her we would have to return it . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY
 just like most of the other reviews i have read , we had alot of trouble getting this thing to work . did n't work with either of ours or at grandmas house or at other places we tried . finally we ended up buying another cheap dvd player just hoping it would work for our 2 and a half year old . finally a winner out of several different dvd players ! VERY annoying that we had to buy a dvd player just for this toy . my daughter loves it though . but she does get frustrated because it usually only works right for a little while then it does n't read the correct show for what card she puts it . then i have to take the dvd out and restart everything for it to work a little longer . i would n't recomend this toy , although it is fun when it actually does what it is suppose to . but extremely frustrating !
 I had to return the interactv for the 3rd time now and I will not buy it again . some of the buttons dont work and the games you put in the interac dont switch to that game automatically . We also have 4 dvd players and it would only work in one-OUR bedroom . we have all newer dvd players and I just cant believe that it wouldnt work . I was sooooooo excited that my son , who is three could play with this , but it doesnt work properly . so today after looking at all the reviews , I will be taking it back and getting the V smile . I did play with the interactv game in the store and I thought it was wonderful until we got it open and started to play.Thanks -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I bought this for my 3 year old son for Christmas . I let him open the gift thinking there would be no problem programming this . After all , all of my DVD players are a a year or less old . The worst possible has occured and it was not compatible with either !! Now my son is in tears every time he sees the commercial and all Fisher Price had to say was . . So Sorry to bad for you ... maybe if you tried buying another DVD player !!!!!!! I am sure that if my son had the oppurtunity to play with this toy he would love it but , parents beware ... . Try programming this at night while they are sleeping before you give it to them . It saves a lot of tears if you too do not have a compatible DVD player .
 Lousy telephone support call-center ! Apparently Mattel has been overwhelmed with inbound calls . BEWARE !!
 Bought this for my son 's 4th Birthday . My husband tried to set it up with our DVD player and it would n't work with any of the codes in their guide . My husband called Fisher Price who informed him that the controller we bought does not work with our DVD player and that they would have to send us a new one that would work . We received this new controller and it does n't work either . After spending another hour on the phone with Fisher Price , my husband was told that this product would not work for us and that we needed to send them back the 2nd controller and take the original one back to Toys R Us where we bought it . We were out of luck . Called the Toys R Us that I bought it at and was given a lot of attitude but they finally said that I could exchange it for something else . They wanted me to get another InteracTV , but I had to explain to the guy several times that it would n't work . He was very rude and at first told me that it was n't their problem , it was mine because my DVD player was n't compatible . I have a Magnavox DVD player , it 's not like it is some foreign brand . Anyway , I was told I could exchange it for another electronic product there but they would not give me my money back even though I have my receipt . I will exchange it for VSmile but I think it is wrong that they are selling a product that does not work with everyones DVD player and then if it does n't work , not give you your money back . My DVD player is only 2 years old , it 's not to old and it 's not to new . Poor planning on Fisher Prices part and poor customer service on Toys R Us ' part .
 I purchased 2 of the InteracTV controllers this morning for my Twin Girls . Upon setting it up , to thier 3 disc Apex -LRB- AD-5131 -RRB- , it not only did n't work with the Dvd player , but it actually re-set some programming codes IN the dvd player itself . Leaving the DVD not reading any discs , and giving me an error code display.So I called the people at Fisher-Price , and told them what had happened . That I fallowed the Setup instructions , went through about half the codes that where supplied for the apex in the instructions . And suddenly my dvd player changed discs and would no longer read any discs . Fisher-Price told me that they had alot of problems with the InteracTV working with ALL brands multi-disc players . And basically told me to try with a single disc dvd player . They also told me that you can not use 2 remotes at the same time -LRB- which is what i wanted , for my twins -RRB- . So now I have 2 controllers , 2 sets of games and a busted dvd player and one confused Customer Service Represenative.So I called Apex and told them what happened , they told me how to reset the dvd player . Atleast its working now , Next step is to return the InteracTV to wal-mart , and just buy more games for the 2 V-Smiles that I also purchased -LRB- which by they way , work GREAT -RRB- . Bottom Line ... . Does n't work well with 3 or 5 -LRB- or my 403 disc kenwood :-RRB- -RRB- disc dvd players , and can not play with more than 1 controller at a time . But it still looks like a great product , and I hope the people who do get it working , truly enjoy it .
 We bought the Interactive for our 2 1/2 year old as a Christmas gift . When it arrived I opened the package and decided to give it a test run ! What a disappointment . The system does not wok with our DVD player , therefore we ca n't use it . We called Fisher-Price and they walked us thru the manual installation to no avail . Then they sent us a new one ... which does n't work either . We have a sony DVD player ... it is n't like we have an off brand . I am frustrated that there is n't a disclosure that lists what models this item does work with . I would have given this item 0 stars but Amazon wont let me
 My son got this for his birthday from his aunt and everyone had a hard time pressing the keypad and getting the correct things to light up on screen and sometimes when I would put the Dora disk in , I would get Spongebob and when I restarted the dvd it got stuck on a loop and would play the beginning of the Spongebob song over and over . Technology is great but I think they have to keep working on this one if they want it to be as easy as the commercial presents it .
 I was extremely disappointed in this item as it was extremely slow in responding , stuttered when you wanted to move ahead and was generally not very entertaining unless your child is very young and easily occupied .
 My daughter got this for her 4th bday and was so excited to have it . We had a hard time setting it up and the `` Test '' card would not show up as the directions said it would . i called the company and they said they would send me another remote since this one wasnt working . They did so right away except that one wouldnt work either . I called them back and the next person told me that it may not be compatible with my dvd as it only works on 80 % of all dvd players ! WTH ! He then said I could send it back for a voucher for another toy . Yeah sure thats what you can tell a 4 year old . So I tried it at my mother in laws and after a few codes it works there but overall I didnt think the toy was so great or taught them that much . She lost attention after a few minutes and it doesnt let you switch games in the middle . Very disapointing . I have to say that I also have a vsmile and this was so much easier to setup and my daughter loves it .
 Where to begin ... I wish it never did !!! After spending 3 long evenings , and my wife 3 long days trying to get this to work we have finally given up . There is no known code man to program this with our DVD , this is after trying all the codes in the manual , using the web site to find one additional code that also did not work . -LSB- ... -RSB- . The web site is an electronic version of the owner 's manual , and when you have exhausted the code options and think maybe there will be some sort of great diagnostic answer , the web site refers you to the `` customer service call center `` It would have been a better education to give my 3yr the cash and let him learn how to count . Shame on Mattel and Fisher Price on marketing this piece of junk ! This product is sure to drive parents insane , for this parent it has driven us back to the store to get a V-Smile . Worth the extra cost to have something that works !!!!
 My 3yr old received this for his birthday . I thought it was difficult to set up . It reminded me of those universal remotes that take a million different codes to set up . What a pain ! After all that work my 3yr old was bored with it after about 10 mins . Maybe it was the one we had I dunno , but there was a delay whenever he puched the shape/answer so then he kept hitting all of them & then had no interest in it . or maybe my child just does n't have enough patients for this toy .
 My daughter recieved te Interact TV for Christmas , it is now Jan 7 and we are on our 2nd controller . Neither have worked with any of our relitvely new dvd players . My daughter was so excited to get this toy as a present but will never know how much fun it was . Fisher Price is telling me that the toy is not compatible with ANY of my DVD players and to send it back to them and they will credit me for the purchase price . I am sure it is a very fun toy if only you can get past the setup process ... GOOD LUCK to any future owners of the Interact TV
 I do not know where to begin . I think if I had gotten the thing to work this review would be more valuable . My daughter received this toy as a Christmas gift , and was very disappointed when it would not work . She did not understand why Santa would give her a toy that was broken . I think it is very dirty of Fisher-Price to put out a toy that works for some , but not others . Also the money you spend is not worth the time and effort you will expend to find out this toy in incompatible with your DVD player . Now I have to go to the time and trouble to send it back and have it replaced with another FP product . No thank you . I will not be purchasing another costly toy from FP anytime soon .
 This was the big purchase for Christmas for our 4 and 2 year old sons . I have spent the last 6 hours attempting to program the controller . None of our 3 dvd players will read it and none of our dvd players are very old ! I tried all the codes and the manual way and nothing ever worked . The kids have been crying all day . Waste of money and time .
 My husband and I worked on setting up the device for over 2 1/2 hours . We tried all of the codes and even the manual code for the control and none of them worked w/our JVC DVD player . My husband works with electronics all of the time and he said he has never seen a bigger waste of product and the product manufacturers must not know what they are doing . Bad programming on their part . We are taking it back and my 3 year old son is very disappointed . We will not buy another electronic product from them again .
 It 's our only Christmas gift this year that will be going back to the store tomorrow . Out of 4 DVD players in our house only 1 would program and them halfway through the Dora section it decided to quit working . I then had to re-program the system several times before deciding this was not worth the money . I think Fisher Price has a good product in mind , but it is not at all user friendly . I am going to try the V-Smile instead .
 Well , I thought this would be a great idea for my son with autism . He has trouble holding a small device , so the larger interface and the large remote looked promising . Unfortunately , it never worked properly . After spending an hour to program it , it didnt read the cards properly . It was extremely frustrating and disappointing . It was a good idea that has n't been implemented well .
 I purchased a new DVD player just to use with this game . However , the system would not work with the new DVD player . I plan to return the product . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 BEWARE before you buy ! While this looks like a great toy for 3 year olds , it only is if it works ! I spent over an hour trying to program this toy to my Magnavox dvd player -LRB- just a year old -RRB- . I followed all the instructions in the book , tried every code listed twice , then used the manual search for over 30 minutes . All the while with my 3 yr old asking , `` is it programmed ? Can I play yet ? '' Nothing worked . I tried over a dozen times over the course of 4 days to reach their help line . No help . They are n't accepting calls due to unusually high call volume on this product -LRB- that does not bode well -RRB- . I also tried their online help which was also no help . It basically tells you the exact same thing that is in the book , then tells you to be patient . I think I as more than patient investing over 3 hours total trying to program a 3 year olds $ 40 toy . There is finally a link in which you are told , not all dvds are compatible with this sytem . You can then get directions to return it to Fisher-price for Fisher Price vouchers . I do n't think so . I will return it to Amazon where it was purhased and then get my daughter something that works .
 This toy was purchased for my son for Christmas . We have had it one week and three of the four games do n't work . They skip , repeat , and jump sequence . First all games worked beautifully but the elmo and then all the games went downhill from there . games are as someone mentioned above very repeatitive and my son was answering the questions before it was asked . He had it figured out in one day . I took this game back -LRB- ... -RRB- !
 I was unable to get the unit to work with any of my four dvd players -LRB- three different brands -RRB- . It looked like it was going to work with my Apex , but Fisher Price programmed those dvd codes incorrectly -LRB- not all of the buttons worked -RRB- . It did not work with my Toshiba or my Cyberhome DVD Recorder.It took an hour before I could figure out how to even try the codes out , and I am extremely technically savvy . Most of the time I would have to try the code ten times before it would register that I entered it.Since my 3-year-old daughter was upset that it would n't work , I used a regular remote and went through the SpongeBob DVD with her -LRB- with her telling me the buttons to push -RRB- . She enjoyed it , but she never asked about it again . Since it is a DVD , you 've pretty much done everything once you 've been through it one time.We 'll just stick with the computer games , which have more educational value anyway .
 We bought this toy for our 3 year old son for Christmas . He immediately enjoyed playing with it , but had it figured out within minutes . The same questions were asked ... not much to think about . After 1 week of playing with it , the controller did n't work anymore . We tried new batteries , but that was n't the problem . Even though my 3 year old new every question he still enjoyed playing with it and was devastated when it broke . This system needs much improvement .
 I bought this toy for my son for christmas and it has been a WASTE of my time and has been so frustrating to me . The DVD that came with it would n't work in my dvd player . I also had received a free Dora dvd when I bought it.The Dora one worked . I also bought a Blues Clues dvd and that one would n't work either . I went and bought a new DVD player tonight got everything hooked up and got it programmed to the new player and the top left button on the game pad quit working . My son likes it when it plays but I think it is really a piece of junk ! If it worked properly I do n't think it would be that frustrating . I had no problems programming it , I had problems getting it to play the card I had put on the pad . I would put Elmo on and Sponge Bob would play . VERY FRUSTRATING ! -LRB- Especially when you are pregnant and grouchy as it is , this made my mood worse to try and get something to work that does n't ! -RRB-
 Tried many times on our two dvd players -LRB- toshiba & magnovox -RRB- to get this toy to work . I finally thought that I had it programmed on one player when 5 minutes into the game it quit working . My two children and myself are very disappointed in this FP toy . After the two games and the system was purchased I now have -LSB- ... -RSB- . I wil try to return it .
 I could not get the games to work . I set the system up on Christmas afternoon as my eager 3 yr old watched eagerly . After trying everything - Plugging in the codes for my DVD player OVER & OVER & OVER , then trying the manual set up instructions OVER & OVER , I gave up . You should have seen the poor girl 's face . She kept telling me she wanted to play Dora . I wanted her to be able to play Dora , too!Then I tried again when my daughter was n't around . Still no luck . I went to the website and tried their instructions . None of the recommendations allowed the system to work , so I typed in my address for them to send me a new controller . I still have not received it . I have tried EVERY day since I bought the system to talk to Fisher Price on their toll free hotline , but the call volume is so high , a recording told me to call back and I was hung up on EVERY TIME.I like Fisher Price Products , but this one is not up to par and I can not recommend it until they fix it . -LSB- ... -RSB- Once again , with my daughter on pins and needles watching me , I could not get past the programming screen - even to test the product.I really feel as though this caused my daughter and me unnecessary frustration . I bet when you have a DVD player that allows the games to be played , this is quite a product . But unfortunately , I will have to return the 2nd system .
 We got this for our 3 yr old for Christmass . Tried for several months to get it to work with our TV , we even got a new TV just for this thing and it never worked ! We had 4 different adults try to get it to work and it just never did .
 We purchased this game for our son for christmas last year 2004 . He has n't been able to use it because it will not work on the three different dvd players we own . We were able to get the controller to work on our RCA during the programming stage but then the dvd player would not recognize the A button on the test card for the controller . We have tried ALL the different codes that Fisher Price has put out on their website for all three dvd players we own and none of them work . I would LOVE to know what brand and model that the people who got theirs to work own ... Can anyone helps us ?
 I have 3 words to say about this product ... . Awful , Awful , Awful ! I have never been so disappointed in a toy or in Fisher Price for that matter . What a nightmare . I have 3 DVD players , 2 of which are about a year old and one that is about 5 years old . The only DVD player it worked with on a `` when it felt like it '' basis was the oldest one . My 3-1/2 year old was SO sad that she could n't play it . What a HUGE let down for a child on Christmas . I tried several times to call only getting a message that they were having high call volume and to call later followed by a click and dial tone ! I called the normal conusmer relations line and actually got a human being who told me they could not answer any questions about the InteracTV product and would have to transfer me , then I sat on hold for 45 mintues to no avail . I finally hung up . What a waste !! I do n't think I will be purchasing another Fisher Price product for quite some time because of this.Luckily because this was a gift from Grandma and we had no receipt and the packaging was thrown away with all the other Christmas wrapping , Toys R Us gladly took it back and gave us store credit.PLEASE SAVE YOUR CHILD 'S DISAPPOINTMENT AS WELL AS YOUR FRUSTRATION AND DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 i bought this for my son for christmas and all 4 dvds that go with it . we were all very excited to start using this , so we tried using almost as soon as my son unwrapped it . we were suprised -LRB- since we hadnt seen these reviews before -RRB- that not only did it not work on our living room dvd player , but it didnt work on the other 3 dvd players in the house or the mobile one in the van . i 've wasted probably 4 hours trying to program this to work , only to find out , according to fisher price , that it is not compatible with any of our dvd players.not only has this been a huge waste of time and money , it made my son very upset when it wouldnt work . all fisher price will do is issue me a merchandise credit . well , i for one will not be purchasing anything else electronic from fisher price again.i am waiting to see if they are going to give me a merchandise voucher on the dvds , we opened them , not thinking for a second that the system wouldnt work . so they are non returnable as well.i warn anyone that is considering purchasing an interactv to beware of the possibility that it will not work on your dvd player . is it worth the risk . i think not .
 I bought the InteracTV for my special need grandson , and he loved it . He was slowly getting to the point where he could work it , and he was thrilled , as we were . Without any warning it just stopped working . I traded it in to Toys R Us for another system , but after inserting the programming card and watching the green light come on , the player would not allow any codes to be put into it . We tried many times as my grandson cried . I went to K Mart and bought another system . The same thing happened . We are puzzled and frustrated . We want very much to figure this out . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This game system was an excellent idea , only it does n't work . I called Fisher Price because I could n't get it to work with my daughters new tv/DVD Combo or with my DVD player . I got it to prgram into mine , but then the A button did n't work and the game did n't load . She was very disappointed , and you ca n't really explain faulty programming to a 2 1/2 year old.Fisher price told me to go out and buy a Magnavox DVD player because it worked well with them . I took the system back instead . Be very careful , when purchasing this item . I would suggest calling Fisher Price before purchasing to ensure your DVD player will work with it . I had to take the system and two packs of software back to the store.I got my daughter several toys instead , because I did n't think she was old enough yet for the VSMILE , but maybe next year .
 We also had problems hooking this up to our DVD player ... and we are intelligent people !!!! My son got it as a gift but it took so long to hook up he started losing interest . Then we finally got it programmed and the test card did n't work . -LSB- ... -RSB- It looked like it was going to be cute/fun but it has flaws and needs work ! Great idea though .
 I bought this toy for my little boy two weeks before christmas . I had a hard time finding it because it was sold out at most stores . When I did get one , I thought I had lucked out . It turns out I had run out of luck . I have not been able to program this with My Philips DVD . I did have better luck than most programming other DVD players , My toshiba and Emerson Dual VCR/DVD . All the buttons worked , but the program does not always recognize the card you put in . I would not recomend this product . I was most disappointed with Fisher Price customer service . They refused to answer any calls about this unit at the call center and the Web Site had program language errors on the interactv wizard . Many of the codes in the book and online can not be programmed with the unit . I hope fisher price had a crummy christmas , because I did trying to program this unit .
 i have spent the better part of three days trying to get this stupid toy to work , and to get in touch with fisher price ! Can not get through to them -LRB- high volume of calls -- must tell me something there , like everyone is having a problem !!! -RRB- i have three different dvd players , daewoo , apex , and cyberhome-the only one this worked on was my son 's cyberhome -LRB- which is in his room , and he does n't want his sister in there -- she 's younger , and destroys his things -RRB- . i asked my mom to buy it for my daughter , and she did -LRB- for Christmas -RRB- , and now my daughter ca n't even play with it-i am really surprised at fisher price , i thought they were a really good company with good products , but after this i will make sure i read online reviews BEFORE buying one of their products -- good luck if you did buy it -- i 'm getting my money back , and then some , i have a really disappointed child now .
 InteracTV would n't work with our DVD player . After calling Fisher Price , we received two more models to try to no avail . We tried not only on our DVD player , but on another family member 's DVD player and nothing would work . We even tried going through the set up process while on the phone receiving step-by-step instructions from Fisher Price , but nothing worked . So this year , my daughter received nothing from her parents for her birthday and we 're still waiting for the refund check which will hopefully get here in time for Christmas .
 We bought this toy for our 3yr olds birthday . Was very excited that there was a game that was educational at the same time fun and had no wires to get in her way . Her Mimi and Papa bought her a Disney TV and DVD player just so she could play her new game . We get it home and after getting thru the `` parent proof '' packaging , we come to only find out that it will not work with Disney DVD or for that matter any of the DVD players we own , Pionner , Apex . Customer service tried to get it to work on the last 2 but we would get as far as the test card and it did not work . I belive that they put this product out way too soon and way too fast . It is a great idea , and if you can be succesful with your DVD player it would be great . However if you are planning on using this product with Disney DVD -- do n't waste your time , Customer Service said they doubt if they will ever get it to work with that system .
 The advertisement said - `` will work with the DVD player in your home ... '' NOT TRUE - In fact this toy will NOT work on MOST DVD PLAYERS . Despite a list of manufacturer codes - most models of dvd players even from the same manufacturer will not work . Target did not have a single DVD player that would work ewith the game . Cost me $ 80 and 3 days to find a dvd player that works . Do n't let some kid 's Christmas be ruined - either open up the toy and test it with an existing DVD player OR DO N'T BUY THIS TOY.Game play when working was mediocre at best - most Playstaion or PC educational game titles work much better and are far more interactive . If you have a computer or game console do n't waste your hard earned cash on this - buy software instead !!!!
 I have spent the last four hours of our Christmas evening trying to get the InteracTV to work . I have tried everything including attempting to locate additional manufacture codes on the internet to see it they will work . Word of advice for anyone planning on purchasing this unit , open the box take out the `` User 's Manual '' , and the handheld controller and go to the electronics department of the store . Then following the `` manual instructions '' walk around and press the left button until you see one of the display DVD players turn on or off . Then buy that DVD player because that is the only way you are going to be able use this item . Very very disappointed . I plan on returning this tomorrow . What a marketing idea , create a cartoon based learning system of all our childrens favorite cartoons and then make it impossible for them to use . What a poor solution to a wonderful idea .
 I purchased the InteracTV for my three year old last year for a Christmas present , my sister-in-law purchased the VSmile for her son that is the same age . We have had the InteracTV set up and have tried several times to play it . It goes fine for about 15 minutes , and then it locks up . I put it away in Feburary because I thought that maybe my daughter was not ready for it . So today -LRB- Oct 1 -RRB- she asked if we could get it back out , so we did . And I remember now why I put it up . She got through two cards of the Blue 's Clue 's game and then it would not read the third card . I changed the batteries and also checked the FAQ 's on FP web site and still no luck . My nephew on the other hand can turn on the VSmile himself and plays it with no problems at all . My daughter can use it easily as well when we visit them . I loved the idea of the InteracTV and my daughter likes the characters better , but it is just not fun for her or educational when it doesnt work . I wish that I had spent the extra money last year for the VSmile , it would have been worth it . Maybe this year I will listen to my sister in law .
 We purchased this for my 2-year old for Christmas . The first one never worked -- the setup completely failed , despite our DVD player being a `` compatible '' model . We exchanged the item for a new one and was able to program it fine . However after one day , the games no longer played . The DVD player would read the game system but not the game cards.Two failed systems in four months warrants no stars , but that is not an option here . It is frustrating to have a toddler excited about a new toy that continues to fail her . I would wait until the glitches are out of this system before buying ; The concept of this toy is great but the system as it is now , is seriously frustrating , flawed , and monetarily wasteful .
 My son is gon na be three in May I bought this toy for him because he loves Elmo and Blues Clues . I thought it would be a great idea to get it since he is gon na be going to school but this toy is not the best for young children . First of all he has not played with it for 5 times and the bottons are already acting up . Even if he pick the right answer sometimes it just does not recoginze it and tells you that the answer is wrong . What a fustrating toy . I will return it and would not advise any parent getting this toy . Just a BAD IDEA . .
 On Friday night , it was cold & snowy , I said to my 2 1/2 year old daughter , let 's go get that Interac TV at Target , that way we will have something fun to do for the weekend . Well ... later , we got the toy home , I put the dvd in my DVD player , and the DVD player gave an error message : `` the disk you have inserted is damaged . '' How could this be ? , I tried cleaning the `` brand new '' dvd , cleaning my dvd player , this could n't be happening . Two hours later , I was fed up . Saturday morning we exchanged the toy @ Target for another one . We got the toy home & put the disk in the DVD player , it worked ! ... until we went to program the controller ... the top left quadrant of the controller , did not work , at all ! I entered all 23 codes for my RCA Brand dvd player & none of them would make the top left part of the controller work . Two hours later , I accepted this toy is a dud ! So my disappointed 2 yr old & I returned the item to Target & got a refund . I spent 4 hours this weekend on this toy , when I could 've just read my daughter a book !
 This toy looks like it would be fun if you could get it to work . We tried programming the controller on three dvd players and even bought a new one just for this game . None of them `` were compatable '' with the system . My daughter keeps finding it and getting very upset because she wants to play with it . We are still trying other dvd players because we ca n't return it ... the box got thrown out on Christmas by accident .
 We received this toy as a gift for our 3 year old daughter . We never got the thing to work . We were confused about parts of the programming and testing of the controller . The instructions could have been a lot better . After miraculously getting the controller programmed -LRB- we think -RRB- . The dvd sound and audio skipped so bad it was unusable . Upon examination , the dvd was badly scratched . We contacted the toll free service number and were hung up on multiple times due to high call volume . The website was also totally useless for help . We finally reached a service rep through another Fisher Price toll free number we got off the website . The service rep basically confirmed our suspicions that the controller could not be used with certain types of dvd players -LRB- like old or cheap ones -RRB- . We just happened to be have a player which supposedly worked good with the controller -LRB- Toshiba -RRB- . We requested and received another dvd in the mail which skipped just as bad as the first . After contacting the service center again , we received yet another dvd in the mail which -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- skipped and was unusable . After a few weeks of this aggravation we gave up and took it back to the store . I normally would not take the time to do one of these reviews , but I 'm hoping to help others not go through this hassle . If the Fisher Price people are smart , they read these reviews on their products and will start to get the message on this product by how many of us are dissatisfied . I did n't even know about these reviews until after I had trouble with my InteracTV . I wo n't make that mistake again . Do yourself a favor and go buy a VSmile instead . It works , it 's cute and my daughter loves it .
 We bought this for our daughter who is three along with 3 of the other disks and no matter what dvd unit we tried to have it work on IT DOES NOT WORK . The codes are not accepted and we have 4 DVD players in the home from different makers . I would not recommend this gift to anyone unless they want their child heartbroken over not being able to play with it .
 I asked my son 's grandmother to buy this product for my 2 year old . We have a less tahn 2 year old DVD player and this product does not work with it . It does work with our portable DVD player . Here is the thing ... When you call Fisher Price , the recording says something like `` We are experiencing heavy volume calling . Please call back at another time '' . This has been since Christmas Day and today is January 5th . At tis point we may just have to go out and buy a cheap DVD player just to use this product . I am very disappointed in FP for not at least answering the line . I will never ever buy another FP Product . They launched a product that requires more tech support than installing batteries and they ca n't handle it . This is poor customer relations . Thank goodness for Leap Frog and other companies that offer better learning toys anyway.Just make sure you know this product works with your DVD player before buying it !! I give FP a big Zero and a middle finger !! As far as my rating is concered , You have to check at least 1 star to get this submitted .
 Although the manufacturer does n't inform you ahead of time , if you are planning on using this system with an RCA DVD player , forget about it ! It is not compatible , as I found out after unsuccessfully trying their help line several times -LRB- they wo n't accept calls due to a high volume of calls regarding this product -RRB- , and finally being referred to their website . If you have an RCA do n't even bother trying to program the codes listed in the instruction book , the website flat lets you know right off the bat that none of them work . Poor planning on the part of the manufacturer , if you ask me . I 'm glad this was n't my son 's `` big '' Christmas gift this year , or there would have been major disappointment . Luckily , since they 're aware of this situation , if you sign up at the Mattel website and the system is incompatible with your DVD player , they 'll pay for postage to ship it back to them and then send you a voucher good for an equivalently priced toy from Mattel . I suggest just avoiding it in the first place .
 and take your dvd player to the store to see if the Interac TV controller is compatible with it ... SERIOUSLY.This was to be Santa 's `` special '' gift to my 4 and 6 year olds , the kit and the additional Dora dvd . I did n't even have a Grinch costume to tell them that I was taking it back to the shop ... : - -LRB- We have two dvd players.The RCA is less than 6 mo. old and has about a dozen or so codes that we could try . The first appears to work , initially . Swapping activity cards leads to unpredictable results . It has an Elmo fixation with just a dash of Sponge Bob though abut 10 % of the time we got Dora . The dvd player 's menu keeps popping up everytime that you swap cards and I finally learned to get it to stop by double-pumping the card . The dvd with the kit stops during the Dora intro . Sometimes I can fast forward though the setup intro and sometimes I ca n't . The kids now leave the room whenever I try and get the machine working and on the three occasions that I thought I had it working I was not able to leave the room before it stopped functionning.The 18 mo. . KOSS dvd is worse . It has only one code which does not appear to work at all . Of course I should n't be surprised since that single code has an asterisk indicating that it 's for a combo unit . Forget about manual programming . I 've spent at least 20 minutes pressing that back button . There 's no indication of the time you have to wait between presses and you 'd need a display to show you which code you 're trying . Did they really expect me to cycle through 10,000 codes?The -LRB- 800 -RRB- number has disconnected me 5 times due to high volume ... no wonder ! -LSB- ... -RSB- redirects you to a totally useless site.It 's a shame really since the people who got it working appear really enthusiastic about it . I hope that both Fisher-Price and Matel will have lots of egg on their faces due to this fiasco .
 I purchased this toy as a Christmas gift for my 4 year old daughter and after ten attempts to program it I never got it to work . Much to her disappointment and my annoyance . What I thought would be great fun turned to be a great waste !
 I was so excited to get this for my kids for Christmas . After much research between this and V-Smile ... I decided this was the perfect gift because there were no wires , and it seemed that the graphics were better . Fisher Price always makes great products . Christmas Night was the biggest waste of 2 hours trying to get this thing to work . 2 screaming kids and a screaming headache and I finally gave up figuring I was doing something wrong . After talking with my cousin and boss finding out they had the same problems with this - I decided to check out what everyone had to say on this site . Much to my surprise , everyone else seemed to have the same problem . What a shame . The concept was there - they just rushed it for Christmas . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I wish I had read the reviews before I went through hours wasting my time with two different controllers . Not compatible with my RCA player ; I could get all of the buttons working except for the `` A '' button . Needless to say , both have been returned and NEVER AGAIN.I am also disapointed with the Fisher Price LACK OF Customer support . What a shame ... I always trusted their products in the past .
 I keep reading the reviews of the people who are incredibly forgiving that this thing does n't work with all DVD players and ca n't help but wonder if you work for the manufacturer . I 've tried it on both my players - 2 years old and 6 months old - and it does n't work with either . Of course the Consumer line is closed . I 'm disappointed in a -LRB- former -RRB- trusted brand - Fisher Price . They should stick to what they know .
 Do n't waste your money , I bought this item 3 weeks ago , I wished I 'd tested it then instead of waiting on Christmas . It took me 3 hours to try and program it on my Philips DVD player and no matter how many attempts I could not get the button in the A position to work -LRB- all others did -RRB- until I went to the web site and found out that my DVD was n't compatible with the system.What a big `` oops '' for Fisher Price and a sad disappointment to one lil 3 year old!They had good intentions , but they sure did n't get the item tested before it was marketed !
 My son was really looking foward to this , but it not compatible with our surround sound DVD player . Buyer beware .
 My husband and I bought this for our three children -LRB- An 8 yr old ,3 yr old , and 19 mth old -RRB- We were so excited about the kids playing with it since it 's a educational gift too!Esp the Spongebob game for my 3 yr old Joey.We spent two hours on Christmas Day trying to set this thing up.I do n't understand because our DVD players are n't that old and we even tried it on our newest Tv which is a combo and nothing ! -LRB- Thanks for trying Gary ! -RRB- I am very diappointed and I am returning it ASAP.I will not be purchasing the V Smile because I think all of these toys are overrated.And not worth $ 60 dollars!All that waiting for nothing!Don ' t buy this toy !
 My son received this for Christmas . My husband and I tried and tried to program it , to no avail . My son was very upset and we tried to console him by telling him we would call the number on the back of the manual for assistance . They were closed for the weekend which we understood . Called on Monday received a recording that said they were dealing with a high call volume , and to check a website and call back if still having a problem . The website was not helpful . I can believe the high call volume , I 'm sure there are alot of other frustrated parents with disappointed children . I believe this will be a good educational toy as some have said , but they need to work on the programming problems , so you can actually use it .
 I did my research and read all the reviews on Fisher Price 's InteracTV . I did take pause when I read a number of reviews that complained about compatability issues and such , but I figured that there was always some idiot out there who did n't follow the directions ! So when amazon ran a special on the system , I grabbed one . Then I spent 30 minutes trying to make the darn thing work ! I read the directions , looked up the code for my dvd unit and proceeding with the setup , which seemed quite elementary . Elementary that is until the code did n't work . Never worry , Fisher Price listed a solution to this problem ; unfortunately that did n't work either , and Fisher Price has the nerve to let their employees have Saturday off - so no help from customer service ! Next I tried our second dvd player , and the code took the first time , but the test card would not work . The player kept reading different screens from the ones that I placed in it , and I grew increasing frustrated . Eventually I got through the setup process . I tried the included disc to see if my soon to be three year old son would enjoy it . He has only recently started to show an interest in watching tv , loves pushing buttons -LRB- what toddler does n't ! -RRB- , and I thought this would be a great game for him to play that let him see shows while interacting with them , not just sitting there like a couch potato . Well , it starts out like a tv episode , then the screen freezes -LRB- which would probably set my son off -RRB- , and a picture of the controller appears with the main character asking a question for the child to answer with the controller . On the episode that I played , Elmo was very hard to understand . When I answered incorrectly , I was startled that Elmo said something to the effect of `` NO - that 's not what Elmo was thinking about '' , in a somewhat abrupt tone . When I tried to answer differently , I had to wait for Elmo to finish with his speech before it would even recognize my answer . So the kid could answer correctly , but never know it because Elmo is still telling him that he is wrong from before . I was incrediably disappointed by the slowness of the unit , and its lack of responsiveness . I rried one more question and gave up before I died from boredom . This toy would not pass muster with my son , and would likely be thrown in record time . I repackaged the thing -LRB- no small task mind you -RRB- , and took it back to the store -LRB- amazon was sold out when I placed my order -RRB- , where the customer service lady was not at all surprised to have it returned . Do n't waste your money or time on this disappointment from Fisher Price .
 Those that got this to work ... what DVD and age of DVD do YOU have ? Setup was horrible ! The compatibility of DVDs should have been listed on box . We tried 3 DVD players - one is 6 months old , one is a little over a year and one is 3-1/2 years old . All are different brands too ! The codes worked fine to shut off the DSS and the VCR ! It never would respond properly to the DVD so setup was a nightmare ! I too wish I would have read reviews before purchasing this for my granddaughter ! It sure was disappointing for her and us ! How do you rate a toy you can not actually try ? The instructions were of no help either . VERY disappointed !
 At 2 yr old my son could work the DVD player , he could put his own movie in and get the remote and Know which buttons to push to skip the previews and get right to the movie . Now at 3 years old he has his own Play station 1 ; that he can play all by himself !! He puts in Winnie the pooh pre-school game and can play the Whole game without any help from me . When I saw the interactv DVD I thought this will be great , since it combines DVD and video game together he 'll love this.I setup it up in less then 5 minutes and hand him the controller , he only played for 10 minutes then turn it off and has n't touch it for Months . I ask him if he 'd like to play it again with me and he said `` no it 's boring you only match shapes '' so I sat down and played it by myself and I agree it is boring . First you have to watch the character do there little talk -LRB- same talk every time you put the DVD in -RRB- then you have to Match the shape on the pad , to the shape on the TV that is IT !!! Not very challenging to someone who already knows all his letters , numbers and shapes . I also bought him sponge bob , Dora and Elmo plus the DVD that came with it and it 's All the Same ; Matching Shapes , except Sponge bob you do have to find the patty missing the pickle which of course is Not very hard , I see why my son finds it boring.He learns a lot more from his play station Winnie the pooh , like finding missing letters , counting numbers , painting , spelling , and Matching that is very challenging . If your child is already playing video games then the interactv is not for them . I agree with the other reviews if your child still does n't know their shapes or how to match then they 'll love interactv , that is until they learn their shapes .
 My son is 4 and has only played with this toy 5 times and some buttons are already not registering that he he touched it . He becomes very frustrated because it tells him he has the wrong answer even when he is right . Concept of this toy is great but the actual toy stinks . Not to meantion that we had to buy a new DVD player just to be compatable with this toy . Probably will end up selling it on Ebay with hopes of getting some of my money back . Very disappointing .
 I bought this toy for my daughter for Christmas and it never worked.We tried it on every dvd player in the house -LRB- 3 -RRB- and it would not play.We read the directions and tried a few things but it did n't help.Before noon Christmas day we put it away so my daughter would n't see it and be dissapointed.We didnt have a lot to spend at Christmas and I wish I had bought something else.I dont have the reciept so I guess it will go in the garbage .
 My mohter purchased this for my 3 year old daughter and she was so excited to play with it on christmas day . unfortunately we could n't get it to work with our first dvd player which is a phillips . so since our old dvd player was more than 3 years old , we decided to buy a newer one any way cause we wanted a combo and that does n't work with it either . I then asked my neighbor to try it on her dvd combo and surprisingly it works . It took less than a minute to program . It really is a cute toy and her kids loved it so she is going to buy it . Unfortunately for mine we will have to get something else .
 I 'm sure that for those of you that actually get this toy to work , it 's very fun and educational . I assumed that since I have THREE DVD players by THREE different manufacturers that one of them would be compatible with this toy . SO NOT THE CASE ! My kids were so disappointed because they were really looking forward to interacting with all their favorite TV characters . You can only imagine the looks on their little faces when I told them it had to go back to the store ! I would recommend , if you 're going to try this , to see if it 's compatible with your player first BEFORE you tell your kids you bought it !
 We received this toy for christmas and it would not work with either of the 2 dvd players that we own . I was very disappointed woth fisher price . I also called the help line -- thought i may have been doing something wrong , but it turned out it just would not work with our dvd players . Fisher Price did send me a pre - paid postage to send it back and i received a voucher for $ 45.00 -- the retail price , but now i am disapointed because i would rather have the money then the voucher because i wanted to get the v-smile instead and now i am stuck getting a new fisher price product that i dont want .
 This item is not very 3 year old friendly , both my husband and I thought it was difficult to use as well . The control has to be pointed directly at the DVD in order to work -LRB- much like an actual tv remote -RRB- I do n't think this is very practical to exspect a 3 year old to sit completely still in order to have the remote angled directly at the DVD player . We returned ours . Hope This HELPS you !
 My 2 1/2 year old received this as a x-mas present . I had to manually set the control with the DVD player . I could n't get it to work so my husband tried and had no problem . That lasted about 1 day . My son wants to play with it so we tried to re-program it and we could n't get it to work again . I will be returning it to the store . This was a great disappointment . I will pick something else up for my son that he will enjoy . Save your money . It is not worth it .
 How excited we were to get this , it looked great . Until trying to program it . The toy was great fun for my 4 year old , when it worked which was just about a day . We have a Toshiba DVD player and none of the codes worked so we used the automatic programming . It worked , but then the controller stopped working . I tried for days to reprogram it but to no avail . When I called Fisher Price they suggested I change the batteries ! Customer service was poor and we are returning this toy to but V-Smile .
 We purchased this toy for our 3 year old daughter for christmas . We got it to program to the dvd player just fine but then it would n't work correctly . When she tried to play the dora game , the elmo game popped up . The spongebob and dora games would not work at all . Everytime we tried to play it would want us to reprogram the controller again . I had to return this toy and will not be buying another one . It was way to glichy not to mention frustrating for us and our daughter .
 I HAD GRANDMA BUY THIS FOR MY 2 YEAR OLD , AND I SPENT HOURS TRING TO GET IT PROGRAMED ON ANY OF OUR 4 DVD PLAYERS . AFTER ATEMPTING TO CALL I GOT TWO CHOICES
 I think it was put on the shelves way to early . There are so many kinks in the system . we got it on Wednesday . After trying for like 30 minutes to get it to work with our dvd player I had to call cs . They went through it with me about 3 times . You are supposed to enter a code and it will have 3 short and 1 long blink . Well the only one that did n't do this was the one that actually worked ... sort of . Ok so it comes with dora , sesamestreet , and spongebob on the same disk . in order to switch from one game to the next we could n't just switch the card on the hand held part ... . we had to oped yhe dvd and then reclose and then speed past the set up instructions EVERY TIME . You ca n't just push the menu button to get it back to the main screen you had to do all that . Then once we actually got it to play one the differect characters talked forever before asking a question . When you pushed the button to answer you have to hold it for a second for it to register on the screen . Also I know it says for ages 3 and over but some of the questions are pretty advanced or hard to actually pick out the answer based on the pictures . I think a 3 year old -LRB- ones that KNOW all their shapes , numbers , colors and letters -RRB- might get very frustrated and confused with this . Also I think the cards that you insert are a bit to flimsy . We are going to return ours tomorrow . It seems like other people have had a better experience but ours was bad . Our dvd player is less than a year old so that could n't have been the problem . Good luck with your decidion
 I had Grandma buy this toy for my daughter 's 5th birthday . There were immediate problems with this system not being compatible with our DVD players . We have 4 DVD players in our home , it only worked on 1 DVD player and even then it only worked sporatically . When I called for help with the other 3 players I was told that the system was not compatible with those players . Like other people who have left reviews - my DVD players are not old , they are less than 2 years old . The other issue I have with this player is when my daughter was able to make it work she had the games figured out within 1 or 2 times of playing the games . So when her 4 year old friend came over , my daughter would press the answers before the questions were even asked . Overall - I would not reccomend for over age 4 , maybe even age 3 . I would also HIGHLY recommend calling Fisher Price BEFORE purchasing this item to see if your DVD systems will even work with it . I also was lucky enough to have a very nice manager at Toys R Us let me return this -LRB- even though I did not have packaging or receipt -RRB- - mainly because I bought a V-Smile from him in it 's place . I would definately recommend V-Smile over this item if you are deciding between the two . V-Smile games go up to age 7 age groups . My daughter has loved playing with the V-Smile and has 4 games for it .
 after reading some reviews , we decided to buy this for our 4 year old daughter and 2 year old son -LRB- to grown into -RRB- ... but got lucky and were able to borrow it from a friend to `` try out '' . All I can say is THANK GOODNESS !!!! We were about to seriously waste a bunch of money !!! THe educational value of the Spongebob cartridges is about ZERO ! On top of that , they feature a Spongebob episode that teaches kids to memorize `` POOP '' . You are wondering now if I 'm kidding , right ? Well NO I 'm not . Apparently it stands for `` People Order Our Patties '' but all I know is my 2 year old now sees Spongebob and yells `` POOP ! '' at the TV . Great!Most of the other learning skills we saw on the games we tried -LRB- Spongebob , Dora , Blues Clues -RRB- were VERY toddler skills -LRB- colors , shapes , etc -RRB- or nonexistent . Not to say my 4 year old did n't have FUN , she did , but why let them sit and play junk like that when there are products out there like the Leapster , that actually TEACH something ????
 Since my husband and I are still big video game geeks , we thought this woud be the perfect toy to bring our three year old son into ` our ' world , while still teaching him the stuff he needs to learn at his age . We 're still waiting to see it happen.First off , when we purchased it , the DVD that comes with it was so well taped into the box that the tape had gotten all over the disc , including the backside . We cleaned it off , just to find out that the set up between the toy 's main unit and our player was n't working . So we called and ordered a clean game disc -LRB- The phone help WAS very polite -RRB- . We waited another two months to get the new disc , only to again have problems setting it up . Neither the codes for our DVD player , nor the auto-set up worked.I would love to comment on the games and the programs , but to this date , we still have n't found a DVD player in my family that it works with -LRB- and none of them are more than a year old - you 'd think if this works in peoples vans it would work in most DVD players ! -RRB-
 I received this toy for my now 3-year old girl for Christmas . I have read the positive reviews from people who just ca n't imagine how anyone can have trouble setting this thing up . Folks , here 's the deal . It just does not work with all DVD players . I have an older RCA model , and I noticed from the reviews that another person had had the same problem with her RCA DVD player in that the upper left button on the interac controller does not work , no matter how many times you try to reprogram it . So , if you want to take a gamble that this toy might be compatible with your DVD player , go ahead and buy it . But , if it does not work
 WE purchased this toy for our daughter 's 3 year old birthday . The night before , we decided to set it up . First of all , the set up for us did not follow the instructions AT ALL . AFter an hour of trying to figure out why our set up procedures did n't match the booklet , we finally got it to work . It was really really boring . You have to watch more than you have to interact ... and watch and watch and watch before you get asked a very simple question . NOt enough interaction . ADditionally , the material was boring as well ... our daughter knew all the material already and we did n't find that it was any more educational than sitting a kid down in front of Noggin or PBS ! THe interaction level is VERY low . WE opted for tons of art supplies instead and the traditional scissors , paper , glue , and tons of colors and interesting items to glue onto the papres have served far better than this !
 Do n't waste your time and child 's hopes on this one . Overall the system seemed like a great idea , so I bought it . Received it today , and it WILL NOT WORK at ALL with all 3 of my tv setups . The dvd players are compatable , the problem is the location of the players . I have them on top of my television , I have a widescreen , and in my room and daughters room they are on a shelf above the TV . If you do not have a dvd player DIRECTLY in FRONT of where your child will be sitting , dvd at lap level FORGET IT , it WILL NOT WORK . Major dissapointment and flaw with this system . Returning to Amazon today , and getting the Vsmile instead , at least it has cords and will work wherever .
 Good luck programming this thing . You 'll have better odds at the casino . My mother bought it for our daughter for Christmas and we 'll be returning it this week.Our main DVD player is our Xbox . Unfortunately , the InteracTV can not be used with Xbox -LRB- or PS2 -RRB- . So we took it back to the bedroom where have a RCA TV/DVD combo . The instruction manual listed about 10 different RCA remote codes and only two of them were for combo units . Neither worked . So we tried some of the other RCA codes . One other code worked with the exception of the top left touchpad button , which I thought was odd . -LRB- I thought it may be a bad sensor on the pad but discovered it was n't , as it had worked when we were entering various codes . -RRB- Needless to say , this made the system useless as you have to be able to use all of the touchpad buttons . I went to the Fisher Price web site to search for more codes . They had added a few additional codes but the unit WOULD NOT EVEN ACCEPT some of the codes . For example one of the codes was 1012 . The unit would not accept the last digit of the code . The little light would light up when the first three digits were pressed , but not the last one . That digit worked at all other times -LRB- as part of other codes and later during gameplay -RRB- so I know it was n't a defective touchpad . It just would not accept the code.So we tried to play a little with the one button not working , but the games are somewhat repetitive ; watcha little , press a button , watch a litle more , press another button . My 3 year old girl quickly got tired of it.If the unit was more compatible then I would probably have a slightly more favorable review , but even so this unit is not all that Fisher Price makes it out to be . Stay away from InteracTV !
 Tried 3 different DVD players - Did not work at all.It is a shame because I love the idea of this toy . I should have listened to the reviews .
 I do not recommend this product . Poorly designed product with absolutely NO customer support . What were Fisher Price and Mattel thinking ? Not only does it work only sporadically with the no name DVD we have and not at all with the 3 popular name DVD players we have , but we can not get ANY customer assistance from Mattel or Fisher Price this holiday season . The web site the 888-892-6123 # directs you to tells you they have high call volume and hangs up on you -LRB- not even an option to hold -RRB- . The web site has no content listed in a critical drop box required to submit for online help . I will NEVER buy another Fisher Price product with any level of complexity as a result of this experience . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is a horrible toy ! We bought it for our 4 year year old for Christmas . It will not work on our Apex DVD player . We tried all the codes and only 1 worked . Well sort of , 1 button will work . My daughter was in tears my husband was frustrated . Wish I 'd never bought this because now I 'm going to face a 3 hour long return line trying to get a new present from Santa ! I can guarantee it wo n't be made by Fisher Price !
 This toy just does not work . Please do not waste your money on it . This is possibly the worst toy I have seen and used .1 . Bad design and never kid tested .2 . Freezes up frequently .3 . Navigation is a disaster .4 . Very little content .5 . Not at all intuitive .
 I recently bought this toy for my son for his birthday , we were very excited until we got it home and realized that you need to try so many codes on the DVD to finally get it to work . Then we finally got it programmed , only for it to work for about 5 min then short out . After two trips 30 miles to Toys R Us , I find out from their very rude employees -LRB- managers too -RRB- that I am stuck with the toy because they can only exchange for another one of the same toy . Contacting Fisher-Price was not any help either they just referred me back to the store .
 My wife purchased this for our children . We have a two year old and four year old boy . We brought the thing home on a Saturday and the kids were VERY excited . The kids help me open the box , and are ready to go , but I have to program the thing first . After inserting the programming card , and reinserting , and reinserting , waiting for two blinks when I 'd only get one , then trying the manual programming for 15 minutes ... Needless to say , I was extremely frustrated . Fisher Price offers an 800 # to call for help but they are only available from 8AM - 6PM Monday-Friday . Ever hear of work Fisher Price ??? You know , that thing I have to do to make the $ $ for this product ??? Thanks for a frustrating experience which ended with my kids fighting and me sloppily throwing this thing back in the box to return to the store.And by the way , I work with computers all day at work , it 's not like I do n't know how to work technology.I would strongly discourage people from considering this product .
 I bought this item cause my son loves to play video games , but he is only 3 so I thought this would be good for him , one problem the dvd locks up and you have to eject it to fix it , which means you have to start the game over from the beginning . My son would get upset cause I kept having to start it over . I would not recommend this unless your child enjoys ejecting the dvd over and over again .
 This was a gift for our son for Christmas , he was so tickled to have gotten it . We tried over and over to get it to work with our DVD/VCR combo to no avail . The customer service said , `` It will work just as well with your DVD remote . '' I returned it and decided it was n't worth the waste of time . The V-Smile has since replaced it and is amazing for our younger children . We 've even caught the older 2 cutting in a couple of times .
 My mother bought this system for my 3 year old son for Christmas . I have an Apex DVD Player and it took a while to get it programmed , but after that it worked great for a short time . Unfortunately my son loved the game so much that he was nearly devastated when one day it just stopped working . I changed the batteries , tried re-programming it , but nothing worked . He just played with the system at a friends house the other day and after seeing his delight , I purchased another system to give it another try - no luck . I ca n't even get the darn thing to program and now I will have to return a second one !!! By the way , there were only 2 in the store when I repurchased it last week and both appear to have been returned . Maybe they should work out the kinks before using paying customers as test dummies and further frustrating our children at an age that is already frustrating enough !!!
 Not only is it a waste of money , it was a waste of my 3 year old 's time , her 8 and 11 year old brother 's time and my time ! We finally threw it in the trash because we were all so frustrated with it . It never registered the choice you touched , it would n't even give you the screen that matched the card you put in . We all tried several times and her brothers are video game wizzes and even they could n't get it to work . Do n't waste your money , time and energy on this piece of junk . GRRRRRRR
 I bought this system for my 4yr old son . First it took 20 min to program with the DVD player since i have a phillips dvd player there is several codes yoo have to try to see if it works . Then after he was playing with the system for a couple of min the dvd player shut off . so we tried the spongebob activity that we bought extra and it did the same thing . Now my son is frustrated with the system thinking he has not played with it right . My son is a slow learner and I bought it thinking this product will help him educ . ways . but it did not . My daughter who is older tried it thinking he was not moving fast enough and once again the system turned off on her . after taking another 20 min and programed the system into another dvd player in his bedroom we had the same problem . Personally i do not think this toy is worth the 39.99 i spent on it plus the 19.99 on the extra dvd . I hope this might help .
 My kids received this toy for Christmas . Today is January 6th and we are on our 2nd controller . The 1st and 2nd controllers are not compatible with the 3 DVD players in our home - all new , all common name brands . Compatible DVD players should be listed on the box . I have waisted so much time going through the programming list with no success . I would make sure that your exact DVD player and model is on the list before purchasing . I wish it were easier . It looks like a really cool toy .
 This is the worst excuse for a toy I have come across in years . My son has been dissapointed for 2 days because we ca n't get this thing to work with any DVD player we own.The setup and testing of this device is horrable . Fisher Price has abandoned the code entry for this toy and the alternate sheet of instructions tell you to just go through every code they have to see if one works with your DVD player . What that means is that you have to sit in front of your TV for hours pressing the back button to single step through every known DVD code with no guarantee that one will work.To put this in perspective I have a palm 5 and 4 universal remotes all of which I can use to operate any TV Home theatre System or DVD player that I own , and the setup took just seconds . Two days after receiveing this Fisher Price toy we still ca n't get it to work.We have tried numerous times to contact Fisher Price . None of which has been successful . Several On-line inquiries have also gone unanswered . this only leads me to believe that there are so many dissatisfied calls comming into Fisher Price that they can not handle the volume.Bottom line they rushed to get tis product out the door in time for Christmas and it is a misserable failure . And the consumer is left with all of the heqadaches as a result of their poor quality control measures.My suggestion is to learn from my heartache and distance yourself from this toy . There are plenty of other interactive toys for kids . We decided to just go purchase a different interactive toy ourselves so we could end the dissapointment with our little one . If I could rate this toy lower than a 1 I would but 1 is the lowest ranking on this site ...
 I bought this toy for my daughter last christmas and despite of some of the reviews I read I said , `` what the heck . '' Well , turns out that I should have listen to the previous comments . This toy is good if you can get it to work . It does work with every DVD player . My family and I have two DVD players and it really only works on one . and then my daughter has to sit a certain way and make sure the handheld is pointed straight at the dvd . once you get the system to work , its find but , I still believe it is a hassle because on slight move and you and the kid are fustrated . It sucks too because I bought every game that you can buy with the system . Most of the time I listen to the reviewers but my kid really wanted this.Soo ... if your kid really wants this toy , try to convince he/she there is something better !! if not make sure you keep the reciept because once your child plays with it he or she will understand too !
 I bought this a while ago for my daughter and it worked okay the first time around . I did n't really have any trouble until I tried to use it on our new DVD player . It would n't work at all and the set up is very frustrating . I would n't really recommend this unless the store you buy it from has a good return policy in case it does n't work on your DVD player .
 Stay away from this new technology . Very frustrating to set up , does not work with all DVD players , DVD constantly loops , more of a commercial for cartoons than real games . Certainly anyone over the age of 5 would be bored very quickly . Save your money and your time buy something else
 We got this for my now 3 year old for this past christmas . I was very excited about it , but when i tried to set it up on our RCA DVD player , it didnt work . I tried the codes and I tried the manual method , but it just didnt work . I assumed it was because my DVD player is one of those all-in-one things , that 's also a VCR and radio , etc.So , I put the toy to the side until this March , when , for my daughter 's birthday , we got her a Disney Princess DVD player and Television . I was all hyped up again , and AGAIN , neither the codes nor the manual setup worked , and now its just a piece of crap lying around her room.VERY DISAPPOINTED !!!!
 We purchased this toy as a Christmas gift for our 3 yr . old daughter . We picked this over the V-Smile because of the lack of wires . WHAT A MISTAKE . It took us over an hour to set it , trying the codes , running the automatic program and trying to reach Fisher Price for assistance . It took so long our daughter fell asleep before we could get it programed . Now whenever she does play with it , which is n't often , you have to turn it off and then back on to change the cards . Its very repetitive and does n't keep her attention long . How you can the Sponge Bob card is for 4 and up makes me laugh , my 8 yr . old niece had trouble picking the right answers . Overall this was toy was a waste of time and money . For her birthday we are buying her V-Smile .
 I think that the idea of this product is great , but we have had more trouble with it than any other toy , ever . My three year old is a whiz at the computer and at playing nintendo games , but this game is just so slow , it stops often and it has to be re-programmed so often that it just frustrates her and me both . She is a pacient little girl , but has completely lost interest in this game and prefers to play on the computer and other toys that do not cause so much frusteration and consume so much time programming and re-programming . The ONLY game that worked out of four that I bought was the Spongebob one , and it really rarely works correctly anyway . Maybe this toy can be modified and will be a better product next Christmas .
 I bought this for christmas . It is not the best educational tool In my opion , very few things to keep my kids involved . not for kids in school . and it is looping itself back to the beginning and very hard to program .
 We bought this toy for our daughter for Christmas and we were disappointed to discover that it is n't compatible with either of our dvd players . Our daughter was so disappointed because she wanted to watch and play the dora dvd ! I highly recommend you make sure your dvd player is compatible before purchasing this toy - even though I 'm not sure if it will do any good . We have a Marantz dvd player , and it is apparently compatible with this , yet we could n't get it to work . I 've read several reviews where children were disappointed because they could n't play with this toy ; I recommend setting this up to ensure it works before letting the kids see it !
 This toy was a nightmare . My two daughters recieved it for christmas.Three days later we are still trying to get it to work . We set everything up with the dvd player numerous times and it still would not play the games . The kids were looking so forward to playing it and all it has done is caused our family to fight just the stress of trying to get it to work . I would NOT recommend this game .
 I have purchased 2 separate interactv models , have tried to install them in 4 different dvd 's -LRB- all different manufacturers - Panasonic , Samsung , Go Video and Sharp -RRB- had 4 different people -LRB- all with advanced engineering & computer degrees -RRB- spend the better part of Christmas day and the 26th attempting to install this stupid game - all to no avail . I even tried their website help only to find their server has an error message in it and the customer service number wo n't pick up -LRB- unusually high call volume call back later - apparantly I 'm not the only person having problems and their customer service is as bad as this product -RRB- . I will be returning this system again -LRB- for the third time -RRB- - do n't waste your time with this toy . The V-smile works great as do all Leap Frog products .
 We bought this toy for our 3 year old for Xmas . Now I wish we would have purchased the V-Smile . We tried for two hours to get this programmed to our DVD player . We tried both ways to program it . We finally got it programmed , but it only works some of the time . Most of the time when my daughter tries to switch cards , it does n't recognize the new card . In turn , she gets very frustrated . She 's hardly played with it at all as it is a very frustrating toy . I would not recommend this toy to anyone .
 My 3 1/2 year old son received this game for Christmas , so you can imagine how disappointed he was when we could n't get it work . I tried it on two different DVD players which are not that old and neither one worked ! When I tried to contact Fisher Price by phone , I got a recording saying they were very busy and to call back or go to the website they gave . I tried the website to no avail ! Needless to say , I now have to take it back along with the 3 extra DVD 's we purchased.You would think that they would make something that was not so complicated to set up . If I were you , I would research this product before purchasing it.It is n't an expensive investment but not worth the aggrivation and the disappointment of a toddler .
 We got this for our four year old daughter for Christmas . On Christmas day we spent hours trying all 4 of our DVD players in the house . We were able to get it to work on 1 but the A button did not work . Assumed it was the game and returned for another . We had the same results . After waiting for an hour to replace it I have to go back and do it all over again . What a waste of time and money . I had the same Java error when trying to access the Mattel website and also searched for other codes . It appears that this product does not work with most DVD players on the market . What a scam and a way to ruin a 4 year olds Christmas . I will probably have to eat the 14.99 for a game I opened and do n't have the box or reciept for .
 Please know that this system does not work with all DVD players . I have a DVD VCR combo system and IT DOES NOT WORK !!!! I thought that this would be something that my 4 year old would like as he likes to play the games that come on his DVD 's . However , I was not able to get it to work with our system . I called Mattel 's hotline number in the user guide and was told that due to high call volume that I could not get help and to call back . The call was the terminated by Mattel . I went to the web site for help and went through the many steps -LRB- the same that are in the book -RRB- and still had no luck . Mattel will send you a voucher for another Mattel toy -LRB- like I want one now -RRB- once you send them the very horrible toy back . I also had bought other DVD game for this as well and wonder how I am to return it . There is no information on what to do with those and as it is open what to do.DO NOT BUY THIS TOY !!!! MATTEL HAS NO IDEA WHAT THEY ARE DOING WITH THIS GAME !!!!!! SAVE YOUR MONEY !! IF YOU WANT TO GIVE YOUR MONEY AWAY SEND IT TO ASIA AND HELP PEOPLE .
 We received the Fisher-Price InteracTV DVD system for Christmas and I have to say that it has been a disappointment . I am very pro-technology and thought this would be a good learning tool for my kids . Instead , it is a poorly designed system which I could not get to work on any of our DVD players . I tried the enclosed manual to find the DVD player code , the manual process of going through every code , and even the latest codes posted on the Fisher-Price website without any success . Although the system recognized the controller , it did not recognize any of the buttons and putting in the test sheet gave different results each time , from starting the next game to opening the DVD player . When I tried the telephone support , they were closed ... nice move on Christmas day when all the presents would be opened.Overall , I think Fisher-Price needs to have either a better designed product , better quality control or better customer support system . Since I could not get this system to play on any of my DVD players , I ca n't comment on how great it is , but it is certainly not easy to use .
 If anyone from Fisher Price is reading this ... you suck.How about testing your crummy product to make sure it works before you sell it for 30-40 dollars ? We have a GTE Dvd player and an XBox which plays DVDs - neither will work . How about listing the players it does n't support on the back of the box or something ... FISHER PRICE should fire their product testing department . ARRRRGGGHHH !!!!!! The only reason I gave it 5stars for durability is because I tried to snap it in half from frustration and I could n't even do that .
 We just purchased this toy as a Christmas gift for our almost 4 year old . We are sending it back ! It is so boring . It asks questions -- that 's it -LRB- maybe additional games are better -RRB- . It 's basically one big matching game . Also , we could not get the Dora card to work at all . And SpongeBob did nothing . It was a waste of time and money . I 'm glad we tried it before Christmas morning .
 even playing the `` make it work '' crap on their website . FOUR different brands of DVD 's and two different TV 's . I even had two different neighbors try to get it to work . With no luck at all.Don ' t waste your money . And of course , I ordered well ahead of Christmas -LRB- 2004 -RRB- and it was already too late to return it and the 2 cartridges I also bought before I even opened the box . Live and learn ... It 's now August of 2005 and as yet more than 6 families have tried making this device work with no success at all . I do n't think it 's broken . It shows up on the screen ... it just does n't `` interact '' at all , no matter what you do.Again , I would not waste your money . Stick with self-contained devices . What ever happened to Fisher-Price and reliability going hand-in-hand ? From the comments I 've read on several of their products , the name brand certainly does n't mean what it used to . On the other hand we have self-contained V-Tech machines that have worked for years with no problems whatsoever . And yet there was a time that given a choice , I would have chosen FP over VTech in a heartbeat . No longer .8 / 26/05
 Very dissapointed . I tried for hours , wasted half of my christmas morning and evening trying to get this thing to work . I tried every code possible and still no luck . Very frustated and disapointed . It was a waste of money and time .
 i had 2 dvd players -LRB- cheap ones , so dont listen to the reviews by some planks who say dont buy cheap -RRB- and this system was easy to set up and had it working in minutes . here is the kicker , i replaced my dvd players with dvd recorders and now can not get this interactv system to work on either , i phoned the helpline number and they told me that this is a common problem . so if you have a relatively new dvd player be prepared to return this item as mattel is not offering any new codes , so if the ones in the book and the manual code input doesnt work for you , you knackered.there is nothing i like more than throwing my hard earned money away to multi million pound companies , thanks for creating a toy that clearly doesnt work on all platforms.the moral is , this worked well on all my cheap and nasty dvd players , not on my good expensive ones .
 Very disappointing . Like everyone else , we too had problems programming the controller . Most of the codes listed for our Philips DVD player semi-worked . I could not get any of the codes to recognize the A space , which I have figured out to be the number 1 on the remote and now sit with them and push the number 1 on the dvd remote when needed . But the game play is still sporadic at best . While in the middle of a question it will all of a sudden change programs . And not just start a new program it will jump to the middle of another program . It asked an Elmo question , before my son could answer it started asking a spongebob question . And while playing dora , serveral questions in , it just all of a sudden started over . My 2 and 4 year old have yet be able to finish one of the programs . Very disappointing , I was torn between this and the V-smile and got this due to having so many other FP toys that my kids love but , this was obviously the wrong choice . I plan on taking it back and getting the V-smile
 We bought this for our 3 year old and tried all day christmas to get it to work . We tried 3 different dvd players and none worked with it . We finally returned it today and will have to wait a week or two to buy something else to replace it . Do n't waste your money and break a childs heart by buying this item .
 I got this thing working with some difficulty , whereupon my 3 year old daughter and I played with it for a half hour or so . I would say that it is actually somewhat LESS entertaining than watching the normal , broadcast versions of the shows from which its content is taken.But here 's the real problem
 We bought this for our daughter and our nephew for Christmas . We were so excited because they love to watch Dora , Barney , and Elmo ! The first time they played it , they loved it . But then it would not work properly after that . We reprogramed it , and still nothing . Our little girl was so upset ! It is frustrating that a glorified remote does not work !!! Very upset in Ohio
 We bought this for my 2 1/2 year old for Christmas . We decided to get this one because it was cheaper than the Vsmile and the games were cheaper . Well you get what you pay for with this product . First this was two advance for her . The age was for 3 years and up so we put it away until she was older . After her 3rd Birthday we pulled it out and tried to play it . The starter DVD got stuck on Sponge Bob and we could n't play any other game on the DVD . We put in the Blue 's Clues game and we played sheets 1 and 2 fine when we had to play sheet # 3 it would n't work . My 3 year old got very frusturated and started to cry . When we got the DVD 's working the sheets would n't line up with the buttons so when you would press the correct button nothing would happen . She has played with the Vtech Vsmile and loves it . We are going to buy this for her for Christmas .
 I purchased this for my daughters XMAS present , I even had Aunts and Uncles purchase software for it too ... what a mistake - just trying to set it up was exhausting - then after we did - my daughter would press the right button and nothing would happen , its like you have to wait for it to respond 3 minutes later ... so by now , she thought she pressed the wrong button so she keeps pressing something else ... where is the learning in this slow and useless machine ... think FISHER PRICE should go back to the drawing table with this one ... and we will instead purchase something that has been around for years ... VTECH which we know freinds have and love it ... no DELAY - no FRUSTRATION and kids and parents are happy as they are learning ... keep your money dont ' waste it ... my daughter still asks to play with it and then gets frustrated with it and places it on the floor and walks away ...
 I bought this toy for my 3 year old boy . I constantly had to restart the device . It was not fun for him because it was very slow in response . I took it back the same day I bought it . It was a real diappointment .
 I bought this toy for my 2 1/2 year old and i was trying it out before christmas to see if i liked it and if it would be something he could play . Well had some issues just like everyone else with the compability with DVD players , i have no clue wether it works with mine or not since it never did anything !!!! What a nightmare of a toy . Horrible , horrible . Only want to have it because of price and the fact that they have Dora and cartoons like that . I will keep the v.smile . Easier to set up !! Crappy Christmas toy !!!
 It does not work with my dvd player . The products webside just gives me the stupid commercial that you can see on the dvd . The website has a help section but I cant see it because of some JAVA error , so really no help at all . Try explaining that to a three year old . Merry christmas .
 X-mas day not compatible w/DVD player which is HORRIBLE for any child . After hrs & trying numerous codes still did not work . Compatibility needs to be reviewed & made simplier for a kids educational toy . Also , the box should state codes that operate the toy so parents will be aware . Educational concept appears great , however ; have not had the pleasure of enjoying it .
 My 4 year old daughter got this toy for Christmas . It took me more than 30 minutes to set up the controller . Finally I got it to work . However , the controller stop working after a few games . For instance , on the `` Dora '' game , my daughter is only able to look for `` Tico '' and after that the message says `` press the white arrow key to keep looking for more friends '' , but the white arrow key does n't work . So , the game stops at that point ... no way to go back or forward . I am wondering if anybody have the same problem ... . I called Fisher Price and press `` 3 '' instead of `` 1 '' to get a customer service . The customer service was very nice and said that my controller might be an old version , so she sent me another one by UPS without charge . But to my disappointment , the second controller also has the same problem.My daughter did learned something from the games , but it is not challenging enough for a 4 year old . She liked the games for few days and not it is just sitting in the cabinet ...
 The only thing funny about this toy is the other reviews I have read . This is the most frustrating thing ever ! If Fisher Price knew that this toy was so difficult to set up they should have had the call center open on Christmas , or at the very least , the day after . This does NOT work on any of the DVD players in my house ! I 've even tried the `` all models '' codes for other dvd players . We have a Sony and a JVC DVD players and all my daughter can do is switch the cards because nothing works ! It does however program my VCR ... lot of good that does !! Hopefully I can take it back after opening the packaging ! If anyone decides to waste their money on this product I would call first to make sure your DVD is compatable .
 It is a 11 button -LRB- 9 +2 -RRB- univeral remote for a DVD player with some DVD based games , so I had the rather unpleasant experience of trying to program a univeral remote on Christmas day after spending 15 min . ripping through the hard to open packaging on this product . My guess is they spent more on the packaging than the product . The DVD itself starts off with some advertising and extremely basic instructions instead of showing something usefull like how to program the darn remote . They did n't spend a great deal of time the games , and the video quality of the DVD seems on the poor side.Kids seem to like playing with it though .
 do not buy this toy . Unfortunately I never had the time before Christmas to test it out on my DVD system , and now im going to have to return it . It only has one code for Bose , and the manual set up did not work either . Im going to check out the V Tech system and see how that compares to this .
 This was a Christmas present gone bad . It looked great on TV , in the store , and once it was opened , but has been a nightmare all afternoon . Despite trying every code , following the owner 's manual guidelines -LRB- AND the adendum to the owner 's manual -RRB- , and suggestions by other reviewers several times , we can not get the controller programmed . Of course there is no customer service rep available until Monday , and the website comes up with an Error every time we try to get help . We 're assuming our Sony dvd player , which is less than 2 years old , is not compatible with this system . We have packed up everything to be returned and exchanged for a better product . It 's very disappointing to our 3-year-old , to say the least .
 I am very disappointed with this product . The only reason that I rated it with one star is because they required a rating . It does not work with any of the dvd players in our house . My daughter overheard me and her father saying we had to return it and she was devestated . She wanted to know why Santa bought her a broken toy . Why is Fisher Price selling products that do not work !!! I see that many people have had this problem . My husband wants to boycott Fisher Price because of this . I think that is a little extreme but they have devastated my daughter for what should have been a happy day . Thankfully we were able to distract her with the other things `` Santa '' bought her !
 It 's Christmas morning and I 've just spent 2 hours trying to get even ONE of our DVD players to work with this thing that I ordered through Amazon . Our Go Video DVD Player/Recorder -LRB- less than 4 months old -RRB- does n't work at all . Neither does the Toshiba . The $ 300 Samsung DVD-HD931 works , except for button `` A '' ... So only 8 of 9 buttons work . This thing is worthless ! -LSB- ... -RSB- Meanwhile , I have two 4-year old boys who keep asking Daddy when they can play SpongeBob . Thanks alot -LSB- ... -RSB- for putting me in this situation and ruining our Christmas morning . I 'll never , EVER buy another product from your company because this product was obviously poorly designed and tested before it was put on the market . I have the top-of-the-line Samsung DVD Player with High Definition upconverter and this stupid product wo n't even work with it ! I can see I made the wrong choice deciding between this and -LSB- ... -RSB- . If I 'd gotten -LSB- ... -RSB- , we 'd be playing right now . Do n't even waste your time or money on this product ... Get something else ... ANYTHING else ! Thanks alot -LSB- ... -RSB- for ruining Christmas for us ... It wo n't ever happen again in our house !!
 First I will say that this is not compatible if your TV has a DVD built into it as many new ones do . We had to hook this up in our bedroom so my son could play it . He played it for about 20 minutes , -LRB- despite my encouragement to keep playing -RRB- I even played to try and get him into it , but its just slow and pretty boring if you ask me . There wasnt enough action to keep him interested too long and it didnt always recognize the right discs . I think it may have been rushed to market . I put it away after he finished and figured I would suggest playing again the next day , but he didnt want to play . I kept it for another week or so , and he never mentioned it again , so I returned it and bought VSMILE .
 This toy is very frustruating for my daughters and myself . They want to play with it but it messes up halfway through a DVD everytime . They get irritated with it and so do I because we have to restart it which takes forever . This toy was a waste of money .
 My daughter received this system as a gift for Christmas and has only been able to use it about 8-10 times without a problem other than that you spend at least 1/2 hour reprogramming each time you want to use it or it simply does not work . I tried exchanging this toy and toys r us refused to give me something different they said I was stuck with it . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!! Sure its more affordable than some of the other educational toys out there but its worth spending more and knowing it will function correctly every time .
 My daughter received this toy for Christmas and it is February and we still ca n't play with it ! We bought 3 of the dvd games to go with it and they ALL skipped , the disc that came with it even skipped ! After having to hang up and call back at least 15 times -LRB- because of eternally long wait times -RRB- Fisher-price was very good to send us new replacement dvd 's at no charge ... however , when they arrived they skipped too ! We also could n't get the thing to program to one of our dvd players -LRB- A Polaroid -RRB- ... sometimes it would function on our other dvd player , but not properly -LRB- a Toshiba -RRB- . Finally on February 9th I called Fisher-Price , for the 3rd time , and they offered to pay for shipping to send the interac-tv and all the discs back to them at no charge and give me a full refund . I think the idea behind Interac-TV is a great idea , it just needs some work ! Make your life easier and BUY A V-SMILE !!!
 This system worked only sporadically . It was quite a disappointment for my 2 & 4 yr . old boys . Shockingly poor quality coming from Fisher Price .
 The first few sets in this series of 4-packs were great because they had characters that could be used for army builders , newly painted droids , and decent accessories . This set is just a bunch of re-released crap . Save your money and send Hasbro a message . We know you 're capable of better than this .
 I order this thinking it was the same size as a large Balzac Balloon Ball that I had seen at a party recently . What I received is a very small ball , about the size of a cantaloupe . The picture really should show a person holding the ball so that the size is apparent .
 I liked the iron for my sewing projects . However , it lasted one day . I was very disappointed and extremely sad .
 Please note that this iron has a teflon coating . It is not like the original tacking iron that was metal . BTW It is not a toy .
 Like the other reviewer , I loved this iron while it worked . It got very hot and did the job . I loved it . Unfortunately , our love affair was short-lived . After a few uses , it stopped heating . Now I 'll have to buy another , more expensive iron . Hopefully , more money will equal a better quality iron ?? I wish this one would have worked more than a few times . I do n't think I really got my money 's worth from it . I hope more money will get me a better iron . Thanks a lot , Hanger 9 .
 I did not but this from Amazon , but I wanted to write this review . I have been in the hobby for over 10 years and have used many sealing iron but this one is my least favorite by far . On the first use there was smoke coming out of the controls . I read another reviewer let it burn and the smoke went away . So I set it up on my concrete porch and the smoke did go away . This unmasked another problem though . The control knob gets HOT . I am pretty tolerant to pain but it was almost as hot as the bottom of the iron . I could only nudge it until it went to the off position . Even after letting it sit for a few minutes unplugged , the knob is still very hot . The sides of the iron are not rounded like the older irons , making it hard to do some rounded fillet areas.I honestly recommend looking for a slightly more expensive iron , in the long run it would only cost you $ 15-20 more -LRB- about the price of some mono/ultra/econocote -RRB-
 I purchased this iron for my encaustic work . I only used it a few times and the coating from the bottom of the iron started rubbing off ruining my painting . Then when I tried to use the temperature control knob to adjust the temp , it burned my fingers . Even with rubber gloves on , I could not adjust the knob . Very disappointing product . And as others have pointed out , this is not a toy , it is a tool .
 I noticed a bit of smoke rising from this iron when I first plugged it in . I figured it was just burning off some residue or small bit of plastic packaging from the iron . As it heated up , the amount of smoke increased . I soon realized that the smoke was not coming from the iron surface but from the hole on top where the temperature control was . I am not sure if this is standard but I also noted that the control dial did not seem to be centered in the opening as I would think it should be . I do n't care much for smoke coming from inside my electric tools . This item is being returned to Amazon for a refund .
 This product is not a toy and should not be used without adult supervision . I used it for quilt appliques and it worked well for the short time that it worked . It lasted exactly one year from date of purchase and was only used occasionaly . Very disappointing .
 Amazon 's frequently bought together list suggested that this iron would work as an encaustic iron . But its curved point makes it difficult to paint with and keep flat on the substrate . With more practice , I might make it work , but I am thinking of buying an iron designed for encaustic painting.By the way , this is not a toy , as classified by Amazon .
 wish the info included fact that the ball was going to be flat when i received it . . I had no way to blow up the ball and was really upset . . never again
 My mother bought this toy for my son . Although he enjoys it very much , he was very disapointed when after a week of it 's use , it stopped dancing . My husband pulled it all apart to find that the Motor that makes the hands , feet , and head move was completely fried . So we threw it out . I wish it had been better made so that my son could have enjoyed it longer . We may buy him another one and hope that it was just this 1 doll that was the issue .
 My 15 month old just started watching blue with his older brother and loves it ! -LRB- we are trying to get him past boo bah because our brains might melt if we keep watching it -RRB- He loves this toy and he hates any toy that moves -LRB- they scare him -RRB- however for 30.00 which is an awful lot for one of these it was a piece of junk and disappointed him by breaking afte 2 weeks . I see on these reviews the toy has a track record for that ehich is disppointing considering the price and the fact that you do not want to dissapont a child ever !
 We got Oo-la-la kitty and loved her . Pretty and unique . However , after only 2 days of light play she broke in the middle as my daughter tried to move her legs into sitting position . The legs are articulated at the hip , but the waist is thin and snapped internally . Husband tried to glue it a couple times , but it did n't hold either time and we ended up throwing it away.If you get it , put it on the shelf and enjoy it .
 The Care Bears are cute and so is the game board , but playing is NOT fun at all !! I am copying a review from another website found here , that I agree with wholeheartedly ! I wish I had read this review BEFORE I bought the game ! -LSB- ... -RSB- PremiseIn the game , players must bring their four Care Bears in their color from the start space at the lower end of the game board to the HOME space at the top of the board by moving across the columns of the board . First player to get all of their pieces across the board wins.BitsThe game board consists of an 8x8 grid of cutesy Care Bear symbols , such as Hearts , Moons , Rainbows , etc. . Each player is provided with four Care Bears , cardboard cutouts slid into small white plastic base pieces . There are four different bear colors to accommodate four players . In addition , there is a 6-sided white STOPPER die , which is used to determine the STOPPER spaces during the game.GameplayPlayers start with their Bears on the bottom of the board , select a column in which to deploy their bears and move their bear along the column until they come to a STOPPER space . The STOPPER space is determined by a die roll at the start of the game.Once your bear can no longer move in a straight line in your column without hitting a STOPPER space , your turn is over and the next player begins their move.On subsequent moves , you can move your bears vertically in either direction until they reach another STOPPER space . Then you must stop . Turn is over . This continues until your bear reaches the HOME section at the top of the board . Once a player reaches HOME , they roll the STOPPER die to determine the new STOPPER symbol , which then can not be moved over by players.Continue until all of one players Bears are across the HOME line . That player is the winner.RulesThe rules are all contained on a single sided piece of paper . However , not all game questions are answered and there is confusion as to how the game is to actually be played . Can a player stop when they reach another Care Bear , or only when they reach a STOPPER space ? The rules seem to imply that more than one of your bears can be in play at one time , but do not exactly indicate that this is so . What happens when you run to the edge of the board or when you can not make a legal move ? None of these question are answered in the rules.This game also contains the very annoying - Start all over - component that can be seen in many - move the pawn - American children?s games . This is similar to the dumb card in Candyland that forces the player to go all the way to the start of the game when they land on a certain square . There is no defense , no logic , no argument , just START OVER!Unfortunately , in this Care Bears game , there is a similar mechanism . One of the sides of the STOPPER die reads START OVER . If you have just gotten your bear all the way across the board , you must roll the die to determine the new STOPPER symbol . If you roll the START AGAIN , you must take your bear all the way back to the beginning and start over again . Argh ! WHY DO THEY DO THIS TO US?CommentsThis game is very poor , in my opinion . Gameplay is difficult to explain , especially to a 4 year old -LRB- the target beginning age for the game . -RRB- Decisions for movement and play are arduous . Winning conditions can only be met by repetition of an annoying sequence of moves over and over again . The START OVER die is excruciating . Bits are cheap cardboard . All in all , a boring rehash of the old American dice rolling , pawn moving boardgame.And the game is not at all fun .
 We love Magna Tiles in our house ! . We own 4 sets ! They are played with daily . I 've recommended to many friends that they buy Magna Tiles.However , I would not buy more at this point.The first three sets of Magna tiles we purchased have been wonderful with no issues . The last set , bought 2 months , ago is falling apart ! The plastic on the sides is peeling up exposing the magnet . They seem to be made cheaper than the magna tiles in the past . -LRB- Is n't that always what happens with products , the quality goes down after a few years . -RRB- I called the company and since it 's been over 30days , they will not replace the broken tiles . The guy asked how old my child was . When I told him 4 years old , I was told not to worry about the magnets falling out because my son old enough not to place them in his mouth.I no longer will recommend this toy to friends ! They are now cheaply made and not worth $ 1 per tile !! Be careful around small children ! These are a safety hazard !
 We purchased this toy for our 3 year old son as a reward in potty training . He had worked toward it for weeks . He already has a large Rescue Hero collection , including the Aqua Command Center & airplane . We like all of these toys . The URV robot does not really do anything but walk a little bit , talk & activate the Voice Tech dolls , which it can also identify by name . The remote is attached by a short cord & barely works , and the robot is very clunky and unresponsive . We do n't have the Powermax figures so I can not comment on that feature . It also shuts down if not used for a relatively short time , and is then hard to restart . For fifty bucks , I would expect more ! This toy does not deliver value . My son has had it for 3 weeks and already does not play with it . Save your money !
 This little devil actually tried to take a bite out of me!My hubby bought this for my 3 yr old for christmas.I didnt even know he was SUPPOSED to do all the things in the other reviews until I read them !! -LRB- The Chuckie Robot 's box was thrown out with the wrapping -RRB- I do know that his wheels on the bottom of his feet are indestructable . I picked him up on Christmas nite to take him into my sons room , I didnt know he was on , there wasnt any sound coming from him , I set him on my forearm and all of a sudden he started talking and the wheel underhis foot started moving , drew my skin up into the wheel , -LRB- this wheel would not move when I tried to force it -RRB- and now I am sporting a 4 inch black and blue bruise !!! I have been calling this robot Chuckie , and so have my kids , no one had touched the robot all day after he tried to eat my arm , -LRB- little wonder why -RRB- and all of a sudden the thing starts talking !!! What is up with this Robot?I am worried a child with longer hair will play on the floor with this toy , lose a handful of hair to its incredibly strong and durable rollers on the bottom of his feet ! Or the chance of a piece of clothing getting caught in there is possible , the robot would not release my arm until it had shut it self down and it was very painful . A picture of my bruised arm is on its way to Fisher Price tomarrow to show them what this thing is capable of.I never expected to have such a large injury from a toy !!! Dont buy it ! It isnt a safe toy in my opinion .
 Bought this toy for my Grandson for Christmas . I bought it a couple of months early after reading the reviews previously written . The toy did not activate at all with several new batteries placed in the remote control ... what a disappointment for this little 4 year old waiting to see some action . He had actually squealed with anticipation when he opened this package on Christmas eve . Returned the item the day after Christmas -LRB- today -RRB- and brought the little guy a brand new one and guess what ... dead as a doornail ! Went to a major store and the customer service tried every one left in stock -LRB- a total of five -RRB- and not a single one worked ! Called the 800 number in the packaging with this item and they are to mail me another URV ... do you think it will work . I feel sorry for all the children who may have gotten this non-functional item for Christmas and say shame on Fisher-Price for sending out an item with so little quality control !
 As others have stated , the winch does not launch . We took it back to the store . The new one also did not launch . We took it back again and got an employee to help us . He opened 2 of them right off the shelf . None of them would launch . The instructions simply say to press the launch button . Ha ! We exchanged this piece of junk for 2 heroes and the police car . Until Fisher-Price corrects this rampant problem , I can only recommend buying something else . We have tons of Rescue Hero toys . This URV thing is the only one that I 'd consider junk . I did n't even mention the fact that this thing takes 7 batteries ! 4 C 's and 3 AAA 's !
 My four year old son received this toy as a Christmas gift in December , 2002 . Upon taking it out of the box , the arm would not shoot out like it stated . It did not work at all . After an hour of crying , we told him we would go to the toy store in the morning and get a replacement . This one worked at first . He was having fun . Then after about an hour the right foot would not walk anymore . When you pushed forward it went in reverse and reverse would go forward . This is if you could get it to work at all . My son was very upset . This was one of the top things he had asked for . We brought it back and let him pick something else . He kept saying `` well it works on TV '' . We stated that everything works on TV . It was really a shame . I was very disappointed in Fisher Price for the quality of this toy . I expected much more from them . Save your money .
 We bought one of these for my son . Luckily , my husband decided to open the box and get it ready for Christmas morning . After several tries to get the remote activated , we could never get it to start . On Christmas Eve , we bought another one . It also did not work . My husband went to Toys R Us and took batteries and tried another . It also did not work . I read the reviews here mentioning the problems with operation , so we opted not to get another . Such a disappointment , since my son would have absolutely loved it . However , I am glad to have found out about its problems before my son saw it under the Christmas Tree .
 This is the toy my grandson dreamed of - and received for Christmas . When we put the batteries in and turned it on - NOTHING HAPPENED . We verifed that the batteries -LRB- all five of them -RRB- were installed correctly and turned on the power switch again . Still no action from the robot.Is anyone else having this problem ? Hopefully , when we replace the toy tomorrow - the new one will work and provide the enjoyment that was expected.Lesson learned - always test your toys before Christmas day !
 It has been brought to my attention that this chalk set contains high amounts of Mercury and low amounts of Arsenic ! As a parent , I was shocked that toy manufacturers are still putting this junk in our childrens ' toys . It has been rated one of the worse toys on the market by HealthyToys.org Parents beware !
 These brushes were a disappointment and are not very durable . The adhesive which holds the brush together came apart the first time we used them so the handle is not secure . The bristles are not very soft , and tend to fall out easily . If you are planning on using your brushes often , you may want to consider a different set .
 This toy not only frustrated my 6-year old ; when he asked me to jump in , I was frustrated too ! As with the Imaginext castle , this product is complicated to assemble and falls apart easily . While it looks like it can be put together in countless ways , this is not the case . The pieces only fit together in certain configurations - God forbid you put the wrong one in place in step 3 -- it will be a problem in step 18 !
 My son who is 6 years old was so exciting to get this toy for christmas , but it took my 18 year old son and myself FOREVER to put the blasted thing together and the slightest movement would knock it down . It was very unstable , had a million pieces and left my 6 year old frustrated . I will NEVER buy another imaginext toy ever again !!
 THIS TOY IS A GREAT IDEA FOR A BOY 'S IDEAL FIRESTATION , HOWEVER IT IS VERY FRUSTRATING BECAUSE IT FALLS APART EVERY TIME YOU TOUCH SOMETHING . THE ARM AND THE BUCKET ON THE BUCKET TRUCK FALL OFF EVERY TIME YOU LIFT IT , THE GARAGE DOORS FALL OFF WHEN OPENED , ALSO ALL OTHER DOORS AND WINDOWS ARE THE SAME . MY SON GETS DISCOURAGED EVERY TIME HE 'S TRYING TO PLAY AND WHATEVER HE TOUCHES FALLS OFF.THIS IS NOT ONE OF FISHER-PRICE 'S FINER PRODUCTS .
 We bought this playset for our 4 year old son for Christmas this year . We bought it because it was by Fisher Price and we have had great success over the years with toys made by Fisher Price . Can someone tell me something ? Did Fisher Price get bought out by another company or something ? This toy is terrible ! It is very difficult to put together and once you think you are done , it is just beginning . Every time he moves a door or opens a window , something falls off . Or the whole thing falls down because he picks it up and the levels do n't stay together.We have owned the Little People farms , garages , etc. and they are great , but we thought he was ready for something a little more advanced . I guess we were wrong . Now I have to search for a used firehouse made by Fisher Price back in the 70 's so that I can get a toy that will stay together.Back to the drawing board Fisher Price .
 My two sons , ages 6 and 4 hate this toy . It was difficult to put together and it falls apart at the slightest touch . It 's been sitting in our gameroom untouched since Christmas . I 'm sorry we purchased it . It 's outta here !!
 This toy was great for a few days , in all the ways that other reviewers have said . Then it started dying . We replaced the batteries , but they would only last an hour or so and then it would die again . -LRB- Another reviewer has mentioned this problem , so it is not unique . -RRB- The batteries were new and had an expiration date in 3 years , so it was n't the batteries themselves . Unfortunately , this toy just is n't very interesting without the sound . We are returning this toy , which is too bad because it was a lot of fun while it lasted .
 I ABSOLUTELY LOVED THIS TOY WHEN WE BROUGHT IT HOME FOR OUR DAUGHTER . SHE IS NOW 7 1/2 MONTHS OLD . I DID NOT SEE ANYTHING THAT SHE COULD GET HURT ON PLAYING WITH THIS UNTIL I WAS LOADING THE WASHER IN THE OTHER ROOM AND HEARD HER START CRYING , SILLY ME , I TOLD HER I WILL BE RIGHT THERE TO HOLD YOU JUST A MINUTE . I COME IN THE ROOM TO FIND HER FINGERS STUCK IN THE MAIL SLOT OF THE MAIL BOX LID , BENT BACKWARDS AND PURPLE !! I SHUT THE LID A LITTLE AND PULLED OUT HER FINGERS . I THEN PLACED MINE IN IT THE SAME WAY , WITH THE DOOR SHUT , PLACE YOUR FINGERS STRAIGHT IN THE MAIL SLOT OPENING AND PULL DOWN , IT HURTS !! YOU CAN NOT GET YOUR FINGERS OUT , UNLESS YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING.I DID REPORT THIS TO FISHER PRICE AND THEY GAVE ME A PREPAID POSTAGE LABEL TO MAIL IT BACK AND THEY ARE GIVING ME A FULL REFUND OF 69.99 . I WILL BE SAD TO SEE THIS GO , BUT UNTIL THE MAILBOX IS CHANGED IT WO N'T BE IN OUR HOUSE ANYLONGER .
 My 1 year old and 2 year old loved this at first , but after a month they stopped playing with it completly . The thing is huge and takes up a large portion of the playroom . I would n't reccomend it to anyone with space limitations .
 My son got this for his first birthday . He really enjoyed it and overall it seems like a fabulous toy , BUT yesterday -LRB- at almost 16 months -RRB- he was playing by the mailbox and stood up and his foot went onto the rolling toy under the mailbox and he slipped and fell backward VERY HARD onto his back and head . Imagine slipping on a rolling pin . It scared me so bad and I 'm the type of mother who usually says , `` oh get up you 're fine '' when my boys fall . He was screaming and later that night had a bruise on his shoulder blade . I called the doctor after it happened and was told to observe him and not put him down for a nap for 2 hours . Luckily we have carpet and I had it in the middle of our living room . Had it have been another foot , foot and a 1/2 , over he 'd have fallen and hit his head on our entertainment center . I will be calling Fisher Price on Monday to find out how to exchange this product for the kitchen . It was a gift and I called the giver but it 's been 4 months since they bought it and they no longer have the receipt . I hope they are a respectful enough company to exchange it . Please purchase the Laugh and Learn Kitchen instead or keep this far from furniture and watch your child closely .
 This toy is horrible ! Our daughter loves to pull herself up to stand . So , we thought this would be perfect since she does that and started to crawl . When she pulled herself up on the door it would open and she would fall flat on her face . It was not sturdy or user friendly and I just returned it . Save your money .
 We just put the stupid thing together and put the batteries in and nothing worked . The light would go on and off , but there were no sounds at all . We made sure we had everything plugged in correctly , but it still would n't work . After all the time of putting it together what a disappointment . I will be calling Fisher Price tomorrow and seeing if they have any suggests and/or taking it back to Toyrus .
 How is it that the toy has a warning `` choking hazard
 We have had 4 Fisher Price Laugh and Learn Homes . The first one had a broken circuit board , the 2nd died and completely quit working in 3 months , and the third -LRB- replacement from FP -RRB- does not make the correct sounds when y0ou push the doorbell and the light does not work . This toy was a lot of fun when it worked , but lately it has just been a huge hassle .
 I purchased this toy at Babies-R-Us earlier this month . It was a fun toy until I noticed my daughter had been licking the top part . It 's the sticker part that has the alphabet on it . She is only 8 months old and still puts everything in her mouth . She just started standing a month ago so she is perfect height to reach this area of the toy . I noticed the sticker starting to come off when I went to clean the toy . It looks like a sticker but it 's really a thin piece of cardboard material covered with a glossy finish . I called fisher price and they said it is not toxic for her , even though i dont think she actually ingested any of it . I also called babies-r-us and they let me exchanged it for a new one . I guess I 'll just have keep a closer eye on her when she 's playing with it . It is a great toy to keep her entertained in her gated play yard . Fisher Price also offers to ship a new one but it can take 4-6 weeks . I hope they do something about this because otherwise I 'd say it 's a great toy for sitters and crawlers . Oh , and I was a little disappointed that it takes so long to set up . The directions are very easy to follow , there 's just a lot of screws to it . I 'd say I spent a good 30-45 minutes just screwing the home together . At almost 75 bucks there should n't have this many problems that people are concerned about !
 This is a warning for this toy!WARNING
 I do not recommend buying this toy . Yes , it 's cute and entertaining for a while , but my 9-month old got bored of it within a month . In addition , he stands on the little step , holds onto the moon , and rocks back and forth ... twice he has pulled the entire thing on top of himself . When he was younger , he would use openings in the door to stand himself up . Then , as a door would naturally do , it would swing and he 'd land flat on his face and cry . I do n't think this toy is as safe as it could be .
 My daughter recieved the laugh and learn learning home for her first birthday . She has been using it for a little over a month , and it keeps her entertained . BEWARE OF THE SHAPE SORTER ON THE DOOR ! My daughter was placing the shapes through the `` shape sorter '' on the door , and while trying to get the shapes back out , her arm got stuck in the star shape ! She frantically tried to get her arm out , which only made things worse . We ended up getting her arm out , and I am really surprised it did n't fracture her wrist . Before this incident , I would have recommended this product without reservation , unfortunately now , I tell people to steer clear .
 My now 14-month old grandson has enjoyed this toy more than any he has ! It keeps him busy , learning , touching , turning the light on and off , opening the door and closing it , going in and out . The music and sounds are wonderful teaching additions and a joy to hear . I 've spend literally many delighted hours watching the awe and joy in my grandson 's expressions as he plays with this superb toy . Grandparents looking for a gift that will teach and provide enjoyment need look no farther . It is a toy that will definitely be used over and over and not relegated to the bottom of a toy box ! Worth every penny !
 I purchased the laugh and learn home for my son about a year and a half ago . He loved it and played with it consistently for a few months . He has recently started showing interest in it again , -LRB- at 2 1/2 -RRB- , but it has stopped working altogether . It had started acting funny a few months ago . I replaced batteries , but it did n't help . It just seemed to work when it wanted to . I 'm very disappointed in this toy . I loved it for it 's compact design , and learning at different levels . For the price I paid for it I expected to have it for a few years . I do n't reccommend buying this toy .
 Was planning to buy this , and saw it had california 's proposition 65 warning
 If you bought the Melissa and Doug Easel , these clips are too small for it so do n't bother buying them . The easle comes with clips and they are the right size and much more durable . We have had 2 of these break withing 2 weeks of getting them . They are just too small for the Melissa and Doug easel but were advertised right near it like they were for it . A complete waste of money .
 I gave these two stars because they all snapped on our easel . . We do n't technically have an Alex easel , my daughter 's easel is the Ikea version -LRB- still a smaller easel , not as thick as Melissa and Doug -RRB- , which is why I gave these two instead of one star . Definitely do n't buy these thinking they will work for anything else .
 I was expecting good old fashioned easel clips but in fun colors ! I got cheap plastic clips . Not at all what I wanted . Alex brand used to be quality . I have n't used them yet so I ca n't honestly vouch for their durability , but they are plastic and do not look well made no matter what you want to use them for . I wish I had looked around in a local art supply instead . Now I will have to do that anyway . Should have realized it was too good to be true .
 My 5 year old son wanted this for his birthday . It looked like so much fun . However the pieces are awkward to use , and it requires way to much planning and foresight for a 5 year old to put together . I end up putting it together for him so that he can play with it . I get frustrated with it myself . I 'm considering putting it together permanently with superglue so that he can get some use out of it . If your child is excited by the construction play aspect of this , do n't waste your money-buy a set that is permanently assembled .
 My twin 4 yr old boys received this 3 days ago . It has spent more time apart than together , and they can not get the toy back together by themselves . We have Thomas and Geo sets with they take apart and put together 100 times a day , but not these . I thought these would be as durable as the Rescue Hero toys , but I was sadely mistaken . Oh well live and learn I guess .
 Boy this looked cool ! My five-year-old , with construction toys galore really wanted it . He ca n't put it together . He tries for a while , then calls me in to help . It still takes me 15 minutes to assemble a basic setup as I choke down my frustration . The pieces look like you can assemble them any which way . The first time you assemble the walls and the platform wo n't snap on top you learn otherwise . You end up putting it together and then taking it apart and trying again . The pieces have a specific way of going together that is not easy to figure out . It looks simple like Lego 's , but really it is much more complex . I have to wonder if they did any usability testing . My wife has also observed that the plastic on the vehicles is n't the usual sturdy variety you expect out of FP , but is more brittle like your drug store variety toy . We 're sorry we bought it .
 Comes apart too easily for a 3 1/2 year old . Constantly needs adult help to snap together . What a disappointment . It is `` going to the farm '' very soon ! : -LRB-
 My 2 year old son saw this toy in a catalog at Christmas time . He loves trucks and all kinds of construction equipment , so we thought it would be perfect . What a terrible mess ! It will NOT stay together and has way too many small pieces ! I just threw all of it in the trash except for the dump truck that came with it . I do NOT recommend !
 We received this as a gift for our 2 year old , who loves Bob the Builder . Our son is not rough on toys , but everything on this toy falls apart immediately , if it even gets put together right in the first place . Nothing happens on this toy , and it does not come with a Bob doll . The battery is required for the recordings of Bobs voice , only . It is boring , not made well , has NO educational value whatsoever , unless you want to learn how to turn a crank that frequently gets stuck . Too bad , because the idea is cute .
 It wo n't stay together . You build a wall and start on the next wall and the first one falls apart . It 's a great concept , it looks like it will be fun , IF we can ever get it to stay together long enough to play with it .
 I bought this toy looking at the name Melissa & Doug ... My son is 2 year old . It just took 10 mins for my son to sort out all the puzzles . The paint on the blocks chips out and smells ... Paint smell on the toy really irritates me ... Overall I do not recomond this product .
 My 20 month old put these puzzles together 6 times and has never looked at them again . I liked the idea that the puzzles had two sides , and the awesome quality of the product . It just was n't a good investment for me .
 Did not play with this for long . Pieces got lost very fast . Gave it away to someone else . Did n't get any use of this
 We bought this toy as it 's :1 -RRB- Melissa and Doug2 -RRB- A Great toy idea for a toddlerUnfortunately , when we received the item , all the pieces were glued together ! When we physically separated the pieces , half of the pictures/color got removed ! Plus everything has a sticky , gluey substance on it now.REFRAIN from buying !!! This toy is a great idea and if they did n't use glue , this would be a great buy . Unfortunately , it 's probably made in China . :-LRB- .
 I am very dissatisfied with the paint quality of the product . It looks like the paint did not dry out before the pieces were put together so once separated the paint simply peeled off . For the price , one could expect a better quality .
 My only complaint was that it 's just too basic . It 's more of a collection of puzzles instead of geometric patterns . Some of the puzzles only use 3 pieces and are barely connected . I felt it was way too easy for my 2 year old .
 I do n't like writing negative reviews , and I have a lot of Melissa and Doug products that I think are great . But right out of the box the paint was peeling off all the puzzles , and worst of all they had an overpowering , terrible odor that made my head ache . I do n't want my children , or anyone else , inhaling that odor on a regular basis . I love the idea of this toy and would have kept it even with the chipped paint , but I could n't get past how badly it smelled , and returned it . Perhaps the odor might dissipate over time but that 's not very comforting to me . Really disappointing . I will say I have not had this happen with other Melissa and Doug products , maybe this was just a bad batch .
 As soon as I took off the plastic wrap I inhaled the strongest smell of VOC 's . I knew this product was made in China before I even looked at the back of the box . This company should be ashamed of themselves . On one hand they promote toys that enhance learning but at the cost of the health of a child that could impair long-term learning . Babies and toddlers have soft scalps and are more affected by toxins then adults . I called customer service thinking that this may be an isolated incident . However , the rep nonchalantly told me to air out the toys for a few days first . I told her that is n't acceptable . My child will touch this toy and my infant has put the toy in her mouth . Melissa and Doug does n't care about our kids as much as they care about turning a profit .
 I bought this toy for my son for his 4th b-day . He is a huge rescue heros fan and we have been quite happy with all other products - until this one . The vehicle itself is great and seems durable . The issue is with the robot that attaches under the front bumber by three small magnets . You have to line the robots receiving ends into the magnet spots . Needless to say it is difficult for an adult , never mind a 4 year old . My son is extremely frustrated with this toy . The wench is actually a part of the robot , so that when he is installed under the bumber the wench is able to be used . However , because of the lack of strength of the magnet , the robot falls off quite easily which means the wench is useless . So , buyer beware - not a real great buy especially if your child is like mine and likes to hook up and tow other things with wenches , hooks etc. . . We will be returning this toy !
 I bought this karaoke system for my daughters 10th birthday . It was suppose to be the entertainment for her birthday party . Thank goodness that we decided to give it to her the day before her party so that we could hook it up and figure out how to work it before her friends got here . After assembling it we plugged it in and turned the power on , it started to smoke immediately , my daughter started screaming and smoked filled up my living room within seconds . We didnt even get to put a cd in . Total disaster . Needless to say , I took it back to the store the next morning and got my money back . Called the company , left a message , and wrote an email , got no response to either attempt . Would not recommend this product . Thank god my house didnt burn down with it .
 I purchased this item because of the high ratings , but once I received it , I realized the monitor did not work . We have done everything we know to do to make it work , read the manuals , etc. . and it still will not work . I paid over $ 50 to have it shipped 2 day -LRB- it was shipped extremely FAST and I received it the very next day -RRB- , so that is why I hate to have to pay shipping to send it back . The lyrics do show up on a tv , it 's just disappointing for the monitor on the actual machine to not work . This also means the camera on the system does n't work.As far as the sound , the cordless microphone does not work and when you sing into the other microphone , the sound in one of the speakers cuts completely out . NOT what I expected for a total of over $ 277.00 .
 I would love to tell you how much fun we had with this machine ... but we have n't been able to use it yet . I received this machine as a group gift from my girlfriends at a birthday party . When we set it up , the CD player door latch was broken . Without it being secured properly , the disc wo n't play . I did appreciate Amazon 's handling of the return . They sent a new one right away and I used the packing from that one to send it back . I have now just completed setting up the new machine after buying some new CDs for our first Karaoke party . What are the odds it would be broken again , right ? But alas , there is a problem with the wiring of the monitor . It crackles terribly when turned on . You can only listen to a CD on it ... that 's it ! Amazon is now saying they will not replace it as there has been too many problems with this model machine . They will credit or refund the money only . So now I am left to figure out and pay for packing material to return this one for the `` free '' shipping . Very disappointing .
 Very good product , sounds extremely good and has good volume . Has a wireless mic and also a wire mic .
 think carefully before buying this brand . Bought another model -LRB- cost -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , broke in 1 week . not under warranty and company does not repair their product .
 We are very excited about our karaoke machine , however , the screen monitor on it quit working and its not even two weeks old . I have to look up where to take it to be fixed . It does work on the 52 inch screen TV of ours though . And I have to figure out how to make videos and recordings still . But all in all , we love it .
 I bought this last Christmas for my kids -LRB- ages 9 and 11 -RRB- from the J.C Penny 's catalog . I got the whole family to chip in on one big gift.When the kids opened it Christmas morning there were no mikes in the box -LRB- the company shipped them to me after 3 phone calls -RRB- , 4 weeks later.My kids both play musical instruments and know how to care for electronics.This machine did not work after 6 weeks of use I would never buy anything else from this company or JS Penny 's .
 I shopped around and based my decision on what other people rated this item . I should have listened to the negative stuff . This is not for a serious Karaoke singer for it burned out on me after a few hours of use ! I was only able to use it for the few hours and now I am out to search for a more reliable piece of equipment . I am very dissapointed !
 My daughter was so excited until I said it had to go back . CD Drive was not working ! We had trouble getting it apart and I am still waiting for Singing Machine to send me a return lable . They say they do n't carry this model anymore ??? but will send another . What a pain ! I have spent alot of time on hold !!!
 This was supposed to be Santa 's big gift for the three kids -LRB- 4 , 8 , 10 -RRB- . My husband and I took it out of the box Christmas eve to set up and it was broken from the start . There was loud feedback that came out of it no matter what speakers we used . I should have listened to the other reviews ...
 I received this toy and upon opening it , saw that the arm was broken . Upon seeing this , I immediately called the seller ... no response . I called again two days later and again left a message describing the problem ... no response . I tried one more time that week and gave up . Working full time and raising two young children does not lend itself to going after sleazy sellers ! BUYERS BEWARE of this company . To date , I am out the money for this toy and the shipping and still have gotten no reply !! What an outrage ! - A.B. Chicago
 have seen this puzzle in a completed , framed form and it is very nice , however on close inspection is a lot of work as the pieces are not standard cut sizes or standard cut pieces . Have put it away for now , will work on it later .
 This product is interesting in concept but an absolute failure in execution . I found it did not work as advertised . The problem seems to be the cheap plastic latching mechanism - which will pop open when it is supposed to be closed , and then WO N'T open when the timer tells it to . I have taken it apart and tried to fix it several times , but the internal mechanism is just too cheaply made.Even if it worked properly , any five-year-old could open this `` safe '' by one of several methods :1 . Pressing either the reset or unlatch buttons located on the back of the unit . One is located behind the battery door , the other is in plain sight .2 . Pressing and holding the time set button on the front erases the previously set time and allows you to enter a new time - as little as 24 hours until opening .3 . It 's mechanically fragile enough that it could be forced open with some manipulation , breaking the plastic mechanism inside.In short , this product is too cheaply made . I would have paid more for a better product that worked as advertised .
 my husband and I got this for our daughter ... we are trying to learn about saving , the first one we returned because when put down the `` padlock '' would pop up , a defect we thought , but when the replacement came , it did the same thing ... we based our purchase on the reviews that we read , but we were sadly mistaken , even a child not wanting to open the lock ... can open it ... its a good idea though !
 i was going to the mall one day so i set the time but my mom toke me the day before i did n't have anymoney because it did n't open my mom had to lend me the money i would n't buy this toy if i were you
 This game is similar to risk . It has lots of rules and versions of play . My son is always eager to play it , but it takes literally days and days , so its one of those games you need a place to leave it set up . It has some history and strategy to teach about past technology and military strategy . Lots of small pieces . Its a cool game , but as a busy family we have never had the chance to finish it even when we have devoted a full weekend ... maybe if we get snowed in this winter ?!
 I was excited to play this game when I first bought it . However , after on eplay , I will probably never play the game again.I am a big fan of the pc game and assumed I would be able to play the board game with little difficulty . However , there were just so many issues . First , the instructions are pathetic . It lists game pices that do n't even exist . For example . It told me I could build chariots , but there are no chariots included in the game . Second , trying to keep cities and improvements in order was confusing and usually got messed up during game play.If you are thinking of purchasing this game , do n't bother . Play the pc game again instead .
 your an idiot . bratz arent babyish in any way . look at them . and look at barbie . THEY are babyish . Bratz are mature and collectable and my scene dolls are ugly and slutty .
 If she wants to write mean things about My Scene dolls , then she can . Your not her mama . She hates My Scene dolls , I do too and so what . We can and we can do what we want here like it or not.P.S . My Scene dolls are ugly and satan , Bratz are pretty and angels .
 This doll could n't get anymore ugly if they tried . My Scene dolls will never beat Bratz because they are ugly and -LSB- ... -RSB- . While the Bratz TV show was on today and I taped it , it is way -LSB- ... -RSB- better then the My Scene videos on their website . Bratz rule and My Scene drule .
 I received this as a gift for my son . It is so flimsy and flat . One of the hanging toys plays music and we could n't get it to stop !!! Everytime you walked by the toy it would start playing ... VERY LOUD !!! When we went to check on our son in the middle of the night , we tiptoed into his room and the toy went off ... startled everyone . We ended up cutting it off the toy and throwing it in the trash . It was funny as we rolled the trash can out to the curb ... we could hear the toy playing even then !
 The nice part about this toy is that it does n't take much movement to activate the music , however the toy bar is n't very stable and seemed to hit my child in the face a lot . We ended up taking the toys off the toy bar and letting my son play with them seperately . He has no interest in the stuffed tigger at all .
 This is a really cute toy with even cuter toys , but the turtle sings every time I walk past it so I had to take the batteries out of it and the tail ... it 's too close to my daughter 's face and it wo n't stay up half the time . It 's a great idea , but not worth the money
 I received this item as a Christmas gift . With any luck , I 'll be able to return it for something safer and more enjoyable . The tail does not stay up and that defeats the whole purpose of a play gym . If I had put my son under Tigger 's arched tail , the toys would have smacked him right in the head as the tail repeatedly falls down!I have read other reviews about people complaining about the turtle playing loudly at the slightest movement . Mine must be broken because it does n't play at all ! -LRB- unless Disney changed the turtle after all the complaints ? I do n't know -RRB- . I see that there is a website giving this item away as a free gift . That 's about what I 'd value it at .
 I am not very impressed by this Disney toy . My daughter is 3 1/2 months and gets very agitated because Tigger 's tail will not stay up where she can play . As soon as she hits at the toys hanging down the tail falls where she can not see them or play . This causes aggravation for me because I have to constantly fix the tail so she can play again . Also , the turtle plays music very loudly and at the drop of a hat and I have not been able to find an off button for it . However , the Tigger is very cute and very huggable so maybe it will be better when she is older .
 This product is not a good buy ! It is not very sturdy and the toys tend to hang very low . This product is cute but , it is still money better spent elsewhere .
 We recieved this from my mother when our son was born . She knew how much I adored Classic Pooh . Its cute and all but my son is now four months old and he really is not interested in it . It does not hold his attetion at all ! If you have cats they will absolutely love it ! Mine like to bat at his tail ! Save your money for another style .
 I bought this toy for my infant son as well as my infant nephew . The pictures made it look like something I could eventually prop the baby on and later on , he could have a big stuffed animal to play with . When I took the item out of the package , it was flat and flimsy . I thought there must be somewhere that you could at least stick a pillow in it to make it look like the Tigger that was advertised . There was n't a place to stick a pillow . Because it was so flat , the tail was hard to keep upright . I wish I 'd spent the money on something else .
 This is nothing like we thought it would be . It is WAY smaller than they make it look somehow for one . Two , the toys hang WAY to low . Right smack in baby 's face because the doll is really flimsy and the tail just sags down . I think I wouldnt be quite so upset if it wasnt 35.00 !! I 'd pay like 10.00 knowing how it is now . I think I may try to return .
 We received this item as a gift for our son . I have to agree with 2 other reviews
 It 's definitely cute , but the bar holds the toys too close to baby 's face . This scares my daughter , who likes other baby gyms . The music is also loud and intimidating to her . We 've now just taken the two non-musical toys off and placed them on another gym toy for her to play with , and the Tigger and musical turtle sit up in her room .
 I bought this camera for my daughter . She got one set of pictures from the roll sent with the camera . After that the camera is useless . There is no counter so you do n't know when the roll is finished . The film advance stops and the camera wo n't allow you to take more pictures so you assume the roll is finished because there is no other indication the roll is finished . When we open up back to get the roll out , the film is stuck in the middle and the roll is destroyed by exposure . This camera was a great diappointment for my daughter . Do n't buy it .
 I thought this `` toy '' would be a great addition in my two cats lives . But I was sadly mistaken . It 's concept was great . A cat like toy that swings its tails all around and moves with a remote and plays with you cats . Sounds great huh . Wrong . It may have just been my cats , but they did n't like it at all . They loved the tail flinging all around of course . But got bored with it because its so easy to break apart . Now maybe my cats are more rough , or stronger than normal cats , but I doubt it . The fact that the toy moved around by remote control was 10 times more amusing to me and my fiancee than it was to my cats . My cats actualy did n't like that feature one bit . If I was n't so extremly dissapointed i might have boxed the toy back up and sent it back for my money , but my cats still enjoyed the tail fraying about . So maybe they should just have a toy that swings its high teck over priced tail around ?
 This is the most boring and poorest quality game I have ever played . Even if you get it to work on your DVD player , you 'll be disappointed . Good thing I only payed $ 5 for it at chapters . And yet , I want my money back ...
 Is a very fun toy , and educational too . But in only two days my nephew two years old used , the toy dont work .
 My 14 month old daughter loved this toy . She liked to turn the pages and press the barney foot to hear the different songs . But it broke after only a few months of use . First the microphone stopped working even though we rarely used it . Now the songs skip , play for a moment and then start over . I think I have to throw it out since its entire purpose was to play music . What a waste !
 My 2 year old daughter loved this toy ... I say `` loved '' , because it only lasted a month or so . I thought the skipping was due to the toy being dropped , but other purchasers of this toy seem to share the same problem .
 My 18 mo. old daughter received this as a gift and absolutely loved the familiar Barney songs . This quickly became her favorite toy , but the microphone broke after a couple of uses . That was n't a big deal since my daughter did n't really understand that concept anyway . However , the toy itself started skipping after only a few weeks , and quickly got to the point where it ca n't get past the initial `` hello '' . Very annoying and definitely not worth the money .
 The problem with this product is that it does not come with any way to hook it up to the Fly Pen -- no instructions , it there some other piece of hardware I need to buy etc. . Not happy because it 's been sitting in my sons room for over 6 months .
 Although the purpose of this toy is great , the quality of it is not ! While playing with it appropriately , my daughter ripped off the ball release within a half hour on the first day she got it . I emailed the company and they sent me a free replacement . The replacement only lasted for about a month . I definitely would not recommend this to anyone !!!
 This was my son favorite toy , but the quality is horrible . It tears very easily and it can not be patched . The toy does not come with enough balls , so you have to buy more . I bought mine from Target and they dont carry it anymore . DO NOT BUY THIS TOY , NOT WORTH THE MONEY .
 Poor quality - top hatch ripped off from first use - with in one week the seam blew , not able to be patched . My 18 month old daughter had fun for one week , and cried when we had to throw it out . Waste of money . Very poor quality . Was easy to inflate .
 Item came opened and already partially put together . Seemed like we received someone 's returned item . Birthday gift for my grandson . Very disappointed !
 My son wanted a top hat for Halloween , and this one looked to be just what he was wanting . However , the fit is very uncomfortable . And it is quite small . It would be advisable to add to the description that it is definitely for children , not teenagers or adults .
 The hat brim was bent , not flat . It had glue on the brim from faulty gluing of the trim around the brim . Not all the trim was glued down there were many areas that were not attached properly . The shaft is not flush with the brim , it sticks out on the bottom by about inch.Also , the add states `` Comes with FREE 10 inch Magicians Wand '' ; I did not receive it.They claim it is perfect for costume or stage prop . It is NOT for Magicians that are doing any type of close up magic . It should be for stage only , with no interaction from audience.It does not look professional up close , and I could not recommend it for any magicians that have an up-close routine , or would need to interact with the booker in person.It should be only used on stage away from everyone , and with the sloppy condition it arrived in , I do not expect it to last very long.Also , the springs are so large on the sides that my head will not fit all the way into the top . I have a 7 1/8 hat size . It is not like the traditional crushable top hats where the spring system is small & lightweight . It might not hider wearing for a normal costume , but for magic , it is not the most workable prop.Another observation . Every time I crush and pop it out , the band shifts up , and it is noticeable from stage .
 I 'm a petite person and the hat fit on my head , but uncomfortably , because there were lots of hidden hinges and mechanisms inside the hat to make it fold flat . After opening and closing the hat a few times , it stopped folding flat , and would only stay in the open position . I was disappointed that I could n't show off the `` magic '' part of the hat for halloween .
 My 8-year-old son was extremely excited about the hat . He did n't mistreat it but it broke within 24 hours . Very disappointing .
 the kids like the chairs , but when they sit it them they tip over very frequently ... I wish they would have been more sturdyand bottom heavy ... I had to place them against the wall , so when the kids sit in them they dont fall backwards ... THey need to make the chair more bottom heavy on the legs ... disappointed
 This toy was one of the small Christmas gifts I planned to give my niece . However , it arrived dirty , as if it had fallen off the conveyor belt and no one paid attention ; they simply shipped the dirty toy off to my household . I was very disappointed , but had no time to ship it back . Thus , I had to clean it myself with a Tide pen , and I was not able to completely clean it . So , bottom line
 Although this toy does come with some nice stencils and activity pack , it does not have any place to store them and there is no way to attach them to the table so it is hard for my daughter to hold the paper steady . If I had it to do over I would not buy this .
 Bought this for my 8 year old daughter to take lessons with . My father plays alot and tuned the guitar . Within 5 minutes it was out of tune . Tried several times assuming the neck would settle in . So far no luck . Continuous tuning is needed . Even the teacher tried and could not make it stay in tune . Bummer , otherwise looks nicely made . We have n't returned it because the box was destroyed in transit .
 I loved the toy but It just did n't come with enough film . When my mother and I say it on sale 1/2 off we should 've figured something out then . If if would 've come with more film my friends and I would have had more fun with it . I was only able to take 5 pictures , all of me . I wish I could find more film
 I bought this for my daughter for her birthday . We used the film that came with it that had only 6 pictures . I went to the store to buy more film and bought the 12 izone picture packet . However , this does not fit in the Photo Booth . The top does not close to use the film . So not only did I pay for the Item I paid for film that I had to through in the garbage . The Photo Booth has been sitting on my daughters dresser since November and we have to yet use it again .
 I am extremely disappointed with this product . After using the 1 package of film that is provided , I found it impossible to find film for it . I called Radica Games to complain ; only to find out this product has been discontinued . It has been discontinued because Polaroid now distributes this film only on a limited basis . Limited basis means that it is on its way to being phased out . This film is available on line or at a few retailers -LRB- but that does not mean you will find it in stock -RRB- . I find it reprehensible that Amazon and Toy R Us are still carrying this product and selling it for full price knowing the product has been discontinued and not informing the consumer . Buyer beware !!
 THERE SHOULD BE A CHOICE OF NO STARS ... ONE STAR IS ONE STAR TOO MANY FOR THIS TOY !!! You can imagine my disappointment and anger when I received this toy on 12/20 in the late afternoon -LRB- it was ordered 12/13 with rush shipment -RRB- as a Christmas present for my niece ! The thing comes with 1 roll of film with only 6 pictures . Polaroid.com does n't even sell the film , it is not available anywhere !!!!!! So , with only 3 or 4 days to go , I 'm out shopping for a Xmas gift ! AMAZON.COM AND TOYS R US , YOU SUCK , TAKE THIS TOY OUT OF YOUR STORES AND OUT OF YOUR WEBSITE . IT SHOULD NOT BE AVAILABLE TO ANYONE UNLESS YOU POST IT AS A DISPOSABLE CAMERA !!!!
 I wasted alot of money for a toy that could only be used 1 hour . My 8 year old niece kept asking for the toy so I bought it for her for christmas . It is now the middle of May and we still can not buy film . I also wasted money on film that did not fit but could not be returned because we opened it . This is sad !
 My grade-school aged daughter loves this camera . It is always out and ready for when a friend comes over or she just gets the impulse to take a photo . I am happy because that is exactly how the toy is intended to be used.BUT - When I purchased this item I ASSUMED that something as common as Polaroid film would be easy to find - but it is near impossible and I live in New York City !!! She got the gift over winterbreak - after the film ran out I set out for what I thought would be a quick trip to purchase more film . It took about three days and about 15 stores to find it . Then I stock piled as much as it as my greedy hands could get hold of - which was a pathetic two boxes . And you know what ? It is not cheap film . I also bought some of the sticky film -LRB- which is a neat idea -RRB- but it DOES NOT fit in the machine - and you ca n't return opened film . That was a waste.I do n't know how polaroid keeps selling izone cameras when the film used for these cameras is near impossible to find!Except for this film issue - I love it , she loves it and I would recommend it to anyone ... but not having film for a camera is a BIG hurdle to overcome !
 The idea of a personal photo booth is a good one , but this toy is disappointing . Following are our concerns with the toy .1 . Not enough film comes with the camera -LRB- only 6 photos -RRB- . Because of initial set-up problems , we only were able to get 5 to develop .2 . The film is small , expensive , and difficult to find . The developed photos measure just less than 1 inch high by 1 inches wide . If more than one person is in the photo , you need a magnifying glass to appreciate the images .3 . The images are very poor . Most images are streaked and unnaturally colored with an orange tint .4 . The image that develops on the film does not match what is seen in the mirror.In summary , I believe this toy is a waste of money both when purchased and throughout its life due to the high cost of the film .
 I did not purchase this toy , however , I am writing this as an annoyed parent of a 4 yr . old boy . It seems that this manufacturer thinks that only little girls like to take photos . I almost bought it unitl I saw the word `` girl '' stenciled BIG across the top . A word to this and other toy manufacturers
 My husband and I bought this toy for our 8 year old daughter for Christmas and we ca n't get the thing to work . We 've replaced batteries , messed with the film etc but to no avail . When you pull the lever to take a picture nothing happens . What a disapointment .
 I got this for my then 8 year old daughter for x-mas last year and it was a huge waste of money !! The pics came out lousy and we could not get the replacement film in correctly and it ended up ` reaking !! Dont waste your time or money -- purchase a cheap digital for them to use ... thats what we did and now she can take it on field trips and to parties !
 I really wanted this toy for christmas last year ... it was awsome ... The first 2 pics that it took !!!!! The film is totally hard to get in ... my uncle -LRB- a photagrapher -RRB- couldnt even get the film in !!!!! my advice to parents whose kid wants this toy is to tell them that santa stopped making film rolls ... because that seems what the manufacturer has done !!!!!!
 What a super fun idea this photo booth is ! My 8 year old had a great time with the first 6 pictures that it came with . Easy to load and operate . However , just like all of the previous reviewers , I too read the instructions which stated that it will take `` any i-zone film '' and ended up purchasing the i-zone200 film -LRB- because that is the only film available in my area -RRB- - which obviously does not fit this unit . Upon calling Radica 's customer service , and airing my concerns , they have taken the position that their instructions are clear and that it was my fault I purchased the wrong film . I am very frustrated as it seems that the standard i-zone film is being discontinued from all the retailers in my area . My suggestion to everyone is not buy this product , as it was stated once before `` what good is this toy if you can not buy the film for it . ''
 I am glad I was not the one who wasted money on this product , my daughter received this toy for Christmas and had fun with the few pictures she was able to take with the sample film , she was very disappointed at the size of them though . Finding film to fit it however is a joke and a HUGE waste of time and money , we are still unable to find film and it sits in her room collecting dust .
 The music sounds really awful ... and of poor quality !!! It looks cute but sounds bad . It doesnt have good music a kid would like to listen to .
 THIS TOY WAS BEYOND RIDICULOUSLY LOUD . IT HURT MY ADULT EARS I CAN NOT IMAGINE THE DAMAGE THAT IT DOES TO A CHILDS EARS !
 I bought this game for my geriatric patients with mild cognitive deficits , thinking it would be fairly user friendly -LRB- Jingo games are supposed to be for younger people -RRB- and was appalled as to how intricately specific it is . You have to be a weatherperson to be able to play this game . What a rip-off , I wanted my money back . I paid too much for this game and they did n't even provide markers for the Jingo cards . Save your money unless your players are meterology majors .
 This thing looks huge in the picture ! Like the other reviews state , I too could get the EXACT SAME THING at Walmart for 1/10 of the price -LRB- with shipping -RRB- . Disappointed does not begin to describe the range of emotions I began to feel when I opened the package-the only question I have is `` Is Madoff directing shares to JJ 's Book Nook ???? '' .
 This is not what I expected this can be bought in Wal-Mart for under -LSB- ... -RSB- picture decieving actual truck very small . It does give scale however I do n't by these things and know very little about them it was a gift for my grandson . Picture very deciving .
 This looked much larger and I found it under remote controlled cars . How did that happen ? So small , this is rediculous and I paid -LSB- ... -RSB- . Now I have to pay a restocking fee and return shipping . Lovely . I will do some research next time and read the feedbacks first from now on .
 I purchased this truck for my nephew and I was expecting a nice big truck for $ 20.00 . But I think the picture was a bit deceiving . The truck is actually quite small and can be purchased at Walmart for $ 2.98
 Hey!Hey!Hey!Nothing you can sayNothing 's gon na change what you 've done to meNow it 's time to shineI 'm gon na take what 's mineTake what 's mineHey!Nothing you can sayNothing 's gon na change what you 've done to meNow it 's time to shine.I 'm gon na take what 's mineYou 're gon na burn in my lightThey try so hard to followBut no one canInside you 're all so hollowYou understandHey!Nothing you can sayNothing 's gon na change what you 've done to meNow it 's time to shineI 'm gon na take what 's mineWhile you 're burning inside my lightI gave and you take and I waited for you but I 've made a mistakeIt 's clear that your fear is so near because I see the look on your faceYou try to hold me under , I held my breathAlone and now you wonder , what I possessHey!Nothing you can sayNothing 's gon na change what you 've done to meNow it 's time to shineYou 're gon na burn in the lightHey!Nothing you can sayNothing 's gon na change what you 've done to meNow it 's time to shineI 'm gon na take what 's mineWhile you 're burning inside my lightYou 're gon na burn in my lightThey try so hard to followBut no one canInside you 're all so hollowYou understandHey!Nothing you can sayNothing 's gon na change what you 've done to meNow it 's time to shineI 'm gon na take what 's mineWhile you 're burning inside my light
 I say this toy is pretty good and Randy Orton is a great wrestler but theres one thing that made me give it such a low reveiw Randy was beaten by a 5 ' 6 '' masked wrestler named Rey Mysterio and i say Rey is one of Randys biggest enemys and i gave this toy a low review because this 6 ' 4 '' great wrestler is afraid of a wrestler thats about a foot shorter than you . a 5 ' 6 ''
 First of all let me say the Leapfrog Clickstart is just average at best . We have recently purchased the FIsher Price IXL and my daughter has enjoyed that handheld computer much more than the Clickstart.With that being said , this game is one of the worst on this system . There is really only one challenge on the game ... the graphics are poor ... the educational value is very minimal ... basically save your money.My daughter has the Finding Nemo title for this system and enjoys it much more than Toy Story .
 This Toy Story game is aweful ... We have Dora and Thomas and those are a lot better . This one does n't even compare ...
 Harry was a Christmas gift for my Geanddaughter . Her eyes nearly popped out of the sockets when she opened the package . She loved Harry and we loved the great service we received on this purchase .
 I spent so much time searching for a food set that my little girl would love and would be a better value than other sets I have seen . I read the reviews and most of the people loved the product so I took a chance . This food set came today and I was so mad at myself for ordering it . You pay way too much for what you are getting in the set . If I was to do this again I would order the Melissa and Doug sets instead . This set is a huge joke for $ 50.00 !
 My son got to play with this for one day , then it would not work anymore . It was a lot of fun for the few hours that it worked . We will be sending it back . Very dissapointed !!
 My kids loved this bike . The details are realistic . However the build quality is very bad . This is my second one purchased . The front section broke off after a couple of runs .
 My son got this toy last Christmas , he loved it and it was a lot of fun while it lasted , which was about one day . I was very disappointed , I expected a lot more from Chicco and for the price . The idea was very nice , because it was very easy for him to use , he was 2 then , but I will never buy another toy from Chicco again , the same thing happened to the car version from the same brand name he got too , and a friend of mine said the same thing happened to their son 's motorcycle .
 Not worth it - do n't spend your money.Breaks in 2 days of playing with it , spend your money on something better .
 My daughter got this for a gift for her 1st birthday , and it was broken by the time she went to sleep that night . Not durable at all .
 This guitar is way smaller than it appears . I would n't buy it for any kid over 9 mos .
 the guitar is so small that it does not resemble a guitar and children can not conceive it to be a proper guitar . the neck should be atleast six inces longer . my kid was dissapointed
 I purchased this toy for my daughter . Since my husband plays guitar , I thought it would be a cute idea to get my daughter a guitar , too . What a mistake ! It worked for about 2 months and then the `` strings '' stopped playing the music . I thought I needed to change the batteries , that was not the case . After about 2 weeks , the top botton , which makes silly sounds stopped playing . It was useless . It was just a plastic guitar with no sounds ! I just threw it away . It was such a waste of money !
 I hate it and my daughter who is 1 year wo n't even pick it up . The problem is that it barely plays music . When you hit one of the buttons it plays for a matter of seconds , if it lasted longer it would be better . This is a useless kind of toy .
 I bought it as a gift for my daughter 's 1st birthday . The drum doesnt work , POOR SOUNDS ! My daughter is ignoring it . i was deceived by the approaching details of this product.Waste of money !
 I purchased this for my kid 's birthday after carefully reviewing the different options on Amazon . It was the most expensive easel but the only one that combined white board , black board and magnetic board.There are so many things wrong with this item that I returned it to Amazon after a few weeks.Most of these issues are , in my opinion , related to poor product design . If ALEX TOYS goes back to the drawing board , literally , and fixes these design flaws , they could have a winner on their hands despite the higher price tag.WOOD FRAMEThe whole easel is made of untreated , unstained natural wood . This looked great on paper ... but is a horrible idea
 I bought this Easel because it says `` loaded w / accessories '' in the description . It was suppose to come w / paint cups , paint , chalk , crayons , brushes & a drop cloth & it came with none of the above . I received it the day before my Son 's birthday thinking it came with these things because it said it did & he could n't play with it because it did not . Before you order this realize it 's just the easel . I contacted Amazon but they said I had to contact the seller . So I did contact Roundtable & they said Amazon has the description wrong . They were suppose to call me back in regards to me getting the accessories ... well still waiting for that phone call .
 All four legs broke off in a matter of weeks . This cost far too much to brake that easily . I am very unsatisfied with it . It the legs were built to last longer it would be an excellent product . It was one of the few easels I could find that had a chalk board , dry erase board , spindle for rolls of paper to paint or draw , and was magnetic .
 Riker and LaForge never went anywhere near the USS Excelsior !!! Riker and LaForge are from the 24th century while the USS Excelsior was in the 23rd century . Scotty and Sulu were the only Starfleet officers that served on any of the USS Enterprises to have been aboard the USS Excelsior !!! DO NOT BUY !!! IT 'S BOGUS !!!!
 hey you dont know untill you try ! just let an adult launch it first and then let the child after seeing what you need to do and what may be dangerous ! yes i have an air rocket . its alot more simple though . it goes about only about 50ft . or so . they just want you to know IT WONT KILL YOU but it still may hurt because the force . if you get hit just right you may get a slight concussion , but nothing too serius . i gave it 5 stars because hey they -LRB- air pressure rockets -RRB- are raw fun!this rockets more complex then mine . mine used to go bout ' 120ft . ur so . its an air hog . its the airhogs Boeing Delta air rocket . not sure they sell it on amazon though . you can get it at targets sometimes - i bought mine at a target that we -LRB- me and mom -RRB- had to search for 1 out of three in the area . anyway have fun with the air rocket that you SHOULD launch !
 WARNING to all , the unit can explode sending plastic shards in all directions . This rocket was awesome while it was working . The rocket launched about a dozen times with a mix of single red and white discs . Wanting more altitude we read the instructions and we can use up to two red discs , we set the unit up for 1 white and 1 red . Now here is the warning , the unit should have been able to handle this setup . The result was in the middle of pumping the air cylinder exploded sending plastic shards in all directions and left me hard of hearing for a few -LRB- think pipe bomb -RRB- . It is amazing that nobody was hurt as we found pieces 15 ft away and we still have not found all the pieces . Will be contacting the manufacturer and asking why the unit is made of plastic that shatters as opposed to HDPE that splits . If the manufacture changes the cylinder material I will buy another but not until then .
 The piping on the bottom connecting to the device had an airleak in it , never got to use the thing !
 This rocket launcher is pretty good for just air launching . The launcher has a limit for how much pressure it can hold . I 've purchased the launcher on ebay under `` soda bottle rocket launcher '' which comes as a kit . This launcher launches soda bottles using water and compressed air . Of all the launchers I 've tried this one out performs them all . Its lightweight and durable enough to hold up to 120 psi and sends rockets screaming into the air . Designing rockets and recovery mechanisms is a blast . Check out the link to youtube that demonstrates this launcher being used ! Oh , it 's only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- plus s & h !!!!!
 THIS 1 STAR RATING IS NOT A REFLECTION ON THE PERFORMANCE OF THIS ROCKET . WE HAVE NOT EVEN USED IT YET BECAUSE AFTER ORDERING ONLINE & RECEIVING IT WE BECAME AWARE OF SOME THINGS THAT WERE NOT MENTIONED ON THE PRODUCT DESCRIPTION PAGE ... Please be aware when you go to purchase this rocket ! Nowhere in the product description does it mention warnings or even a suggested age range for this product . The box says for ages 10 and up with adult supervision . Personaly I think this is more for a child older than 10 . Here are some warnings on the box
 I just received this product - the tape on the box was open and the box was torn apart . It was obvious someone had received this and returned it . Since it 's a Christmas gift for my son I went ahead and taped the box shut and tried to repackage the product . It will be interesting to see if it actually works .
 This product would be great if the threading on the connector that goes to the pump was inspected . The threading was half encased in plastic rendering this toy useless .
 This was my 1st Little Tikes purchase for my 9 month old son . He loves spinning the wheels . However , the music does not come on after dropping the balls after 2 weeks of purchase . Also now after 4 months , the crank stops making sound too . Although a fun toy , we were unlucky with the quality / durability .
 My son received this toy for Christmas last year when he was 9 months old . He is now 18 months old and still does n't play with it . It just does n't hold his interest . ON the other hand , he could play all ; day with the plain old Little Tikes workbench . This is definitely not worth the money - there are more entertaining work bench toys out there .
 I spent $ 40 plus shipping and handling for this toy and was n't impressed with the toy at all . I thought the lights on the toy were extremely dim even after I put new batteries in the toy . It just was n't what I thought I was getting and I really hate that I spent that much money on a toy that , for lack of a better word , sucks !
 We were very dissapointed with this toy . Our son seemed interested at first but very rarely plays with it anymore . He is 11 months old now and it just does n't hold his interest . He may walk over and hit the nails a few times or drop the balls through once or twice but definately does n't stay with it . I have talked to other parents whose kids love it though . They are all different and like different toys.update
 My 15 month old son received this on Christmas when he was 12 months old . He plays with it some and mainly likes to put the balls in and watch them fall through . He keeps getting his arm and hand stuck in the orange container that holds the balls ! He starts screaming because he ca n't get his arm out and I have to help him pry it out of the container . It has n't drawn any blood yet but I have to watch him when he is playing with it .
 Santa bought this toy for my son when he was still young . I thought that maybe he would play with it more as he aged . After 8 months he still is uninterested in it . He will crawl right by it and go to a toy more entertaining . I thought that it was going to be a fun toy and that something more would of happened when the ball dropped in the little hole but instead it just fell from point A to point B. BORING ! I have to give this toy two thumbs down ... hopefully `` Santa '' will research the toys more before he brings them to the good boys for xmas .
 I bought a new version to replace an old one , and was disappointed that factual errors on the question cards had n't been corrected . Basically a trivia game with really hard trivia rather than general historical facts - more likely to ask Washington 's shoe size than the turning point of the Revolutionary War .
 The `` Blocks and Marbles '' set is a much higher quality than these Amaze-n Marbles . These have huge variations in the quality of wood pieces ; some are really porous lightweight woods that are rough around the edges -LRB- not splintery , just porous and rough , think dried up sponge -RRB- . The blocks with the holes are really rough inside . The tracks are fine , a denser smoother wood , though the wood stains are a bit muddy . The `` Blocks and Marbles '' sets have tight grain wood with clean cuts and smoothly sanded holes . These do n't have as satisfying a clatter when the towers and tracks fall , or as nice a feel in hand . Also , the box has a sticker that says `` assembled in the USA , some parts may have been made in China . '' Returned these and got two sets of the others instead . The shapes are generally the same and both brands are compatible with each other.Oh yes , that 's the other thing with both of these -- you need to use support blocks between the tracks so that the marbles can go through . So get the biggest set you can afford -LRB- or multiple sets -RRB- .
 The holes do n't align perfectly . Also , it is difficult when you 're building to see where the hole should be . A plastic marble run would have been a better choice for us . The children wanted a faster building pace with the marbles .
 I played this game in the 1970s , and had the chance to play it again with my niece and nephew recently -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . The conversion of the game to a Simpsons theme is quite good , plenty of relevant references . The game play remains pretty good , although there have been a few changes since the '70s . The reason this only gets two stars , however , is the terrible design . What happened ? It used to be that the spinner action was smooth and cool , with a ` zzzzz ' sound . Now it 's just a disc of spinning plastic that is really unsatisfying . Also , the buildings used to snap in , and you could fold the game and place it into its box . Now , the numerous buildings and bridges all must be removed in order to store the game in the box , which means you have to re-construct the game every time you want to play . What a terrible hassle ! These two details change what had been a classic and made it into an also-ran . For the price stated -LRB- stated retail price of about $ 21 -RRB- , you should expect these details to be taken care of .
 All the Simpson 's trivia is fun , but the quality of the game is poor . Seems like it was made so cheaply so the Simpson 's franchise could suck all the profit out of it . I read the other reviews and decided to buy the game only because of the buy one get one free offer . The spinner barely spins . I think I need to go buy a 10 sided dice .
 Let me start off by saying that I adore the Simpsons , and I just love playing Life , so I was thrilled to get this game for Christmas . When it came time to play it , however , I was deeply disappointed . Maybe I am spoiled because I have one of the great old Life boards , but this game is super flimsy . The buildings do n't fit in the slots on the board right and come out while you are trying to play and even the spinner seems like it 's going to come off when you spin it -LRB- it did once while we played it -RRB- and it does n't spin smoothly . In the old game of Life , when you are done you can just fold up the board and put it away . In this version , you have to take the whole thing apart - all the buildings , bridges , the spinner and all to make it fit in the box , then reassemble it when you want to play again -LRB- which in my case , probably wo n't happen -RRB- . The rules are a little different , and not quite as fun , but I do have to say that some of the cards and spaces are pretty funny , which is it 's saving grace . It was a great idea , just not executed very well . I would only recommend this to diehard Simpson 's memorabilia fans , just not anyone who actually wants to play the game .
 The Game of Life
 I feel like I always get a lot out of the games I buy b/c we MAKE them fun even if they are duds . We alter the rules to suit us . For ex , we often make a kid and teen/adult team so the little ones can play along too.This game is very cheaply made . -LRB- 95 % of Simpson products are the same . Those Krusty product jokes must be based on the real Simpsons merchandise . -RRB- It takes a long time to set up and disassemble the plastic pieces for each game . Your token is still the classic Life car with the colored pegs . Come'on , could n't they have done better?Life is a bit of difficult game b/c it 's harder for children to understand and by the time they do , they probably wo n't want to play . Adults are unlikely to enjoy the novelty of bills , etc b/c that 's their everyday life .
 After reading all the other reviews I noticed at the bottom other products people looked at ... I did not realize until then that The Simpsons Edition is made by another company ... Hasbro . Maybe that explains the difference in the quality that all reviews seem upset about . I have not check out to see if the current The Game of Life -LRB- still manufactured by Milton Bradley -RRB- is also as poorly constructed.I would not go out to purchase this game , however , it is a request on a child 's Christmas list that we are to purchase a gift for in our family name draw .
 We played this game for the first time with two adults , a 13 year-old , and a 10-year old . The instructions are poorly written ; and even worse , the pieces are too big to fit the spots where they are supposed to fit . It 's as if the game designer had the idea that they could use metal pieces like in Monopoly , but they were too expensive . So you never know where your piece fits , and since the instructions are unclear , it 's never clear what you can or should do . Buy Blockus instead !
 I had to return this game and contacted the company to get accurate return information.Game was delivered to them on 1/8/08 and as of 1/17/08 there has been no refund issued . Had to contact them for status.Fair warning .
 My daughter recieved this toy when she was 5 months old . She primarly used it to pull herself up and tended to pick the entire kitchen up . It would have been helpful if it was slightly weighted on the bottom . Additionally , I was disappointed with the toaster . Either the toast should have been removable or it should have made sounds . She never became interested in the fridge door sorting but I am hoping that as her skills improve that it will become a fun game for her .
 I do n't own this toy - yet ! But after seeing it in the store , I wanted to buy it for my 6 month old son . Today , I am looking at it on Amazon and am SHOCKED that they have it listed at $ 189.99 , when it actually only should cost about $ 35 . Please beware of this fact !
 We gave this kitchen to my daughter at her 1st birthday . She is now well past her 2nd birthday and has yet to play much with this toy . It just does n't do that much . There are 3 food shapes to put in the sorter , a couple doors to open and a few burners that make sounds . My daughter plays with it for about one minute and then moves on . My advice is
 I expected this toy to have a little more to it . Yeah , the burner and `` sink '' parts make a noise and light up a little , but the toast does n't come out of the toaster and the food accessories are pretty boring . That said , my 1 and 4 year-olds both play with it some . I was hoping for a little more action to distract them while I cook in the actual kitchen . Also , the door to the refrigerator falls off easily -LRB- and goes back on pretty easily , too -RRB- .
 We bought this toy for my daughter last year for Christmas -LRB- she was 15 months -RRB- , I thought it would be great for her to play with but when we took it out of the box and saw how small it was I was really disappointed . It really is n't worth the money , she is now 2 years old and hardly ever plays with it , it is just too small to do anything with .
 I bought this toy for my 15 month old granddaughter because my 7 year old granddaughter used to like it when she was a toddler . They have changed the toy and made it far less entertaining and enjoyable . The discription of the kitchen which you read here is for the Little Tikes Kitchen of 7 years ago . At that time there were three little blocks that fit into corresponding shapes in the frige door . The blocks would remain hidden out of sight until the toddler pressed a button and the blocks would drop down into a little pot that fit on a shelf on the outside of the door . The button and blocks dropping down were the main attractions of the toy , far more than the sounds of sizzling or boiling , the button and blocks really entertained my granddaughter.On the newest model kitchen , that feature has been eliminated entirely , although they still list it in the description here . The kitchen USED to include 8 pieces
 We received this kitchen for our 1-year old 's birthday . She barely takes notice of it ! Although the sounds were initially thrilling to hear , they have since lost their appeal . It is so tiny -LRB- barely 16 inches high -RRB- that she must sit to enjoy anything about it . Also , it is lightweight ... so , do n't be surprised when you see it knocked over or dragged off into another area.The real treasure about this kitchen are the tiny shapes , pots , & utensils that come with it . It 's just unfortunate to spend so much on accessories!Choose this toy wisely . It is for such a limited time that a child will be interested in it !
 I bought these beads for my 2 year old because he needed them for fine motor skills . Although there are a lot of choices here at amazon , I went to the store and these were the only ones they had , so I got them . Well , he was excited at first and wanted to play , and he likes the bright colors , but because they are made of wood , the string does n't go through that easily . It catches all the time on little pieces of wood on the inside and he gets very frustrated . I would recommend the soft beads offered on Amazon over any wooden set !! I 'm going to order them too .
 I bought this for my daughter -LRB- age 4 -RRB- for Christmas , and she was thrilled to be getting her own game , and about dinosaurs , no less ! Unfortunately her enthusiasm -LRB- and mine , my almost 6 year old son 's , my husband 's , and my mother-in-law 's -RRB- quickly died out as we played . It is advertised as similar to Candyland , which it is . But unlike Candyland , there are very few ways to change the order of the players -- once someone gets out in front , they stay there . Even playing at Level 1 , when you do n't have to answer the questions , it is just too long . And as for the questions ... well , there is one question card for each area on the board . On the card is a question for each color on the die . So if everyone rolls the same color -LRB- which did happen when we played -RRB- , then everyone gets the same question . So basically , we are pretty disappointed with the game . The best part about it seems to be fitting the dinosaur puzzle pieces into each side of the board .
 This is NOT a puzzle . You do n't GLUE a puzzle !!! This is a model and should be labeled appropriately . The flimsy pieces break as you try to get them out of the stamped wood block . I guess that 's why they tell you to use sandpaper . Do n't waste your time or money on this piece of junk .
 The squares can only fit one pawn at a time . I wish the squares are larger , or the pawns are smaller . When more than one kids arrive at the same square , they tend to bicker about whose pawns should be in the square . Else the kids need to remember at which squares they are at.Instead of using the pawns , I use buttons of different shapes/colors to resolve this issue .
 I love this game and play it all the time . However , NEVER buy the version with ` contour grip . ' The other version has the numbers engraved and the paint is inside those indentations . The contour grip is a smooth slightly convex surface with the numbers painted on them . The numbers chip and wear away very quickly . Many of my pieces are now all but unreadable .
 I really wanted this for my `` Princess '' to match her bed , I refuse to pay that for SHIPPING . You 've got to be kidding ... . ridiculous ... . low ratings for me
 I bought this game for my kids for Christmas 2012 . And we are a family BIG on playing board games we have a closet full . This game was just boring its purpose of how to win made no sense to use . Cheap
 I was hoping that a simple toy like this would help me teach my 3 and 5 year old some basic physics . The colored pieces are a little smaller than the circumference of a quarter . They are made of a thin plastic and therefore , have little weight . You see very little seesawing motion when you play and the board tends to fall over more often because they bump the surface a little when placing the plastic playing piece . If the parts had some more weight and quality , it would be more fun to play . The toys I played with when I was growing up are still around , just more flimsy and lower quality . -LRB- Thanks Wal-Mart ! -RRB-
 Actually , we love the game very much but are very disappointed with Pressman Toys . Here 's the scoop
 I purchased the Step 2 Deluxe ride on car for my grandchildren and they loved it . Knowing that , I purchased this one as an extra . I am disappointed in it for many reasons . It is smaller that the deluxe , it does n't have a cup holder and the horn sound like a weak squeaky toy . All around , I wish I had purchased another Step 2 Deluxe .
 My daughter loved to ride in her car from 9 months to 15 months but now she is bored with it when I put her in . She puts her feet down on either side while I am pushing which scuffs the tops of her shoes very badly and makes me nervous that I might hurt her her if I go too fast . My other gripes are that to turn it you have to push down on the handle to lift the front tires off the ground - seems like this would wear on the handle . On the first car we got the pin to attach the handle would not fit through the holes , so we had to return it . Lastly - it would be much better if the wheels were rubber . The plastic wheels are very noisy . The whole neighborhood knows when we are coming . Overall , it is cute and it makes younger babies/toddlers feel big but if your child is like mine with the `` I want to do it myself '' attitude , they may get bored with this toy quickly . Check out toys that they can grow into a little better
 I was really excited when I bought this for my daughter but boy , it sure is LOUD !!! It is extremely noisy when pushing on the sidewalk and makes it difficult to have a conversation if you are walking with someone else . My 14 mo old daughter does n't seem to mind and she seems to enjoy it but I sure wish I took time to read not only the 5 stars reviews which did n't mention about the loudness of the tires . Especially after using my neighbor 's radio flyer which has rubber tires , it sure makes a huge difference ! I would have been glad to spend the extra money and exchange this one except after only one use around the neighborhood , you can already see the scratches on the wheels . So unless you do n't mind dealing with the loud noise , you may want to check out other similar toys that have rubber tires instead . In addition , I agree with another reviewer that at best , I can see my daughter still liking to ride it perhaps til 2 while on the other hand I can see still using a radio flyer til age 4 or even older , not to mention having an extra space for another child , a diaper bag , a blanket , or even a small dog ! I think it would have been a better value overall . Otherwise , I think a push tricycle would also be more enjoyable after age 2 . And lastly , I wish they created a plastic key ignition instead of the stickers it came with ! Aside from the wheels and horn your child can play with as he/she sits there , rest are just stickers you put on . Anyway just somethings to consider before buying !
 I had my eyes fixed on this item , thinking that i will get it for my son and push him to the park . But I went to the store , and pushed this car out of curiousity . Boy it was hard on the arm because the front wheel does n't turn ! So in order to turn the car , you have to lift the front a bit , kind of like the jogging strollers . I already have a jogging stroller , and am not looking to jog him in this push car . It was hard to push even on the nice smooth floor of the store , I ca n't imagine how hard it would be to push it on the pavements , or off road in the park . If you are looking to push in straight lines , or workout your forearm , go for it !
 Wow ! This ride on is great . I have two little girls 16 mo. and 4 years old that started riding on this before they were a year old . The back of the seat gives great support for the little one , the width is wide enough so they do n't slide off to one side or the other , and it has a seat belt !! My daughters loved to ride down the sidewalk pretending to steer all the way . It has a horn that beeps , a key , and the trunk in the front is great for stuffing toys , blankets or what ever you dont want to carry along with you on your journey . The trunk is easy to open and close , my daughters spent many hours on this , and my little one still loves to jump on and go for rides . I have recieved numerous complaiments with this cute toy . It 's soo easy to put in your trunk or the back seat , and the kids just love riding on it . We used it for Halloween for each of my daugters when they were too young to walk fast enough with the rest of the group and it can pretty much go through any terrain like nothing . My only complaint is that the steering wheel broke off one time and no matter how many times we glue it together it wo n't stay on and the back wheels have begun to crack down the middle of each tire . But I know it has been used many many times also .
 This toy is actually very cute/possibly fun and my 12 month son had his first ride yesterday - he seemed to really enjoy it but Im afraid it will be a short lived experience . The problems are :1 . It is advertised on Amazon as being for 18 months to 3 year olds . However the manufacturer lists it as 9 months to 3yrs . Amazon misprinted the age range . This thing is very small - my son is big for his age and wears 18 month size -LRB- He is tall - 31 inches -RRB- - so I thought that it would be able to grow with him . He is already too big for this thing . H may have a few months in it . There is no way he will make it to 18 months let alone 3 years old in this thing . If your child is tall/big for thier age - buy something else .2 . The tires - hard cheap plastic that are very loud and will wear out easily . The manufacturer went cheap on this and it shows . I read in another post where someone put vacume cleaner belts on the tires to quiet the ride and extend the tire life . We will try that to see if it helps .3 . The horn is very difficult to press - it requires real hand strength from me to push - no way an infant can really make the horn honk .4 . overall - very cheap for the money - should have bought a radio flyer wagon .
 This toy is so much fun , my 13 months old loves it , but it is extremely LOUD . The tires are pure plastic and make so much noise on the pavement . I would definetely recommend anyone getting the silent ride version of it .
 this toy has too many parts and incorrect assembly instructions ! I would never buy another toy to assemble ! What a pain !
 My 13month old son loved this in the store , but once we got home and out on the side walks and park floor and streets . It gave him motion sickness because its so low to the floor and was very bumpy ! Its very sad to see your child sick like this . He has never been motion sickness and love to play airplane with his Dad all the time ! ?????
 would have loved the item except that amazon shipped the item missing the handle , the seat belt , and the decals - therefore , we ended up having to ship the item back to amazon at a cost of almost as much as the item was worth ! So far we have not received a credit for the item OR the shipping so we are REALLY dissatisfied customers !
 This item is fantastic . It 's just the right size , not too small or too large . The handle is the perfect size for parents to push their child around . The wheels are plastic so it can get loud when you push it over concrete sidewalk , hard surface . Overall , great product .
 This toy was a major dissapointment for us . The age guidelines are for 1-3 . We got this when our daughter was 15 months old . Granted she was big for her age at 34 inches and 27 lbs , but she was still smaller than a 3 year old ! Her feet were to large to fit on the side where they were suppose to . She looked like a clown riding a small bike at the circus ! This toy is definately for very petite children . Either it should be made larger or the guidelines should be changed . We gave it away to her 3 month old cousin .
 Well I would love to write a legitimate review regarding my son 's use / enjoyment of this toy but we were n't able to get past the assembly . We were terribly disappointed to discover that this requires so much assembly . Seriously , why ca n't the tires come attached ? We broke one of the knobs while trying to put this thing together , which involved a step that necessitated perfect balancing of the buggy on its side , which was very difficult.Grrr , I 'm so annoyed !
 It was literally not possible to assmble this toy properly . The metal rod for the wheel was mishaped and the plastic cover did not fit . Then , the steering wheel did not attach properly . Finally , the screw to attach the handle would not fit flush against the back fo the seat . Do not waste your money or time on this piece of junk .
 this is a great push buggy if it only turned ... you can go straight forward and straight backwards , if you want to turn a corner you have to lift it . We exchanged ours for the Little Tikes version and we -LRB- mommy and daddy - the pushers , and baby -RRB- all love it .
 This toy did not match my expectations . I was so keen on taking my 13-month old baby for a fun ride ... Her knees already block the steering wheel ! Is n't this supposed to go from 9 months to 3 yrs !! Not at all!The wheels are so loud when rolling and not smooth at all ! They were so loud I was embarrassed with my neighbors ... Also , my daughter kept sliding down the seat - I guess the belt is positioned too low ... What I found the most uncomfortable to deal with is that the wheels do not turn ! So you have to drag it to do so ... I do n't want to sound too picky buy all of these should have been considered by the maker ... anyway , I took it back and hope to find something more friendly for both baby & me !
 I got this for my daughter for her 1st birthday . She always wants to go for a ride in it but she has been too big for it since she was about 15 months old . Her feet and legs do not fit in the space provided so they drag on the ground on the side . The designers should think about providing leg space under the front section like in a normal car instead of devoting all the space to the `` trunk '' . Granted , my daughter is tall -LRB- at 23 months she is 38 '' , 35 pounds , size 8 foot -RRB- but this did n't even fit her when she was 15 months old . I was n't impressed with the horn on this either - I can make it work , but my daughter ca n't . The last thing that turns me off about this toy is that it is VERY noisy when riding on the sidewalk or street - everyone can hear you coming a mile away . I did n't have any problems with the handle falling apart like some others did , in fact it seemed very sturdy , just small . I 'd suggest looking around for something else .
 I have been researching these types of cars to buy for my son 's upcoming birthday . After reading the reveiws on this car and others like it I thought the best thing to do is pack my son up and we would go to toys `` r `` us and test drive them . I put my son who is 11 months old and 30lbs in this car and it was ridiculously too small . Up to three years of age my foot . If your child is not small for their age this car would not be for you . We put him in the Deluxe Cozy Convertible Car and we could not get him out of it . He threw a fit each time we tried , so we just pushed him around in it while we finished shopping . The cozy coupe is more money , but it is worth it . He loves it ! It does not have a seat belt , but it was easy to put one in and very easy to put together . So my advise is before you buy this car take your child and try it out first !
 We received this gift for Christmas when my son was 6 months old . Since the box said 18-36 months we did n't even open it until his first birthday at 12 months old . The buggy is super cute and he did seem excited about taking a ride in it . However , he 's tall -LRB- in the 90th percentile at 12 months -RRB- and he fits very tightly in the buggy - leg , knee and feet wise . He 's not yet walking so we do n't have shoes so we usually put him in barefoot or with socks . Because he is cramped , he tends to throw his feet out the side and because he 's so tall they scrape on the ground . Not just the bottoms but when you push the buggy , the top of his feet scrape the road/sidewalk and get cut up and get caught under the back wheels of the buggy . It makes it impossible to use the buggy . We should have used it when he was younger . Otherwise , its a cute buggy!Update
 These are the smallest trucks -LRB- about 2 and 1/2 inches long -RRB- for the money I 've ever seen and I 'm the mother of three grown sons and 2 grandsons . You are paying for the Sesame Street name . I 'd suggest spending your money on generic trucks and get more for the money . That being said my 1 yr old grandson will probably love them and I 'll end up eating my words !!
 We have a broken part and called little tykes went through a little snag with them about where purchased and what part broken . Did n't receive the right part YET ! so really ca n't play with it . Some stickers had been taken off paper and not sticky so need stickers too . Seems to be very durable except for missing parts , but all in all my son was so excited and happy he got a Diego jeep only thing he asked for and searched for it all over internet and got the last one!Thanks Amazon.Mari WeltyOhio
 The pieces were too small for a 4 year old ... also too many &#34; warnings &#34; ... did not give to child but am keeping it until he gets older .
 As another reviewer noted , these are a shameless ripoff of the much better Swiss-made GEOMAG product . These here correspond to the `` GEOMAG Pro '' sets sold over in Europe , hence the smaller size . Everything is otherwise identical to the legitimate product , except for one BIG difference
 The grandchildren and adults have enjoyed Magformers Magnetic Building toys for the past six years . They are always the go-to items for anyone visiting in our home . This year I wanted to add some more Magformers to the collection . I saw the CMS Magnetics and decided to order them based on the reviews . I would suggest that if you have ever had the Magformers do not purchase these . Children and adults will be disappointed with the comparison.The on-line tracking provided was worthless . It stated that the package was delivered Dec 19 when in fact it was delivered Dec 24 . Maybe not the fault of CMS Magnets but the shipping method will be considered for future orders . Sticking with items that are eligible for Amazon Prime is best.I gave the 3 ratings because it is OK , just OK . I prefer to purchase items that kid love to play with , provides excellent learning experiences , is durable and stands the test of six years constant use instead of six minutes then forgotten .
 I got this game from my wife on X-mas . My family was excited to play it that evening . The game was excruciating to play . We are average SNL viewers having seen most episodes at some point in time -LRB- there are reruns on everyday -RRB- , but the questions are TOO difficult . You would have to watch the show 12 hours a day and take detailed notes to get most of the questions right.The DVD only plays a few questions from each catagory so when you use up the questions it refers you back to the written questions . Lastly the DVD plays the same few SNL theme notes over and over again . We had to pause the game to make it stop.We returned the game the following day .
 In order to answer the questions in this edition of Trivial Pursuit you would need an encyclopedic knowledge of the minutae of SNL . Most of the questions were beyond the ability of my family , who have watched SNL since it began , and who quote it frequently . I was very disappointed in this game .
 I could n't wait to play this game . I 've been a fan of SNL for over 20 years . I was sooooo disappointed with this game . The questions are horrible ! They are difficult to read and undestand . The only good thing about the game is the fact that the game pieces are cool . Otherwise , save your money . It 's not worth the $ $ $ $ . BOOO Hisssss to the creators of this game ! You ripped off your biggest fans !!!!
 Man this game sucks . I LOVE SNL , but the questions here are SO trivial . I was looking forward to getting this for Christmas and was very excited when I opened it . It all went downhill from there . I think the pieces are a good idea , but they 're ugly . The DVD clues are dumb and ineffective . I was playing with my dad -LRB- who is legally blind -RRB- . He could n't read the questions on the tv . I think it would have been better if the dvd was narrated . Overall , the game sucked , the questions were silly and it was n't fun at all ! As an aside , I noticed that there are no African Americans on the box or the board . One could argue that Eddie Murphy or Chris Rock were more successful SNL stars than , say , Cheri Oteri . Whatever . Game sucks . Costs too much . Stay away .
 OK , this one is weird . It is an ML figure but instead of being based on a comic version of the character it is based on the movie . Also , it is in a different scale -LRB- slightly smaller -RRB- presumably to fit in with X movie based figures . It 's a bizarre choice to me . As far as it goes though the figure does bear a pretty good likeness in the face to Beast from X3 . The blue though is a bit too dark really and the jacket restricts most of the arm articulation . It 's really not a very fun figure and may only interest those who need a beast for X movie related toys or if you want to finish your Annihilus build a figure . Beast comes with an arm and a leg -LRB- must be a tax collector -RRB- of Annihilus.As far as the build a figure -LRB- BAF -RRB- , Annihilus , goes he is an interesting mix . We 've kind of been out of the whole extra big BAF 's like Galactus and the Sentinel and others for a while now but the past BAF 's have been just as good and are still really big guys meant to be in scale with the 6 '' Legends figures -LRB- not that Galactus really was in scale . Hey Hasbro , a big Celestial would be cool -RRB- . I 'd give Annihilus 4 stars overall . He has a really good sculpt with lots of detail and a great assortment of articulation points . He has extra big leathery wings , a menacingly alien face , clawed articulated hands and a pink -LRB- ? -RRB- torso and gloves . Did I say pink ? That 's the only thing about this guy . For a real threatening Negative Zone alien also known as The Living Death That Walks , pink seems like a pretty feminine color . But maybe he 's secure in his masculinity . In some areas he was shipped with an alternate purple color rather than the pink to man him up a bit but it 's still pretty weird . Oh , well . Just be careful , if you are a perfectionist , that you do n't mix up different colored parts .
 okay . Your first pointer
 Fell apart within about 5 weeks of mild use . When tuning veneer cover pulled apart and splintered . Not worth $ 10 .
 This is a toy guitar . I can not say that enough . It does not stay in tune . My son received one as a gift from a relative a couple years ago . The only thing I can say is that , if you just want to see if a child would be interested in guitar , then you could buy it for that reason , it 's cheap enough . It would certianly not be good for a child with a real interest in learning the guitar as they would be disapointed in the guitar not staying in tune and might then lose interest . If your serious about a true instrument , stick with the known brands and visit a music store to learn more about what would be appropriate . The real ones -LRB- child size -RRB- can be found for around 100.00 so it 's worth it .
 My son opened this toy on Christmas morning . He was able to use it for 2 minutes before a string broke , and the guitar strap we purchased that was recommended for this toy was n't compatible .
 So , in this case we definitely got what we payed for so it should n't come as a suprise . It looks swell next to the Tacoma on the stand , but it is painful to hear . We could n't get it in tune , much less keep it there . As far as I can tell , there 's no way this will ever sound good.On the other hand , it works great for the four year-old twins that play it . Hopefully the sound wo n't drive them away from learning that instrument .
 I purchased this for my 9 year old son for Christmas . Luckily , I took it out and inspected it while he was n't home . I took it to my piano and was going to tune it when I noticed that tuning it made the neck start coming away from the main part . After twisting the middle string 2x it broke . First Act includes extra strings for the two thinnest strings but not for the middle . I am very disappointed and will be sending it back . I 'm just glad I looked at it before Christmas morning .
 I stumed the 2 high strings broke . I restrung it and the middle string snaped . The Pick guard feel of when I opened it . I noticed that the frets are stickers . I started to inspect it and when I licked my fingers the cheap paint came off . I was so mas . I took a bucket of water and poured it on it . All the paint came off . I relized it was cut by a saw . When you tryed to tune it it just bent the neck , the neck is made out of ply wood . It was so dinged up when I bought it . I do have other guitars , I bought this for a travel one . When the neck bends it makes all the other stings untned . DONT BUY THIS !!! Half of my plastic tuners fell off . The bottom part that holds the strings is half off . I only have half of my sticker frets . The neck is glued to the guitar . I had glue all over the bottom of the neck . The thing that hols the strap fell off . Most of these things happened when it came out of the box . I finaly decided after my inspection and the out of the box condition , and the things that would happen with normal play that it should be destroyed . First I took a bucket of water and poured it on it . All the paint came off . Literaly all off it . All that was left was the crpy ply wood . It was mad out of so so so cheap plywood . Do you know when you get plywood that is so tine you can pok you finger on it and it makes a dent . When I poked another light time it whent thru . I used it for the roof on my fort , cause that is all it is worth . After a rain storm it started to get messed up . The plywood is made of like what happens when water goes on sheetrock . The rest of it i burnt , which lit in a fireplace the instant it went in . The only fun part was the destructive part . Do n't buy it . You can get the same size for around 40 dollars at amazon . Parents it is good for little kids because they can and will pound on it and it will break . Well i think it was worth 20 bucks , it was so fun to destroy it . Do not get it .
 I thought that maybe we had a bad experience with this because our kids are only ages 3 and 4 when they got it . It sounds like other reviewers who got it for much older children had equally poor durability issues with this guitar . The screws which held our tuning forks rather quickly stripped and the whole functionality of tuning the guitar was shot because the tuning bases were no longer secure . We also had a string break with what seemed not extraordinary tension . My kids did love playing with this guitar despite being clueless to how it actually worked . It was dropped and stepped on frequently and did not lose it 's integrity to be played . The tuning fork screws are miniscule and will not hold long . That , will quickly render the guitar playless . I would definitely recommend chosing another guitar over this one . You get what you pay for !
 We bought this guitar for my 10 year old son as a guitar to start him on . It was nothing but frustration for all of us . It is very poorly made , never tunes properly , and is all around junk . He is constantly irritated at the fact that even if he plays the chord correctly , it still sounds wrong . After questioning a nearby music store about this particular guitar the manager told me that they get at least 5 or 6 a month in for repairs that end up costing the same as the guitar did.Reasons for the ratings
 I am knowledgeable about guitars so I was reluctant to buy this thing to begin with , knowing that you usually get what you pay for . But I gave it a shot anyway.This guitar is made to be BOUGHT not PLAYED.The intonation is so bad that it can not be tuned , especially the low E string.The problem is the height of the zero fret.It looks nice , but no child can learn to play on this guitar . Save up and get one that can be tuned .
 Just get a real one . It 's a waist to get a student guitar . Trust me just spend $ 20.00 more on a real one , or better yet just do n't buy a guitar . That may be the fad this decade but kids like me are going to need that money to go to collage or buy a car later on . Save your money kids , save your money !!!!
 My mom bought me this horrible guitar.The furnish is bad becauseitalways falls.The strings almost broke.And the sound is awful.It saysthat it 's great for kids.They are wrong !!! It is the most horribleguitar I have ever played !
 We love playing Michigan Rummy and we were happy to find the game available online . However , when compared to a very old version of this same game ... the bonus cards are different in this version and the quality of the board was a much sturdier plastic than this version . This game 's board is made of extremely thin cheap plastic , very easily cracked and/or crushed . Not durable at all
 I loved this game growing up and was really excited to replace my flood damaged game . This came in a thin card boards box and what used to be a solid thick game board is not a cheap piece of plastic that bends with the slightest use . Even the chips are cheaply made . I understand saving money but not at the cost of the customer .
 this game is not worth anyones money-the plastic is so thin that a sneeze would blow it off the table-save your money and make one yourself !!
 We have not used it yet but it appears flimsy at best.We were looking for the original royal rummy that rotates and works for several games like michigan rummy .
 game is not the same as i played years ago it has pay cards that are not hearts . was expecting something different game needs more information then just a picture .
 Do n't waste your money on this cheap tray . It is so flimsy , I doubt it will make it thru more than a few games.Ebay has vintage Michigan Rummy boards . Spend a little more and get a sturdier game tray .
 The whole thing about Michigan Rummy is the tray you place the money in . This one is so flimsy I do not think it will become a family heirloom . But it does serve the purpose .
 I ordered two of these based on one my daughter-in-law had been given some years ago . It 's a great game - but this playing board is pressed from very thin celluloid and is so flimsy I feel it will not last many games . In fact , one was received -LRB- in Cincinnati -RRB- very slightly deformed as the box had been slightly crushed in local transit .
 I love the game , but the product is incredibly cheap . The board is cheap , thin plastic . Only a few chips and no cards are included . Its worth about 25 cents . I should have gotten one of the other Michigan Rummy games . This one is junk .
 I used to have loads of fun playing this game when I was around 10 or 11 with my mother and brother and the neighborhood kids during summer vacation . We would sit in our garage at a card table -LRB- because it was the coolest room in the house ! -RRB- and play Michigan Rummy and laugh for hours . I wanted to replicate those times when our family and friends get together and play games , so I purchased this Pressman version . I was disappointed when I opened the packaged and saw the poor quality of the plastic used in making the game board , there are no betting chips included -LRB- even though they are listed on the box as being included -RRB- , and the game was also missing instructions . I was going to return the item , but figured I could buy the chips -LRB- or we could use pennies , nickles , and dimes -RRB- and copy the instructions off of the internet . It was just a disappointing purchase all around .
 We 've been searching for a Michigan rummy game board for family game night . I was excited to find this item and purchased two since we have a large family for game night . I was quite disappointed when we opened the box to find a thin , cheap plastic mould game board . We 'll be lucky to have it last for more than a few games .
 VERY DISSAPOINTED THE STRUTURE OF THIS GAME IS GARBAGEAND WILL PROBABLY NEVER USE IT . YOU NEED TO DISCRIBE THE GAME BETTER IF I COULD RETURN IT I WOULD .
 This is a good game , especially for a group . It 's easy to learn and easy to play . You need cards as well as more poker chips than the game comes with , and this board is flimsy plastic . Look for a better version .
 This is a GREAT game that all of my family members enjoy . However the tray in this game is EXTREMELY thin and flimsy . When the game arrived , still new in the box , the tray had already sustained damage somehow and had to be pressed back into shape . The tray loses shape with just the slightest of touch . I highly recommend the game , but the quality of the Pressman version of this game is terrible . We are saving our money to get a wooden tray ... This is no reflection whatsoever on Amazon -- they shipped very quickly !!
 my daugher is 15 months . rarely plays with it . if she does , it is for about a min . would n't recommend it .
 I was very excited upon recieving the V-Tech See Me Go ! Driver . After spending 10 minutes slapping the horn , my one year old completely lost interest . Even sitting with her and showing her the cool things it did did n't help her interest . She will however bop her head to the music if I push the button for her . It is brightly colored with many different gadgets and lights and sounds which should make it a very appealing choice , just not for my young one .
 I purchased this doll for my Great Grand-daughter for christmas 2010 . I was very disappointed as I was looking for a baby with real life skin and all for the bath tub with her . Guess I didnt read enough of the reviews because as soon as I saw it had a cloth body , I knew it was not what I wanted but too close to christmas to try to exchange it .
 This is a cute doll , but much smaller than I thought it would be . The body is not the moulded plastic that I thought it would be , but rather a weird , waterproof bean body . I liked that it was life-like -LRB- more so than the cabbage patch my daughter already has -RRB- , but the smell was over-powering when I opened the box . I much preferred the mild smell of the cabbage patch to the Corolle doll . I had bought this as a birthday gift for my almost 2 year old , but returned it and plan to either buy an additional cabbage patch doll or a circo brand doll like she has at grandma 's house .
 My daughter -LRB- who is nearly two -RRB- loved this doll the minute she saw it . It is the perfect size for her and fits nicely in her doll stroller . Her stuffed animals have gotten very dirty from going outside and they are n't washable so I was excited that the doll could get wet . Unfortunately , the doll does n't dry very quickly , so she has been relegated to a bath toy . We bath her at night and she dries overnight/during the day . This frustrates my daughter . I do n't really understand why the whole doll could n't be made out of the plastic material ??????????????????????? That part dries immediately !
 Its cute but the body of the doll is really soft . You cant even sit the baby . I wouldnt reccomend this for anyone .
 We are huge fans of Corolle dolls . My daughter has the Calin , Bebe Charmeur , Baby Lila , and Baby Chouquette and I would rate all of these dolls 5 out of 5 stars . We have loved Corolle dolls so much , we have even bought them for my 2 nieces who also adore them . Even though Corolle dolls are expensive , they have all been well worth the price because they are outstanding quality and have been loved above all other baby dolls by the little girls in our family aged 18 months to 5 years -RRB- . So I honestly hate to say , do not buy the Tidoo doll by Corolle . We bought this doll for my daughter when she was 2 because she loved her Calin doll so much and always wanted to take her in the bath . At first we were happy with Tidoo -LRB- even though her body was made out of icky plasticy material in order to make her water proof -RRB- , but then the transformation happened . After about 3 months , the white part of Tidoo 's eyes rusted , making her look demonic . My daughter was actually scared of her and refused to play with her . Since I had long since threw away the packaging material , I could n't send her back to Amazon . But I was distraught because this doll was over $ 50 so I contacted Corolle who replaced the doll for free -LRB- well , I did pay to ship the original doll back to Corolle -RRB- . Sadly , the exact same thing happened to the replacement Tidoo ... after about 3 months , her eyes also rusted . At that point I contacted Corolle and asked to exchange the Tidoo doll for a Calin doll -LRB- which I ended up giving to a friend having a baby girl as her baby shower gift -RRB- . Kudos to Corolle , as a company , for granting me this exchange , but they need to go back to the drawing board with this particular doll . Perhaps they should make a bath doll with eyes that do not open and close since this seems to be the issue as water gets trapped in the doll 's eyes , causing them to rust . If you want a bath doll , buy the bath doll by Little Mommy -LRB- also available on Amazon -RRB- which is under $ 20 , is super cute and while she has a hard plastic body , is perfect for play in the bath tub or swimming pool . My daughter has had the Little Mommy bath doll for 3 years and she is still in excellent condition.Little Mommy Scrub-A-Dub-Dub Doll
 I do n't normally write reviews for items , but I thought I needed to for this doll . Last Christmas I bought my daughter the Calin doll by Corolle , which she loved . I would give the Calin 5 stars . Unfortunately it was lost while were out shopping , and so I ordered the Tidoo as a replacement , thinking that we 'd get the added bonus of being able to play with it in the tub . When I received the doll I was very disappointed . The quality is much lower than the Calin , although they are close to the same price . The plastic that the head , arms , and legs is made from is almost squishy , and if you take it in bright light -LRB- like a bathroom or outside -RRB- it glows because you can see the light through the head . Also , the body is filled with little styrofoam beads instead of the beans used in the Calin . I ca n't imagine that the styrofoam would hold up and it also is not heavy enough to allow the doll to sit . The doll 's head is heavier than the body , so it falls over . Also , my daughter only played with it for about an hour , at which time the head became loose and could spin completely around.On the positive side , my daughter still loved the doll , and it had a very cute face and could suck its thumb or bottle , unlike the Calin which has front teeth . Also , the pajamas that the Tidoo came in were of a better quality than the pajamas that the Calin came in . I still decided to return it and buy another Calin instead because I think the quality is much better and the doll will last longer . The Tidoo is probably ok if it is just used for bath play , but as an everyday doll that is dragged around by a toddler it wo n't work .
 This is too small to be fun , educational or useful ! Buy a bigger version .
 The junior version of the Slinky is too light on the ends to walk down steps . It barely bends . Without the weight and flexibility of the larger original one made this junior sized slinky all but missing the fun of walking . -LRB- Of course unless the ones I bought are defeative then I 'm only complaining about the bads one I have now . -RRB- Update 12/20/2009
 A slinky is what a slinky is . My five year old had fun with it - while it lasted . By 12 hours it was all stretched out and by 48 hours it was a modern art sculpture . I 'm not really blaming it on anyone , but keep in mind that every young child I know destroys these things in a hurry .
 We bought two of these for out boys for Christmas and my husband and I were so excited to share and build memories with them based on our love as kids , did n't end up being the experience we hoped for . Within an hour of them being opened they both were totally destroyed :-LRB- . Cheaply made worthless product , save your nmoney .
 This toy is not much fun . The box boast about `` REAL LAZERS YOU CAN SEE '' !!!!! , But it is not true . You ca n't see the lasers , it is just 2 red cords with little hooks to clip them from one side of the base to another . the game is pontless , The Objective , bounce foam balls through imaginary lazers ! not much fun or much of a purpose . If you have that `` oh-so constant and unbearable urge to bounce stupid balls through a `` light '' you ca n't see '' you might as well just use a tennisball and a flashlight . P.S. , does TIGER ELECTRONICS come up with these stupid concepts , I mean how stupid are they , WHATS THE POINT OF THIS !
 I bought this for my 7 year old . It 's boring . There are no lazers either . My son played with it that day and has n't played with it since . Even if it 's cheap , do n't waste your money on it .
 After playing with Thinkfun Chocolate Fix Board game , I thought I would try some others . This one is boring compared to Chocolate Fix , the pieces are n't as easy to manipulate , does n't store as nice , cards are n't as easy to use . If I was buying just one , it would not be this . We have several games from Thinkfun and they are all well designed and fun .
 These blocks make you think that you can rotate each side to make the `` house '' say different phrase . Not true . It 's all the same regardless of which side you put it . I was hoping that when you see a side that has a `` SPOON '' or `` DIAPER '' etc , the toy will say it , not true . All it says are Mommy , Daddy , Baby.The blocks are not interesting to look at . I prefer Fisher Price 's Peek A Blocks . I do not think the written words are stimulating for a baby or toddler -LRB- unless you have an einstein baby that can read -RRB- . Size wise , I 'd say it 's a good size and easy to grip . Smaller than Fisher Price 's Peek A Blocks.The bottom half of the blocks are painted , and when chewed on -LRB- which all babies do -RRB- , the paint comes off . As for stability , the `` house '' can easily tip over.Another negative aspect of this toy is the drop down area where you can clearly see there is no `` floor '' to catch the block . If you put it on hardwood floor , beware that the block may dent your floor . Also a baby would put the block one after another , and after two blocks , you will find them stuck because the bottom block just stays there instead of sliding away making room for the second block . You have to sit next to your child and quickily remove the block so your child can drop another one in.This toy does provide some fun when a toddler drop the blocks down -LRB- so do most toddler toys out there -RRB- . Bottom line is , if you buy this toy , remember to spend time sitting next to your child to remove the blocks when it falls down , and to read to your child what the word says on the block . Oh , and I would also suggest that you hold the `` house '' to prevent tipping.If you are one of many parents that would prefer to have some free time yourself and let your child occupy himself/herself , may I suggest Fisher Price 's Roll A Round Gumball toy or Fisher Price Incrediblock ?
 I 'm a Leapfrog product fan , that 's why I purchased the Learning Town for my 12 month old . She does n't show any interest in the toy . I sat down and played with it , and was disappointed by the reactions/words -- or should I say lack of words these blocks say . After re-reading the description of the product , I realize it notes `` up to '' four responses per block.It does sing a cute song , but overall , we are not happy with it .
 The Learning Town is a real bummer . The blocks are fun for my seven month old to chew on , but that 's where the fun ends . It seems to be top heavy as well so it just falls over . Overall , this Happy Home is an akward toy with bad sounds and even worse songs . Not to mention the fact that some mommies go to work too rather than `` spending the day in the garden '' .
 Midge has ditched Alan and Ryan so she can go on a girls-only shopping spree with Nikki and the new baby . Why did n't they -LRB- Midge , Nikki and the baby -RRB- bring Alan and Ryan with them , like they did in the Hometown Fair giftset ? I think this is a mere example of teaching you that you should act sexist , like '' boys are too dumb to go grocery shopping . '' I disagree with that . In short , I DO NOT WANT THIS !! IT 'S TOO SEXIST !!
 This was absolutely not worth the price . The activities have been done before and better in other craft books and the science explanations are just plain worthless . As a teacher I found the ideas here marginal at best . The items provides were mostly paper and the explanations on how to use them very poorly done . I was totally disappointed with this kit . I could have made all the items for myself cheaper and with better quality . I would advise anyone not to bother purchasing any of the kits from this company .
 My daughter received this as a gift when she turned five . Do not buy this game unless you are willing to spend an hour putting it together and figuring out how to play it . And while you 're doing that , your child -LRB- ren -RRB- will be whining about it taking so long . I was doing okay until it came time to put the two stickers on the spinning wheel . The directions for this part were incredibly confusing , and the directions for how to play the game were about the same . I also could n't believe that I had to put stickers on the die -LRB- first time for everything ! -RRB- . That said , once we FINALLY figured it all out , my daughter loves it . I think it 's the `` secret '' aspect of the game she enjoys -- pick three things out of the box without peeking and look for your match to your princess w/o showing anyone else the card to win the game . Still , I had to rate this 2 stars for the poor construction of the game .
 My husband and I are both college educated and ca n't figure this game out for the life of us . Not only are the directions confusing but the game itself is cheap and flimsy . The only time we play it -LRB- which is very rare -RRB- is when we `` make up '' our own rules . Please do n't waste your money .
 I was anxious to get this game for my daughter for Christmas , as she loves all princess things . Unfortunately , the instructions were so confusing -LRB- do they even test these games ? with real people ? -RRB- , we quickly grew disenchanted with it , and tossed it . Quality is not top notch , and the instructions and actual game concept are poorly thought out .
 The whole game is very poor quality . The spinner is made of cheap plastic and comes apart when spun . You have to apply number stickers to the die . Instructions too confusing for the age group.Very Disappointed .
 My daughter -LRB- 5 years old -RRB- received this game for her birthday . The game looks cute ... but the instructions can be complicated and confusing . The spinning wheel is not sturdy , and when you spin it , it comes off the base -LRB- Disney should have put a center pin on the wheel to keep the spinner on it 's base -RRB- ... By the time you assemble all of the pieces and place everything on the board , there is hardly any room to roll the dice onto the board ! There is also a good chance that one player will only hit the spaces where they lose a turn . My daughter had it happen 5 TIMES IN A ROW -LRB- she and I finally got frustrated and put the game away -RRB- . Please save your money , skip this game , and look for something else .
 Cons : Game is overly complicated . Directions are not clear . I would describe the rules here , but i still have n't figured them out . I have played the game twice so far with my 4 year old daughter , and it was better for us to make up our own rules along the way versus following the actual game rules.Pros : My daughter is a Princess fanatic , and this is afterall a princess game . The pieces seem to be sturdy , and the game itself is colorful and pleasing to the eye . My daughter does n't seem to mind that we play the game not according to the original rules - she likes spinning the wheel and collecting the gifts.So . . despite it being the worse game I 've ever seen , my daughter does seems to like it , and is n't that what its all about ? so its tough for me to give it just one star - hence , the two star rating . Its just too bad ; i wish the game maker could have made the game simpler to play .
 I bought this game for my 5 year old daughter who loves the princesses . We live near the magic kingdom and own pretty much every Disney game there is . Most of the games are great but we were disappointed in this game . The instructions are not clear like most games her age . She loved how pretty the game is but I hated playing it with her . I actually gave it to Goodwill without her knowledge . I just found the game to be more aggrevating than fun !
 This game seemed like a terrific idea for my 5 year old daughter . She is absolutely crazy about the Disney Princesses . However , this game was not fun . It was infuriatingly slow for adults , and confusing for children . It was a waist of money and the time spent playing it .
 My daughter likes it , but only because she has an unusually high level of patience . Her friends refuse to play it after they tried unsuccesfullly to finish a game . 30 minutes into it and they were nowhere near even the middle of the game and that was with a set of friends who are quiet and calm . I would never pull this game out for some of her other more rambunctious friends.Please DO NOT by this game !
 We bought this game for our 5 year old daughter and will be returning it tomorrow . the directions are confusing - we ca n't even figure out how to play it . -LRB- and I have an MBA and he 's an engineer -RRB- !! We think we figured it out , but arent ' sure . not fun at all .
 This is a cute concept but poorly designed . The instructions are confusing ; we have to wing it on a few of the rules . The game board and spinner are flimsy . And the `` wishes '' consist of things like makeup , mirrors , and engagement rings , gag . There are plenty of better family games out there -- Cranium games , for example , are very reliable , fun , and well designed .
 My 3 yr old daughter recently received this game . I have to admit that the instructions confused me for a few minutes . I had to play it to understand completely . I also needed to provide my daughter with lots of direction in order to play . It 's not as simplistic as for example
 This game is not made well . The spinner in the middle is too loose and the pieces fall out . My 4 yr . old daughter loves the Disney Princess 's and I thought this game would be fun for her and it 's not much fun nor is it very challenging . I would n't recommend it .
 This is the worst children 's game I 've ever seen -- bar none . I am a few months away from completing a PhD and I ca n't understand/remember the confusing directions ... Can you imagine how frustrating it is for my 4 year-old and her friends ? The game is so complicated and so devoid of fun that we have never finished it , and whenever we play it , everyone ends up unhappy . And ditto what everyone writes about the cheapness of construction and the pain-in-the-butt set-up . I hope Disney pulls this from the market -- it 's so awful I am not even going to give it to Goodwill , I 'm just going to trash it .
 Although the story behind the game is well thought out , play testing of the game itself seems lacking . Due to the rules of the game , it is difficult to amass the requirements to move onto the final passage of the game . We found that we were spending round after round rolling the dice , unable to further ourselves in the game . We all had determined the hidden item , but could not progress further - either because of lack of treasure or financial requirements . The game has a `` trading mechanism '' , but there seemed to be little or no incentive . The first hour of the game was fun , collecting treasures and discoving the cards . The remainder of the game , over 3 hours , was bland . We were very disappointed with the game overall.If you plan on buying this game , it could be fun with altered rules . Our group -LRB- 4 adults -RRB- found that we were so unimpressed with the game that we were unwilling to invest our time in it again .
 I was really looking forward to receiving this game and was very disappointed once I got it . The pages and pages of rules and exceptions were not organized and were very confusing and complicated . I do n't mind taking the time to learn a new game , but entire topics were missing and we would have to make up many rules as we played . Too much emphasis on pictures , symbols and the ` story ' and not enough on the basics of a good game .
 I found wadjet to be rather irritating to play . There are just too many trivial tasks and writing that you need to perform for each turn . There is not much challenge or thinking involved in it -LRB- once you have read the incredibly detailed instructions -RRB- - just mindless repetition of tasks.In addition , if you try to play with 2 or 3 players then the logistics do not work very well and you end up with too many cards in the wrong plaaces .
 This bean bag cover is adorable , but it is basically filled with packaging peanuts . It is hard and uncomfortable and the `` beans '' squeak when pushed on . We ended up emptying the whole thing -LRB- and re-using the beans as packaging material -RRB- and spening an extra $ 50 to refill the cover with regular bean bag filling . Now it is great , buy do n't buy this for your child to snuggle with unless you are willing to spend extra on new filling !
 I read many good reviews about this game and bought it for my children , 6 , 8 . My 8 year old played once and found boring . I insisted to play another time , both of us did not like it . I found no point to let my 6 year old try it . I am sure she wo n't like it . I regret to have bought it .
 This item is deceptive I thought I was getting two lounger but it 's only one . I was not happy about that I could have gotten two for just a few dollars more !!
 As previously previewed , these last for a few days to weeks , but then will spring a leak and leave you bobbing in the pool like a apple at a state fair bobbing contest . One lasted several weeks , but eventually , it too sprang a leak . But they are good while they last ... which sounds a lot like my second marriage , but that 's another story .
 I revceived the 2 lounges I ordered very quickly . thank you . During the first day of use , I noticed that one had a slow leak . I did not return it since I had already disposed of the box . Check your mechandise first . I was floating with my friends when my lounged slowly descended into the depths of the water .
 Item just broke . Poor quality . Had only 3 weeks . Very disappointing . Had other intex products and found them to be better quality .
 I bought this float for my trip to aruba to lay in as i went around the lazy river . Within ten minutes there was a puncture . I used the piece of patch to repair it and within the next 20 min of use there was another puncture , aside from rubbing the wall of the pool there was nothing sharp in the pool so i would say that this float was made very cheaply .
 This would be great if it lasted . It was not poked or stabbed or squeezed . Just floating in the pool and within days it died . I read reviews that said this and disregarded it thinking something must have happened to deflate them . Apparently not though . We were very careful with this . At first thought it was wonderful . Comfortable and relaxing but only for a few days . Very frustrating to waste the money .
 came apart at the seams within 2 months . complete garbage . did n't last one summer before it came apart . complete waste of money .
 The GOOD
 came in with holes in 2 places right form the box . . :-LRB- and it was a gift so I can not return it . I was really hoping to use it !
 Fast service and delivery . Product not that good and very uncomfortable to Lay on in the pool . Does not hold air very long . So give it a 2 star rating
 I purchased two of these floats , and while one of them has been great , the other had a leak from the very first day we used it . Granted , they were n't terribly expensive . But , it would have been nice to use it at least once before it sprung a leak !
 I made sure to check the size for this before I bought it and at 63 inches -LRB- I 'm 64 inches -RRB- I figured it 'd be perfect -LRB- esp while sitting up -RRB- . It is NOT 63 inches . I measured it right before completing this review and it 's 55 inches only . So , yes , I can fit on it while sitting but my legs have to be bent . It also claims to be 33.5 inches wide and just now measuring it 's about 27 inches -LRB- when inflated -RRB- . The cup holder is completely non-functional . It 's low to the water -LRB- when you 're in it -RRB- and it fills with water , so there really is no point . That said , I did n't buy it because it had a cup holder , I just wanted something I could relax in . That it does . It 's so far been sturdy and I let my 4 yr old play on it and do n't worry that she 'll fall out -LRB- unless flipped by another child -RRB- . Hope this helps anyone out there who 's taller than I !
 I purchased this game for a neighbor because I have enjoyed my game for years . However , the quality of this game is not as good as my game . The paint on the numbers is easily scratched and not holding up . I have never had that problem with my older version of this game . It 's a shame that the quality has deteriorated from then to now .
 Numbers rub off after 3 hours of playing . Had to buy a deluxe one ! This one was a waste of money !
 I have always liked this game but the quality of this product was very poor . The tiles are about the size and as thin as a cheez it .
 One of the biggest problems with this game is the instructions . I have a lot of board games and this is worst than Monopoly 's . I still do n't know how to add up points and me and my wife read the directions a thousand times . You have to ASSSSUUUUME . Blah.The game play it 's self lags too because you have to TALLY . It 's pretty annoying having to write points down every 30 seconds.I would say this is one of the worst games I have ever played.Between horrible instructions and tallying this just ca n't be fun.Now the actual game is fun , not super fun but it 's fine . It 's just the other things get in the way.I would only suggest this to 1 . Anal Retentive people . 2 . People who love math . 3 . People who love Rummy and are out of things to do .
 Had friends over to the house -LRB- we are all seniors -RRB- . Enjoyed the game very much and there is strategy in playing the game .
 I could n't use the game because the colors are not distinct enough of each other , especially the blue . I had to give it away
 I was hoping for the large print tiles , and the numbers are even smaller than normal . Not worth the money .
 Much too flimsy ... tiles continuously fall off the holders ... child 8 years old became frustrated with it ... I would not order it again
 I rated it one star because i havent even recieved it yet . Where is it ? It has been over one month.Heather Reid
 This game is stimulating and can be played with two to four players . Your mind will work overtime to win .
 We used to play this game all the time when we were kids , and it was my favorite game . I was so disappointed when I got this newer version a couple years ago . They re-designed the tile rack so that your opponents can now see how many tiles you have left . The game is no longer fun or interesting . Boo to Rummikub ! : -LRB-
 You sent a previous returned item that was poorly taped up . Real nice for a child to open at christmas ... Verry poor business PRACTICES ...
 As a child I loved the Beyblade television series . It was only natural that I buy the toys as well . Once I got tired of playing with my Beyblade tops in a metal bowl , I purchased this arena for my Beyblade battles to take place in . There is nothing like spinning tops into a bowl to see will fall to the other . Beyblades were each uniquely designed to so that each on moved differently . This way you had a reason to collect more Beyblade tops.This product is n't that great however . It is made out of an extremely cheap plastic that you can actually rip apart . Spinning your Beyblades into it actually causes dents in it that will mess up your Beyblades during a match . These dents can actually cause your top to spin out of control and out of the arena . This could lead to your child being hit in the face with a Beyblade ; it happened to me.This product is fun while it lasts though . Even if you are an adult , you can see the appeal of spinning tops into a face off . There is the safety issue and the fact that it is so cheaply made that makes me give this product 2 stars overall .
 Thought this would be much better than it was . A plastic cup has better durability . Kids played it ONE time and then it was broken . Make your own .
 The bean bags are very small . The plastic target is not sturdy . The toy serves its purpose , but wo n't last long .
 Would not recommend this for an active drum circle . It survived only one drum circle event . Would have rather spent a few dollars more for a better made product as we drum regularly . Not recommended for young children .
 My husband and I bought this game for his parents for Christmas last year . The four of us love shows like `` Law and Order '' -LRB- us -RRB- and `` Jag '' -LRB- his parents -RRB- , so we were excited about the possibilities for this game . Unfortunately , it did n't live up to our expectations at all . First of all , many of the cases are from seventeenth century England . Although both American and English court systems are based upon common law , the point of the common law system is that is allows for cultural changes throughout time . All of us often felt the reasoning we had was probably what modern courts would have done , but these old court cases were very hard to determine . We ended up making our determinations less on legal reasoning and more on `` When was that case again ? Where ? `` Overall , we were very disappointed . While I suppose there may be an inherent educational value , those looking for an adult `` mind game '' should look elsewhere . As for us , we 'll all stick with the old classic Trivial Pursuit until we find something else .
 This game features synopsis of cases from around the world and asks you to state whether the judge found for or against one of the parties . Some of the cards mention which country the case took place in , some do n't . Some cards mention what year the case took place , some do n't . And the answers do n't explain why the judge found a certain way . So unless you are a legal trivia buff and know all laws in all countries in all periods of history , it just turns into a guessing game .
 Sorry to have to say it but this game was dull . The questions that were asked were interesting , I suppose , but as far as fun is concerned ... look elsewhere . It 's not a party game so my husband and I played it together and still thought it was boring . Great Concept but it did n't fly .
 I like this plane but I paid $ 29.00 why is this $ 355 here ? I really like this toy but I rated low stars on everything because it is OVERPRICED .
 I do n't know what 's with the price tag on this one . You can get it for about $ 14Pros
 I purchased this item on 4/27/06 . As of 6/30/06 the item still hase n't shipped . This is the worst service I have ever experienced and will hesitate to do business with Amazon.com in the future .
 No way , it was too hard to manage , none of us could stay on it . This is definitely not a child 's toy and would take a strong , very coordinated adult to use . It sat in my shed for most of a year and then I just got rid of it .
 I purchased this game to use in a Dementia unit.We have found the darts are hard to attach , they often bounce off or hit the metal and fall off.When I ordered this toy I had been looking for some time for a magnetic dart board but was unable to find one .
 The darts just do not stick in the dartboard . Whether you throw them hard , soft or with magic . This thing is junk and does not work . Save the twenty bucks .
 The game is fine if you do n't mind the fact the the game board is a cheap cardboard stand up . With the weight of the game pieces it sags horribly in the middle . Pay a little more and get one with a real game board
 The cardboard board folds , so does not lie flat . Thought having the lines would help my grandson understand how the checkers have to be moved to play , but so wobbly they just roll off the board . I threw it away . Do n't waste your money .
 game board is so flimsey that the very light weight game balls roll off . game board is missing printing on one of the home bases . Instructions are not written clearly . Grandchildren were very very disappointed .
 This set is cheap cheap cheap . The board is flimsy and had to be taped together when we got it and the marbles are light and not real marbles . The game is still great but it was very frustrating for my son since every time he touched the board they all moved . Ok who am I kidding it was frustrating for everyone involved !!!
 well , no where in the page said it 's a cardboard make . it 's really cheap and the center sank a bit because of the weight of the game piece , creating the slope . And hence the game pieces are easy to roll toward the center . Also , the plastic pieces just do n't stay quite well on the board . It 's lame .
 This game is very poor construction . It is made of flimsy cardboard . It is hard to even put the markers in place . We attempted to play one night and it was impossible for my kids age 10 and 8 to keep the markers in place.This was very over priced . I believe I pd $ 18 . I would not have even paid for this at a dollar store , with this flimsy material
 The material is cheap . The box is flimsy and the game board inside is even flimsier . The game board CAN NOT withstand any pressing and if you put the pieces just a little harder onto the board , the board will cave in .
 It is totally garbage . Only one color paper with several plastic ball . This is the worst game board I have seen .
 This toy barely made it 4 months . Granted , I knew they were going to grow out of it , but my twin nephews ran this thing into the ground . As boys will do , they were climbing all over this thing , and before too long the wheels were becoming bent , the decals were coming off , and the top was starting to dig into the two bars that hold it up.It was a lot of fun while it lasted , and long enough that they were bored of it before it really broke down , but in all I wish I had gone with something else that may have lasted longer .
 could n't find your '' let us know icon '' Your price for this toy on line is 59.99 at walmart.com it is 49.94 and at target.com it is 49.99 . Since I have always had great success with amazon/toysrus I would rather purchase this item through you , but this is a huge price difference . Especially when you have to add shipping costs . Thank you Erica Strahl .
 I am a home day care provider , I purchased the fire engine for 2 . I thought the kids would love it , but they were so frustrated by this toy !!! the left wheel would not turn properly , it just slides across the carport . they just love to push the siren , but after a few minutes of being able to play with only that , they just get out of it and go on to the next toy . Also I believe the toy is just to heavy , even for 3 year olds .
 I have had three of this item in the past 3 months and am not happy with any of them . I am returning the third one soon . Steering and wheels are not working correctly . Two children can tip it over also . I bought it for my grandchildren and the kids in my daycare center.A BIG disappointment for me and a BIG hassle to keep returning it to the factory.I have the Police car and the kids LOVE it and play with it every day.I have lots of climbers made by this same company and they have held up for years . 30 years experience in buying childrens toys .
 We purchased this for our daughter who saw one in a store that we could not get her out of it . Of course then when we bought it and got it home , the wheels do not turn easily ! Even with us having to push her around constantly in it , we have to keep bending over to straighten the wheels.A real waste of money . And very frustrating for her and us !
 We bought this for our 2 year old who loves these ride on toys . Unfortunately we had to return the item because the wheels do not turn without assistance and therefore the child and parent becomes very frustrated very quickly because it does not move around as it should .
 I loved the concept of the Fire Engine for Two until I received it . I bought it for my 2 sons for their carpeted playroom in the basement . One of their friends had an older model car for two and I loved it . The difference between the two models makes a huge difference if using it indoors . The older model had tread on the wheels which makes it easy to ride around in -- inside or outside . The newer version just has plastic wheels without tread so if you use it on carpet or grass , the wheels just slide sideways instead of roll . I called Step 2 to see if I could get the wheels replaced but they said there was nothing they could do . My son and his friends love getting into it but find that they ca n't really get any where and get frustrated .
 I really think the construction of this is very poor and when you go to install the roof supports the fasteners that they give you are the kind that once you install them they will never come out . I think the company should have dome some more thought into it . There are diifernt kinds of fasteners that are safe for the kids that can be removed like a nylon screw with a nut . Also the roof support does not sit flush in the hole so when you go and tap the bolt in the hole the pole will shift upwards and you can miss the hole . I even tried to contact the company through their e-mail and also tried to call and no one has called me back . This was a birthday gift that I now have to try to get the roof support secured so it is safe . I will never again buy a step 2 product based on this experience . Also the front wheels they are very hard to turn . I tried to move it with nobody in it and the wheels went where ever they wanted to go except the direction that I was heading .
 The toy arrived with scratch marks all over ... The box did not look like an original Sevi , Knock off ? I guess you get what you paid for ... very disappointing : -LRB-
 This is a darling product . My son thought it was great too -- until the cowboy 's head came off . When this happened , the string that makes the cowboy gallop on the horse disappeared and the toy was useless . It was a sad , sad Christmas present .
 The instructions to this plane are definelty not lego instructions . What a difference . My grandson gave up and made up his own design . Would never buy a product by this company again .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but this toy was SO bad , that I 'd like to save you the trouble and money . As others have noted , the diagrams are terrible & the pieces do not fit well together . What ends up happening is that while your working on the next step , the pieces from previous steps fall off , making it terribly frustrating . The educational value ? Patience and perseverance , but as I was building this with my 7yr old son , I also wanted to give up on it . Now its just a matter of principle getting through it . Get Lego brand , we 've never ran into these issues with their building sets .
 SAVE YOUR MONEY and do n't buy this produce . You are better off saving your money and buying Lego or Mega Blocks . The pieces work with Lego but it not the same quality control . I found pieces missing in the set and it pieces just did n't fit tightly like Lego . You would assemble the toy and it there were gaps between pieces and they pieces kept popping off . The plastic from the moulding process was not cut off all the pieces.Just overall impression it felt like a cheap rip-off of a quality product , Lego.If I could rate this a zero I would .
 I bought this for my 2yr old son who loves to help clean . The problem is that the broom comes in 2 pieces to form the pole that you hold on to when you sweep . Its not locked into place . So after about 3 sweeps with the broom , the pole/handle comes apart . After about the 3rd time , my son does n't want to be bothered anymore and frankly I do n't blame him . Good concept but until the can either ship it as one piece or have them lock in place I would n't waste my money .
 The broom handle does not stay on so it is not safe for children . Very disappointing and worthless purchase and I would like a refund for this inferior product
 This had a lot of decieving reviews . It does not look realistic at all , it just looks like a badly made toy . DO NOT BUY THIS !!!
 Small and looks fake . There was some rubber over the eyes I had to cut out . I bought it as a prank but couldnt use it . To fake for my liking .
 This mouse probably is n't but an inch wide & 2 inches long . It is really small . It does not look nothing like the picture.It is also darker in color , almost a brown color . Totally fake looking .
 I bought this due to the really good reviews . I was awfully disappointed when I received the actual product . I used it on my roommate who did n't even scream , but just asked what one earth was on her night stand . The second time I used it I got a scream that only caught the -LRB- failed -RRB- victim off guard for a mere millisecond . I highly recommend everyont not to buy this product if your intention is to scare people .
 i order this mouse to scare my friends but when i saw it !!!!!!! big shock not even for baby ; s @@@@ so do n't even think about it
 not many gon na fall this one ... it is obviously not real . . the synthetic rubber silicone is obvious but a little boy thought he could fool someone with it and he liked it because people pretended to be scared of the mouse . They were placating him they were not foolded .
 Realistic ? Not really . I did somehow manage to scare two coworkers , but they 're the two who always scream when there 's a mouse anyways . The coloring of the mouse is just a little too off . There 's too much pink .
 Because of the group I was going to be working with , I thought it would be a good idea to read through the questions first and pick out ones that were n't appropriate . I read every single question and was astounded by the mind-numbing repetition . The topics mostly revolve around
 I purchased this game to play with friends and family so we could get to know each other better and learn new things about each other . There is a possibility that this game will never come out again because the questions are very repetitive . Some of the questions are corny and just plain stupid -LRB- ex . Would you rather be called a. . . a. freak b. nerd -RRB- . Who cares !? There are multiple questions like these ... you be the judge . The deeper questions are somewhat interesting , that is until you see multiples of similar questions with a couple of details changed . Maybe I just had higher expectations of this game based on research done prior to purchasing . I would not spend this amount on this game again -LRB- maybe I would pay $ 10 ? -RRB- .
 Same basic questions over and over , this game will be spending most of its time in the closet .
 I do n't know what the manufacturers of this R/C were thinking , other than `` let 's sell a bunch of things that do n't work , and hope nobody finds us ... `` The problems : The battery well is too far forward , giving the plane a fwd C.G. -LRB- that means the plane nose dives every time -RRB- The horizontal stabilizer has the camber on the top -LRB- adding to the nose down problem -RRB- The structure is made of expanded styrofoam , which is fine until it hits something -LRB- the ground ? -RRB- , and then it snaps.The rudder servo does not have enough power to turn the rudder both ways.It is only a 2 channel radio -LRB- throttle and rudder -RRB- There is no landing gear -LRB- the box says `` steerable nose gear -RRB- Stay away from this junk !
 as the above guy says . . this one is heavy . . and it does need atleast three motors to run it . . it is so fragile . . and breaks very easily ... the first time i flew it . . it nose dived and broke the front part ... with a 10 ft fall ... i was so dis appointed with this product . . and this seller cheated saying that this could fly . . as an engineer . . i strongly say that given the power of this motor . . it would definetly not fly . . no matter from where you fly it ...
 My son waited two weeks to get this plane . What a disappointment . First attempt to fly it dropped like a rock . At a gentle toss , full throttle at about 5 feet it fell and the nose piece and part of the wing fell off . The only way this plane will fly is if you attached helium balloons to it . Save your money , do n't buy this ` airplane ' .
 I tried many times to get this piece of foam to fly . No matter what i did it hit the ground . Wish i would of had waited for someone else to buy and write a review first .
 WooooW . This is the worst decision I have made since I joined the Army on Aug 18 , 2001 . What a piece of garbage . The motor on this plane is so weak I doubt if it could lift a paper airplane of half this size . Nose dive , nose dive , nose dive , nose dive into the trash can .
 The only think is true on the box is `` the plane is simple to assemble `` The design has a big flaw
 This product is yet another rubbish product out of China . Cost is high and the quality of the product extremely low . Made of polystyrene that is flimsy , badly made and has little chance of flying 5 metres before plunging to the ground and disintegrating . It certainly does not do what it says on the box and indeed must contravene the Trade Discriptions Act . As well as the build the instructions are extremely poor . Having purchased it for my grandson to have it wrecked on its first flight left him very distressed.I would strongly advise that this product and any others of this type `` made in China '' should be avoided at all cost as you will just be thowing your money down the drain . Selling organisations should review the ethics of selling such complete rubbish .
 It flew better than the other reviewers did , about 100 feet before it hit something because the tail controls did n't work well enough . After that it nose dove a couple of times before the nose cone broke . Pushing the battery back did help a bit but the tail servo needs a longer throw .
 I wish I had read the reviews here before buying . Right out of the package nose cone was off and rudder needed extra tape to straighten , canopy latch not glued in right place had to modify . Like the other reviews first flight nose heavy went from 7 ft. right to the ground and popped nose off , little glue stuck back on next three attempts same thing but plane turned a little on 5th attempt and broke main wing almost all the way off -LRB- decal was holding it on -RRB- on right side and broke the tip as well . Glued and packaging tape worked well and decided to tape other side main wing and horizontal stabilizer . Next three attempts same thing with nose heavy and broke nose past the nose cone , more tape and attempt again only this time bent up the little elevator on the horizontal stabilizer and got it up for about 50 feet until I clipped a tree and broke vertical stabilizer . So after glue and tape again I thought I had it figured out but next attempt I launched a little to steep and came straight down on nose and smashed in pretty good , so you guessed it more glue and tape and a couple of pieces of foam to fill in the gaps and a piece under the nose cone to give the nose cone a little more clearance from the ground . Then I taped the elevator up so it could n't go down at all and on the next attempt we had SUCCESS , flew for a good 4-5 minutes and had a not so good landing but no more damage and the next 5 times I 've flown have been mostly successful and with a little head wind it likes to climb , got it up to about 20 feet . Too many nose heavy crashes in the beginning and even now with some not so good landings I 've had to glue the cockpit back to the fuselage . I have what looks to be the same model but 2 things mentioned in description that are not true is 1
 The people that got there even running did better than me mine never worked out of the box glad to see even if it didit would not fly.save your money get a better rc plane
 This thing looks cool ... but that 's about it ! As the previous previews say ... it does n't fly at all ... maybe if it had a stronger motor . . and landing wheels .
 The description of this product is incorrect . It states the slinky is 3.9 X 3-8 inches , when in fact it is 3 1/16 X 2 3/8 inches . The model number -LRB- 110 -RRB- is the same as one I purchased about 5 years ago , but the one I already have is 4 inches by 4 inches . I wanted the larger size , as that is what my grandson requested . It was very disappointing to receive something that was not as described on the website.Unhappy in Maryland
 The plastic Slinkys are a piece of junk compared to the metal ones , but the plastic ones are better for very young children .
 I bought these for my kiddos who are in kindergarten . Horrible product do n't waste your money !!!! The cubes wo n't even stay together !!!
 I bought for my 2.5 year old for Christmas . She loved it in the beginning but the cubics do not stay together the way it supposed to be , so she stopped playing . Now , it is in the garbage pile .
 I bought these hoping to teach my daughter multiplication . The cubes do n't stay together to do the work as you keep having to put them back together .
 It is good concept to learn math using little blocks . Unfortunately , it smells bad and my daughter started to cough right after she sits nearby this toy . She is not allergy to plastic that does n't smell . Unfortunately it is hard to find non-smell plastic . And plastic stuff are usually colorful and light and attractive to her . I do believe plastic toys can be made without bad smells . I recall a decade ago most plastic products have a mild smell that is not offensive . Now it is different . I paid $ 17 including S&H . Now that is a waste of money and a suffer bought for my daughter . She loves using her little hands to link little blocks . This is frustrating . I give one star to bad smelling toys . This one is not exceptional .
 IT is not very good value at all . IT broke in two days . I would suggest a different brand . IT S.T.I.N.K.S. !
 I actually thought I was getting a slinky ... the old fashioned metal kind . I buy them every year and we enjoy a Christmas day slinky race down the stairs . I actually got the slinky dog from Toy Story instead . I 'm not sure if I ordered wrong or it was sent wrong but I was disappointed . I did n't have time before Christmas to look into it so I wrapped it and gave it to my daughter anyhow . She was excited that it was a `` Toy Story '' toy as she loves the movie but it really has n't been played with once and no slinky races this year . : -LRB-
 Kids love the Slinky - no doubt - but it will break/tangle within a few hours of play . Every time . $ -LSB- ... -RSB- to a six year old is more than a week 's allowance at my house . Too much ...
 I have a dwarf rabbit who loved his old plastic Slinky Jr. . He does not like the metal one , and I am hesitant to let him play with metal toys to begin with , but for some odd reason , Amazon would not give me free shipping on a plastic Slinky Jr. , so I decided this would have to do . Regular sized Slinkys are too big and heavy for him . : -LRB-
 My son had a plastic slinky before this one . It did n't last very long . I got the metal one thinking that it would . I was mistaken . In a matter of weeks he had managed to get this so tangled up that we had to bin it . It was impossible to get it untangled . The toy has no apparent educational value and the novelty of watching it ` walk ' wears off after a few times . I would not purchase another slinky no matter how he bargains !
 Original toy . Slow to arrive . Item was 2.99 but shipping was 4.49 . What a rip off .
 I was so excited to get this for my kids but when it arrived excitement was short-lived . I do n't have large or long stairs nothing a slinky in my day would have had a problem with . This slinky was not up for the task . Two steps and done . Just some more junk I have to throw away .
 A torture device disguised as a toy . How would you like to spend all day playing on the stairwell ? Might as well go lick some dirty socks . I think my dog actually used to drag its bottom along the stairs to relieve a recurring rash . Hey , Ma , why does Slinky go down but not up ? Who 's the genius who found this at the scrapyard ? Most toys in the 1970s relied on mankind 's perverse craving for repetition and/or irritation .
 Diameter of coil is considerably smaller than the original Slinky . It didnt have as many coils on it as the original . It will not walk down stairs as advertised . It was cheaply made . I will never reccoment this product to a friend -LRB- or an enemy -RRB-
 Very very disappointed . I bought this toy for my granddaughter 's birthday thinking that she would get a kick out of seeing the slinky go down the stairs and it did not happen . What a dud . The slinky was not flexible . It was stiff , looks like it was cut in half and the color was a very dark metal color , was not at all like the slinky I remembered . The add was very misleading . To return the slinky for a refund will cost me more than what paid for it . Very disappointed .
 I purchased this slinky for my grandaughter , hoping it would be a close replica of the slinkies that I experienced in the 1960 's . Those slinkies were about 5 inches in diameter which gave them the capability to `` walk '' down stairs and other larger objects . This slinky has a much smaller diameter which limits how much that can be done with it . Advertising it as the `` original '' slinky is misleading in my opinion .
 When I think of an original slinky , I think of the one that was not the small one . This was so small that my grandchildren would never be able to use it . Plus , it would not go down the stairs as the `` original '' one did . I did not send it back because it would have cost more in return postage than the slinky cost . Make sure if you want the original one , you do not get the Jr. one as it is useless . It is going to be used as a white elephant gift at our annual family Christmas gathering .
 i remember when i young what fun it was to have the slinky walk down the steps . i 'm really not sure what else a slinky does . well the slinkies i bought my kids do not go down the steps . I 'm guessing they are not as long as they used to be so stair-walking is no longer possible . very disappointing .
 I had a Slinky when I was a kid many decades ago , and had lots of fun with it . So I ran across this Original Slinky on Amazon and decided to order one for my grandson who seems to like simple toys over the modern fancy electronic toys and gadgets . So the Slinky arrives and I open it and immediately notice it seems smaller than the one I had when I was 10 . Then I try to walk it down the stairs . But it wo n't go down ! No matter what I do , it just makes it down measly one step before it stops dead . What 's wrong ? Am I Slinky-challenged ? I notice the Slinky 's spring-iness just does n't feel right -LRB- feels tighter than I remember -RRB- . I 'm guessing the amount of spring has to be just right for it to work properly . So maybe I got a cheap knock-off ? I wish I knew what happened to my old Slinky - that one was perfect !
 This slinky is lots smaller that what we remember from having these as a kid.It will NOT go/walk down our stairs as the larger one would.I waster my $ $ on this item !!
 When it said `` original slinky '' , I assumed it would be full sized , but it was n't . It was too small to `` walk '' down the stairs . It could only do 2-3 steps at the most.It was handled by a pretty gentle 6 year old , but still tangled and stretched out within days.So if you are looking to recreate the `` stair-walking slinly '' , look for a bigger one .
 Sure did n't work like the ones in the popular commercial on TV . I will be putting it up on my TV antenna to see if it will boost my reception .
 This is not the original slinky we remember from our childhood . It does n't walk down stairs like the original . The metal is cheap too . As an adult , I 'm careful with things but within minutes of getting it out of the box , it was bent . The slinkys of the 1960 's -1970 's were much better . This one is n't any fun .
 This toy did not work at all , not even one step . My kids threw it in a corner on Christmas day . If I could give it no stars I would . Do n't buy it .
 The internal storage for the marbles on this is n't very well designed at all . The metal stoppers for the holes you put the marbles in are hard to pull out -LRB- I break my nails every time -RRB- . The marbles roll all over especially when taking them out or putting them away . Nine Men 's Morris is a fun game though , and sorta obscure and historical which I like .
 i did not like it the diretions were so silly that it made no sense at all .
 This is a $ 20 piece of junk . Easy to put together , but leaks all over during use . Can not be used during a breezy day . Overall disappointment . I bought this for my 2 sons spiderman birthday party . I tried it out the day before and it was leaking water from everywhere . You would have to spend the time putting plumbers putty everywhere to make it work right . The idea is cool , but the product is cheaply made . The smallest breeze tips it and bends it , making the leaking worse . I do not reccomend this .
 The toy looks good , is easy to assemble and seems to be holding up well . The hitch is that lil kids have trouble hitting the targets so quickly lose interest in it . It 's just not that much fun .
 To me ... it 's reminds me of chess . ALOT of stradegy . Alot of what does what . You have to be about brainy games . This is not a parchisi or even a memory game . Relax ... NOT ... but if if you want a real challenge thewn this will test even yourself . If you love the thought with chess then I would love to see your reviews since I am not a chess fan . I thought it was very different .
 I was disappointed with this item . I thought it would be better and more fun than it is . Hard to learn and not very entertaining . Plays slow . Sort of like Risk .
 The airplane looks cute but is extremely heavy and my 2yr old has trouble operating it . The parental remote control does not work at all therefore we can not use this product until he gets old enough to operate it on his own .
 The racket does n't produce much spin or speed . It is good if you are just learning and need lots of control . But if you have been playing for some time , you 'll need something better to improve your game .
 This paddle is way too light , too thin and the grib is too narrow . No power . Do n't recomand for anyone . Not even for beginners . Was totally disappointed . Ca n't believe it 's from butterfly company . Going to pass it along to my kids .
 This paddle has an alright deck , but the rubber on this racket is horrible , the rubber has a 3/10 spin rating in my opinion . There are many other itemsfrom Butterfly which are much better . Dont waist your money on this one
 I thought that this game was going to challenge me intellectually . Instead , I got a game that gave definitions for words as simple as ` honey '' . I was looking for something that asked questions directly related to events and people in the bible . This game has very FEW of those types of questions . I am dissatisfied with this purchase .
 I know that my title is rather strong but any game that purports to be a Christian game . I 'm very picky about my BIble games . Here is my criteria :1 . First and foremost , must be biblically based . I can find all the answers from the Bible .2 . Is fun ! 3 . Is great for any level of adults -LRB- not including seminary students of coarse -RRB- 4 . Easy instructions5 . I will learn somethingTribond failed in all these areas and was truly boring . You can overlook a lot but when you pay good money to be entertained and you are n't , you feel like you 've wasted good money ... . and time .
 The spin & speed not worth the price marking . A $ 20 paddle could have provide similar performance .
 I bought this racket at 3/11 and Delivery estimate is 3/17 - 3/22 but I did n't receive it even today is 3/30 . I complained several times but It really does n't work . I can do just waiting .
 I returned them -LRB- got two for my twin daughters -RRB- the following day . You ca n't see your drawings clearly . I 've got Doodle Pro ones instead and they 're great . They 've been using them for a year and they 're still neat . It 's my first gift to every child I know now ! Just get the Basic Doodle Pro by Fisher-Price instead .
 Hello , This was purchased for my youngest sister . She loves Dora . When she uses the shapes that come included and the pen to make the picture they come out nice . However when you erase the picture it take moving the eraser -LRB- which can be tough -RRB- back and forth 3 to 5 times to eraser the picture only 50 % . You can still see the images on the board although the pictures are n't as dark as when first done you can still see the picture . I have noticed as well if you write a message -LRB- ie . Your child 's name -RRB- the letters do n't erase well at all . It is very time consuming to remove the images and messages from the board . Overall the product is a waste and not a very good Dora product .
 Maybe these markers would be of interest to children older than preschool or kindergarten -- but our grandson -LRB- and we , his grandparents -RRB- found these markers to be very frustrating and ultimately boring ; unable to maintain interest long enough for the colors to appear ! It was actually painful to watch our grandson have to wait for the color every time he used a marker . Maybe older children would find this novel and interesting , but I suspect the novelty would soon wear off for them too . Our grandson very quickly went back to his regular non-toxic markers and crayons to use on the `` Cars '' special coloring book that came with it . It was expensive and a waste of money . I ca n't recommend this for anyone of any age .
 The description and picture shows Cars -LRB- 1 -RRB- , not Cars 2 . We received the Cars 2 version , which we already owned . So we returned it for a refund and ordered the correct one from another seller on Amazon .
 I got this for my son , since he loves the Cars movie . Pretty disappointed in the fact it 's a bunch of ricer cars , and a few of lightning McQueen . No other characters from the movie are featured !
 Packaging looks nice but after opening , the `` laptop '' part gets set aside and never looked at again , you are better off opting to buy markers , paper , etc separately - much better value . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 We got this for our son for Christmas and it fell apart the same day . It falls apart when you try to close it and the plastic thing that the markers are supposed to go in are too much for small kids to deal with . Would be much more economical and practical to just buy crayons , paper , etc. .
 I ordered the Toddlerz Push Toy Corn Popper for a friend of mine whose daughter is turning one . I thought it would make a fun birthday present for the little girl . When I finally received it , I was disapointed to discover that the wheels did n't turn when pushed along the floor , so therefore , there was no corn `` popping '' . Even when I tried to turn the wheels it was stiff , and I found that the wheels were misaligned . I think I 'll find something else to send her .
 I would say buy this in the store so you can test it before buying it . I have to push down very hard to get it to pop at all . So it doesnt really work for the 1 year old it was purchased for . Very upsetting
 I purchased 2 of these toys for twins but was very disappointed in them . Sometimes they worked in a forward motion and sometimes only when rolled backwards and they did need pressure put on them for the balls to pop . Definately not for the under 2 year olds . If an adult was working it then it was enjoyed but otherwise there was no interest .
 I thought this would be an old classic toy my daughter could play with . . well , it was n't very impressive ! The wheels are so hard to turn that it does n't ` pop ' when she pushes it !
 I bought this toy as a gift for a one year old birthday party . The toy itself is one that most children seem to love . Unfortunately it was sold as `` new '' and was actually `` used '' . The plastic that holds the balls was gouged as if a child ran it into something and the wheels were scratched from using it on the floor . I was so busy before the party , I did n't take a good look at it until I put it in a gift bag just before I walked out the door ! I was so embarrassed to say the least . I explained to the mom the situation but her son loved the toy , so she just kept it as is . This made me never want to buy a gift online again ... at least at the last minute !
 i can not get this thing to pop even once . very disappointing , i was excited but it doesnt work at all
 Based on the fantastic reviews of this product I thought it was going to be a great hit . Wrong ... the twins are terrified of this toy . They would literally startle/jump when they hear the popping noise . They have so far refused to have anything to do with it . They are n't typically timid or noise sensitive in most situations . The popping sound is very loud and sudden , so I can see how it can be anxiety provoking for a 1 year old unless it is used in a place with high background noise . Luckily it is a cheap item so I will hold on to it in hopes that it will make a good gift for another child some day . I will probably try to reintroduce this toy again in a few months , but seriously ... The only thing they are more frightened of is the vacuum cleaner .
 I bought this for my 10 month old . He walks very well on his own already . He was excited when he heard the popping noise as I pushed it around and showed him how it works but for some reason he ca n't maneuver this toy by himself very well . Even at 11 months he 's not able to do it although he walks perfectly on his own . I think it 's because the handle is so narrow and the toy is light weight . Also on hardwood floors the wheels do n't grip so it does n't pop but rather just drags across the floor . I would take this back to the store if i could .
 I bought this for my 16 month old son -- because it is a classic . I bought a similar toy for my nephew a few years ago and he loved it - made my sister nuts with it . But - unfortunately - this has been a bust . My son LOVED it and immediately started pushing it wildly around the house . But - no popping sound . I thought maybe he just was n't putting enough pressure on it -LRB- which would have been annoying since he is 16 months old and this is supposedly for toddlers -RRB- but that was not the issue . I could n't get the balls to `` pop '' either . If I used it on one rug of our house - the wheels rolled and the balls popped . But , on most rugs and on all of our hardwood floors -LRB- 90 % of our house -RRB- , the wheels do n't roll . The toy just glides across the floors , but with no rolling motion , the balls do n't `` pop '' . Needless to say , I will be returning . I definitely do n't recommend if you have hardwood or tile floors in your play area -- the toy wo n't work , you 'll be annoyed , and your child will be frustrated !
 I received this as a gift in July 2012 . The corn popper that is currently for sale is very poorly made . The wheels DO NOT ROLL , on either carpet or on hardwood . I have a hard time making it pop when I am pushing it myself , exerting considerable downward force.My one year-old daughter is a great walker but could never get this going . She carries it around with her sometime , but I do n't even think she understands what it is supposed to do.Additionally , the older models used to have a switch on the underside that could turn off the `` popping . '' This switch is gone . When I called my Mom to complain that ours did n't work , she told me to check to make sure it was in the `` on '' position . When I let her know that no such switch existed she could n't believe how much Fisher Price has cut corners to wreck a toy that used to be such a crowd-pleaser . Do n't buy this unless you find an old used one at a tag sale .
 I bought the Fisher-Price Corn popper for my grandson . The wheels are too tight and do not turn making the toy useless so I never gave it to him .
 Sure , this is cute for about five minutes , then the sound becomes nerve wracking . It go to the point in our house that , if you wanted to aggravate someone , one pop was all it took . Seriously , we all remember this from our childhood , but we do n't recall our parents ' anguish . The push chime `` mower '' is SO much better , really .
 For the most part , this toy just sits in the corner of my kids play room collecting dust . My daughter received this as a gift for her first birthday . She is now three . She has played with it maybe a dozen times in all that time .
 This item came from amazaon through Toys r us -- it looked used -- it was dirty and it hardly pops ... a big disappointment for my little one .
 This toy was the one toy that I never wanted to buy for my son , so it was given to him by his Aunt as a joke on me . But I let him have it anyway . But he got bored with it very fast , so he found a new use for it , he would swing it around like a baseball bat . I knew there was a reason why I never wanted to buy him this toy , besides it being very annoying and loud , it has no educational value and now I have found out that it can be dangerous !!
 We got the popper that counts to 10 , as a gift for our now , 3 year old . She did n't use it that much , but the counting was annoying and then stopped completely -LRB- not a bad thing -RRB- . Sometimes the popper part worked and sometimes it did n't . It was really frustrating , so we put it in the trash.I wo n't be getting one for our second daughter .
 My brother got this toy one year when he was 5 and I was 8 . It was so annoying , I grabbed it away from him one day and proceeded to bash him repeatedly on the head until my Mother took me over her lap and proceeded to give me a good old fashioned spanking . My brother was ok aside from some bruises and an intense fear of popping sounds . To this day you can NOT pop Popcorn around him without setting off a panic attack .
 My parents sent this for my daughter and we were so disappointed when it would n't pop . My husband and I both messed with it and it wo n't pop on carpet or hard floors unless you put almost all your weight on it while pushing it . So this makes it impossible for a toddler to get it to pop . So sad .
 There is virtually no clearance for the wheels to turn . It just skids across the floor and never pops . To add insult to injury , the axle was slightly bent which further prevented the wheels from turning and activating the popper . I hope I can find a used classic version of this when it was built out of more sturdy materials . This newer model is nothing but plastic garbage .
 Super light - all plastic of course . Sometimes the wheels do n't turn on our hardwood floors which mean the corn does n't pop.Does not arrive in retail box . Open the shipping box and there it is.Think twice - it 's noisy . We do n't let him have it every day . : -RRB-
 My father sent this -LRB- along with other toys -RRB- to my daughter for her 1st birthday . This toy that he bought off of Amazon.com was USED , even though he bought a new one . It was placed in an ill fitted box , with no sticker , tag etc. . . the plastic dome was all scratched up and the wheels were dirty.The toy itself would have been great if it was n't used and dirty.EDIT
 HORRIBLE !!!!!!!!!! Beware of this `` sale '' item folks . What I received looked like a garage sale item I could have purchased for a quarter . The shipping box was way to big for this itme and it arrived half open . The item was not covered in plastic or anything else to protect it so it arrived scratched and dirty . These poppers are notourious for ending up looking scratched on the clear plastic cover , but only after lots of use . Well mine looks like it 's been used for years . The handle was scratched and sticky as well . So sad since I 'm supposed to give this as a gift . HORRIBLE !!!!!!!
 Fisher-Price Brilliant Basics Corn Popper Push Toy - Is a great toy but arrived broken . I asked for a return on this item more than 10 days ago and have not yet a return form .
 My son is 15 months old.He played with it for about 7 mins.Yup - he loved it for 7 mins.Then , it got totally boring for him and he put it down.Now it 's an ugly thing in our family room ... : -LRB-
 I bought this after seeing at a friends place . This is a old piece that was shipped out . I can see lot of dirt and the wheels would n't move properly . I guess it is the fault of the distributor . Planning to return it.-Sri
 No box , looks like it has been used . I wanted a new toy for my gf 's nephew and now I have to go to the store and get one . Bad experience buying from Amazon on this - stay away !
 Amazon send me a used item . This item did not come with the original package . They send me just the toy.Not in the original factory packingDo n't buy this toy from Amazon . I am sending this back to Amazon
 This product arrived quickly and when I opened it the package/cardboard label was all torn . The item itself is scratched all over the dome . In particular it has two very deep scratches . I am beyond upset with this product . I 'm sure it would be fabulous if it was n't ruined
 Bought this toy as a gift for my sister 's little one ... It came : - loose in an over-sized box - cardboard `` Fisher Price '' tag was scotch taped around the handle haphazardly - black scuff marks and scratches on the handle - scratches on the plastic dome - wrinkles in the sticker decoration that runs down the handleWay to fail Amazon . Disappointed .
 No me gusto que el juguete vino rayado , con golpes en la circunferencia plastica transparente , como si hubiese sido usado o hubiese estado en exhibicion en la tienda .
 I bought this for my grandson for his 5th birthday . It 's very flimsy , and the paper holder is too small for standard 8.5 x 11 paper and the marker board it comes with . When you open it , it 's too big for a little kid 's lap , and the opened part on top tips away so it does n't stay flat on the lap . It is a good idea with the storage inside , but not designed well . I do n't think I will keep it . I do n't want to frustrate my grandson . On the plus side , shipping was fast .
 This is one of the biggest pieces of junk I 've ever seen . I bought this for my son for Christmas , and he ca n't even use it because it falls apart any time you open it . I 'm very disappointed in it because it looked perfect
 This toy is a good concept , however , it falls apart constantly , making the toy utterly useless . I DO NOT recommend to anyone
 My daughter received this for her 10th birthday . Talk about a piece of plastic junk ! It broke within minutes of opening it . It can be put together ... but every time the child opens it ??? What a headache !!! And it 's not easy to put it back together . The first time my daughter opened the pink marker it exploded all over her hands . The only worth this set has is the crayons which you can purchase at any store for under $ 1 . BIG waste of money !!!
 Do n't waste your money on this sad thing . It broke the first day so I could n't even put it back together , I just threw it in the trash .
 Luckily I bought this for only $ 3 . If I would have spent any more money I would have been throughly disappointed . Product is very cheaply made . The amount of items it says it includes , some are only individual pieces of white paper . Case is only convenient for storing items ... when open , the case tips over .
 It is pretty darn obvious that the review below that is supposedly from a child -LRB- `` Kid 's Review '' -RRB- is not written by a child . Give me a break . I give kids a lot of credit , but how can one be that articulate ? Obviously it is from someone who had a hand in designing or selling this product and is trying to promote it . It 's chintzy ! Get over it !
 I bought this toy for my daughter for Christmas thinking it would be easier on the ears than the popper . Haha . Its cute and she liked it but after playing with it maybe two days , the chime stopped working . It only worked some here and there . Her daycare has them as well and when I asked them how theirs are working , I was told they do n't work all the time either . Instead of exchangin mine , I just returned for a refiund . It was n't worth it to `` see if the next one will work '' .
 11 mos old received as Christmas present . Now at almost 14 mos she still ca n't figure it out and gets frustrated when it falls out of her hands or she pushes it over too far . It came with a dent in the metal chime cylinder -LRB- we have a different pattern -RRB- . I plan on adding it to the garage sale pile .
 This toy showed up DIRTY and looked used . I ordered it as a gift for my granddaughter for Easter.It costs as much to send it back as it did to buy it so I 'm just screwed there . I will NOT use this seller again .
 The cord between the receiver and the set is way too short ! And the eyes only move when u move the toy backwards , not forward . What a waste of money !
 This toy was kinda frustrating for my 17 month old . The phone cord was too short and the pull string was short as well . Maybe the pull string needs to be made of a thicker rope as opposed to the thin rope . She did like the rotary style dialing .
 I was excited when I first bought this toy for my little one , because I had one when I was a child . I 'll say one thing about it , it 's cute and it looks like the old one , and it 's durable . Most Fisher Price toys can withstand alot of abuse . But it 's not as playable as the old one.First of all , the original was made of wood of course , and this one is plastic , but no problem with that , just thought I would mention that to anyone who thought it was exactly like the old one.The reason it 's awkward for children to play with is because the reciever cord is very very short . The child will practically have to hold the whole phone up to his ear.Whoever said that their child had the coiled cord wrapped around their neck was either lying trying for a lawsuit , or they had an actual older version . There is no way the coiled cord is going to wrap around anyone 's neck unless it was a Barbie doll 's neck . I 'm assuming they shortened it for safety reasons . Okay , I understand that , but they left the pull cord long on it . A child could strangle themselves with the pull cord just as well as they could the reciever cord if it was long enough . So why shorten one for safety reasons but leave the other long ? That is just stupid . My 1 year old wo n't play with this , because he wo n't pick up the whole phone to put the reciever to his ear . He gets frustrated with it . So really the only purpose it served was to bring back a childhood memory for me . I will probably wind up cutting the stupid 3 inch cord off of the darn thing so my baby can hold the reciever the right way.So I only recommend this for someone who likes replicas of their childhood toys , or for someone who just likes cute toys to display on a shelf in their child 's room . But I do n't recommend it as a toy to play with .
 With all the neat play phones on the market , this toy could only hold the interest of the 1 year old crowd , if that . And you ca n't even drag it around like when I was a child , because for safety , the strings are too short .
 Sure this phone is a very cute little phone . It has pretty colors , and kept my young child busy for a couple of hours . Lets get down to the real business folks ... this phone rang off its hook about a month into owning it . As strange as this may seem ... it scared us silly at night for a week straight ! I literally threw it against a wall on the 3rd night , but that did n't stop it from ringing the following night . -LRB- This is why I gave this toy 5 stars in the durability section . -RRB- I would not recommend purchasing this toy for yourself , but perhaps for someone you wish to scare the silly out of !
 The phone cord on this toy is ridiculously short . I understand a long cord may be a hazard but my 14 month old ca n't even lift it to her ear without picking the whole thing up . Do n't waste your money .
 Not only is it smaller than the original , the string holding the receiver to the phone is about 8 &#34; so it 's virtually I , possible to hold it to your ear . Plus the string to pull I had to put aLarge button on to pull as it kept falling between my grandsons fingers
 A little disappointed . The toy seems old and there is nick on the phone , not like a new buy one at all . The cord for the telephone is so short that my baby has to pick up the entire toy to `` make a call '' .
 I agree with previous reviewers - the cord on the phone is very short -LRB- probably 3 or 4 inches long -RRB- so that when the child puts the phone to their ear , they have to lift the entire phone.It 's cute to look at but not exactly functional or purposeful .
 The dilemma with this phone is that the cord that attaches the handset to the phone is only about 6 inches long . In order to answer the phone/lift the handset you have to pick-up the entire phone and move it very close to your face.I can guess that the cord is short for safety reasons . And I applaud that . But it negates the enjoyment of the toy .
 I thought this was a great toy until I seen my almost 2yr old wrap the entire string around her little neck . I was worried about her harming herself and took it away . She can play with when she is old enough to understand the phone goes to your ear and not around your neck .
 It looks like an old one . The phone line is a little bit shot . Nothing special about this toy , my son nearly 1 year old , and he seems much more interesting in home phone rather than this one ~ ~ ~
 I was sent the wrong doll and was very disappointed . I contacted the seller and he became verbally abusive , he called me several times yelling and acting crazy . He was upset because I gave him a poor score in my review of the service I received from him.BEWARE HE IS NUTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The doll pictured when I purchase the item was of an awesome looking mohawked little guy with `` no future '' , instead I received a girl doll in a pink tutu , pink butterfly wings , & red rings around her eyes - not what I was expecting at all ! Thus , I was not happy too . This would be a fine doll if it was the one pictured & you expected ... the doll did arrive promptly & in original packaging that was in good shape .
 This is a good product , only thing is that it 's a miniature version of the real game . For a few more dollars I got a full size board and stones .
 Confusing , confusing , confusing . Needing a book to explain a &#34; simple &#34; game should have been my first clue that buying this game was a mistake . We read , and then re-read the book and were too confused to even start playing this game . It is being donated to Goodwill
 The stones on this game are too small ... as is the board . The stones are difficult to hold and place ... and as a musician , I have decent fine motor coordination . I was disappointed
 It was a gift . It sounded great . I wish I kept the box so I could return it . It gives different music arrangements . and the remote is a catchy idea but what for ? If they ` refalling asleep the music needs to be very low to be soothing , if they play wiit a bit louder . So , you have to go in the room anyway . My 9 mo. old bangs his hands on it tuning rock-a-bye-baby on and off 50 times , so annoying . It 's durability is it 's best feature . Want music in your childs room ? Put a CD on continuous play . Want the educational purposes , give him a busy box . Save your $ $ $ $
 One thing you might want to keep in mind ... How sensitive are your child 's senses ? My son loved this toy when we first showed it to him at 3 months of age . He liked the music and lights , for about 10 minutes . After that , he was completely bored . Then , one night as he rolled around , he hit the button that starts it , and we could n't get him to stop crying for about 5 minutes . When the music plays , the lights also go . His cozy , peaceful crib was transformed into a noisy place with lights flashing at him . Yikes ! Also , at 6 months old , he broke it . Did n't seem that durable to me ...
 This is a preety good game but after a while , it is very boring . i enjoyed it for about 2 months but now i am not intrested in it .
 I bought this for my 6 yr . old and the CD player was her favorite part of the toy . However , she said that if she tried to walk with the CD playing or listen to it while we were in the car , it would constantly stop playing . I 'm going to buy her a better quality CD player that wo n't skip or stop playing when it 's moved .
 Good idea but weak durability . . after 1st session of squirting , no water would pump through and therefore no more squirting !!
 Have tried several times but ca n't get it to work . Will try again but so far have been unsuccessful . : -LRB-
 I thought this was a cute idea . Perhaps my baby is too young for this toy at 9 months , but she showed no interest in this toy whatsoever . After 2 weeks of ignoring this toy , I returned it to the store . The car on top never stayed there , it seemed to fall off the top way too easily . These seem cheap and are hollowed out cars that do not roll well at all when compared to the other Fisher Price cars for babies . The paint comes off easily , which seems very dangerous for babies , who put everything into there mouths ! I can not recommend this toy .
 What good is a car that does n't roll ? The wheels do n't roll well , so my boy has moved on to cars that actually go ...
 The cars are hollow and thus too light for my 10-month old to roll properly-they just flip over . I would go with something heavier that handles better around curves .
 Fisher Price Should be ashamed of itself ! This is a toddler toy and everyone knows that toddlers put toys in their mouths . There 's a white roller thing on the top of the number 2 car -LRB- all the cars have something different to play with on the top of them -RRB- . Unfortunately , the top part of the blue car is white because it 's painted . I found my 11 month old baby had white paint chips all over her mouth after sucking on the top of this car ! Yuck ! Also , these cars have stickers on them . You can forget about putting these cars in the dishwasher if you want the stickers to remain on them . The concept of these cars is brilliant . They stack . They come in different colors . Each one has a number on it . They roll . It 's too bad that children can eat the paint off them . I consider that to be a serious problem with this toy .
 Neither of my boys , ages 3 and 1 , take any interest in this toy at all . I bring it out and show them the different things it can do and they still do n't find it interesting . It could be an educational toy if you can get your kids interested in playing with it . I tought my boys would be because they love cars . As far as being durable it has n't broken yet , but that could also be because it has not been played with .
 I bought these cars for my nine month old thinking she 'd like to roll the cars along the floor and nest them inside each other . She only liked the smallest car -LRB- and for only a couple of minutes -RRB- which was easiest for her to pick up and rattles , unlike the other vehicles . She has n't looked at them since the day I bought them so they have been given to her grandmother in hopes that she 'll find them more interesting later on . The vehicles do n't do anything besides roll IF you push them -LRB- they wo n't roll on carpet if you do n't continue to hold onto them and push -RRB- . The idea behind this toy is good but I did n't think they were very fun either so I ca n't recommend this toy . I think the box for this toy said six or nine months and up , but I think perhaps it is a better toy for older toddlers , not babies .
 I thought it was an neat ideal but my grand kids were n't impress with it . I guess you have to be in your 50 's to think it was neat .
 The cars stack but tenuously enough that the slightest bump knocks them over . Worse still , the wheels do not spin well so that the cars do not go nearly as fast as a hot wheels or even one of the `` little people '' cars .
 This was a Christmas gift when my son was 9 months old . Still , at 19 months he has no interest in these cars . I thought he would love them since he loves stacking & nesting blocks . Boy was I wrong !
 I purchased this item for my boys ' birthday party . My boys and their friends absolutely loved it and had so much fun . But within a few hours , the boogie board had a hole in it . The tubing around the pool area also has a small leak . Sometimes the slide and pool come apart if my kids went down too `` hard . '' One more negative is my 2 1/2 year old is n't quite big enough to jump up to the height of the slide . He just needs to grow a little but he still had fun with it . If the product could be made out of a more durable plastic then it would be so worth the money .
 I want to warn everyone , this product is crap !!! I bought this for my 9 year old daughter for her Birthday , she was so excited , it looked great when it was setup and within an hour of her using it and I mean going down the slide maybe a dozen times , the pool started losing air from a whole somewhere . My daughter weighs maybe 58 lbs , this item should be able to hold children ... TAKE THIS PRODUCT OFF THE MARKET , ITS A WASTE OF MONEY !!! I ONLY WISH I READ THE REVIEWS BEFORE I PURCHASED THIS ITEM !!!!
 This is a terrible product . I highly recommend that you stop selling it . I have returned the item and I hope to be receiving a credit shortly.It does not work as the picture shows and the two pieces separate constantly making it a safety issue . The material is lacking in quality .
 The kids have fun as top of the slide is approx . 2-3 ft high so they can run and jump onto it BUT ... the slide is a separate piece from the pool so it is almost impossible to keep the two hooked together which means -LRB- a -RRB- a parent is constanty pushing the two parts close together so the kids do n't go head first on the ground in between the two parts and -LRB- b -RRB- all of the wather that squirts out of the slide runs down the slide and onto the grass instead of into the pool as the connection between the two is so poor .
 I bought this for my 6 and 8 year old boys . For the first use it was great . We 've used it 4 different times and we 've head a new seam puncture after each use . Patching the seams bandaids the problem for that use , but it continues to deflate . It 's a fun product but due to the poor durability it will not last for next year .
 Set up was easy but you do need an air pump because blowing this up by mouth is not very smart -LRB- too big ! -RRB- . I will give my pro 's & con 's : Pro 's : * Kids love it . The simple action of running sliding and splashing in a pool is pure fun . Hours of fun . * Set up is easy . * Price of the product wo n't break the bank.Con 's : * Why oh why would the designers put the hose attachment on the top side of the slide ? The hose pulls the slide to one side . Dumb ! Every few minutes I would have to reposition the slide to ensure it was n't tilting to one side . The kids would slide off of it and hit the ground . They could 've constructed it where the hose is at the bottom & the water flows up and sprays out the top of the slide . * The water that suppose to flow from the slide into the pool ends up in the grass . The flap that attaches the slide to the pool is n't constructed properly . The pool never gets filled . I had to put a separate hose in the pool to keep it filled because as the kids slide into the pool they splash the water out.In the grand scheme of things , the slide is fun but for the parent it is a headache . I always watch the kids while they are playing with any type of water outdoor toy but I had to be extra vigilant because of the design.In the end , I brought it back to the store .
 I bought this for my kids and it was TERRIBLE !! I set it up . . and the first time they tried to go down it , it tipped right over on my 3 year old . You have to stand and hold it as each kid goes down . The sprinkler hardly works so the slide doesnt get very wet , which makes for no fun !!! Havent used it again . . they would rather jump through a sprinkler then try this again . DOnt waste your money . When the company contated me they said I could return it . . but I had to pay for SHIPPING !!! Just dont do it !!
 The idea of this slide is awesome ! Even the pool alone is nice . But everytime my daughter tries to use the slide it tips to the left and she goes off the side before making it to the pool . It 's in no way dangerous ... but the slide is not sturdy at all ! We had to prop two lawn chairs on either side of the slide to keep it from leaning to the side . Once we did that the kids had a blast ... but clearly too much work for something that should be more simple ! Great idea though ! My daughter still loves the pool : - -RRB-
 I bought this for my 6 and 3 year old children . They loved it but it only lasted 2 uses -LRB- about a 1/2 hour each time -RRB- before it developed a gaping hole along the plastic seem of the slide . We had owned it for less than a week . In between uses , we emptied it of water and stored it in our garage , out of the heat and elements . We also put down a plastic tarp for the slide . My children were very disappointed . We returned it and bought a nine dollar slip 'n slide at W*l-M@rt . Do not buy !
 We bought this Splash slide in hopes that it would give our kids -LRB- ages 9,4 , and3 -RRB- lots of fun , but unfortunately , it only lasted so little time . first , the slide part ripped so we had to use it as a regular little pool . then , the pool ripped where the thin plastic is joined . I am talking in about 2 weeks period . honestly , it is made out of cheap , thin plastic that it is not mean to last .
 I am a mother of 3 little girls and thought I found the perfect slide/pool combination for them to have hours of fun . WRONG !! Straight out of the box one of the seams had and inch long opening in it making it impossible to inflate part of the slide . I called the 800 number on the box hoping to exchange it . Ammee had me fax in the packing slip -LRB- receipt -RRB- and explain the PROBLEM ! After doing that she said she would exchange it out . HOWEVER a message came from her the next day that they did n't have any to exchange it out with . She suggested exchange at Toys r us or online . Called Toys r us and they will not in any way accept a return from Amazon.com -LRB- my box has Toys r us orange price sticker on it -RRB- . I simply want an exchange but online that is not an option . So called toyquest again they said return it online and repurchase . What a great solution YAH RIGHT !! Price online 29.99 + Tax 2.74 + shipping -LRB- standard rate -RRB- 15.72 = 48.45 . So if I return it I 'll have to pay another 15.72 for shipping a new one that may be as big of a disappointment as the one I have now . Buy the way tried to patch it but since the rip is in the seam it would not hold !! The hold time to speak to a real person at toyquest was a lest 30 minutes each time I called .
 I was very unfortunate to be one of the people who bought this item . I bought it In late April for my sons birthday . He waited so long until the weather finally warmed up to be able to use it . It worked great the first time . So I figured awesome ! A wonderful buy . Than the second time I set it up the inside seam that keeps the water and air parts from merging broke . Yep I now have a slide that is useless . There is no right side . so they will fall off and there is no way to have water hooked up to it . It was a complete disappointment . And Toys R Us will not return it and the company just does not care .
 I have 4 yr old twin boys and they enjoy playing in the slide , but the attention span does n't last for long . It is smaller than the picture -LRB- big surprise -RRB- . The slide stays attached as long as it is used properly , when my kids started to crawl from the pool to the slide it comes apart but they just reattach . Overall the best thing I bought for my kids was a 6.5 ` x4 .5 ' rectangle pool they have more fun with that than anything . If I had to do it over I would not purchase the splash bomb - but would instead get the bounce and splash slip n slide - they played on that at a friends house abd the enterainment value is better .
 I purchased this for my 5 year old twins , this past summer . While they had some fun on it , they were more often than not frustrated by the water not hitting the slide properly . Every time they went down the slide they had to spend a minute or so resetting the direction of the water . Also , the slide kept falling over , making me concerned that they would get hurt . Another issue I had was the gap between the upper and lower part of the slide - I was afraid someone would get a hand or a head stuck as the rest of their body went sliding past and possibly causing injury . I would have liked the connection between the slide and the pool to have been MUCH more secure , it is only held in place by a few pieces of Velcro . I purchased this slide to replace a Whamo Slip 'N Slide Bounce 'N Splash . We used the Bounce and Splash the prior year and it got ALOT of use !!! My kids were on it almost every day and we had nieces and nephews , friends and neighbors up to age 12 using it , they all loved it . The Bounce 'N Splash is a 20ft long slip n slide that had an inflatable sliding area so the kids were not hitting the hard ground . The only reason I purchased the Cannonball Splash waterslide was because I could not find the Bounce 'N Splash anywhere locally or even online this past summer and ours had ripped just as we started this season . I did buy an original slip n slide while I waited for the Cannonball Splash to come in and my kids hated that , because it hurt their stomachs to hit the hard ground after a few times down the slide , so when they saw this come in , they were understandably thrilled , unfortunately that only lasted for a few minutes until the slide fell over numerous times The bottom line here is that while my children were able to cool off a bit in the water , they actually spent more time in the pool at the bottom , because they were so frustrated with the slide constantly falling over . As a mom , I was not comfortable with them using the product unless I was within reaching distance in order to stop someone from careening off the slide onto the ground as the slide again fell over . I ca n't really recommend this product to anyone with young children for safety reasons and I do n't think it is really big enough for older children . Over all , if they improve the connection and get rid of the gap it could possibly be a decent toy , but as it stands now it is seriously lacking in common sense safety .
 The slide itself is a huge hit . Unfortunately , the durability ca n't even pass the test of a 4 year old girl . We 've used this slide for 1 month , we now have a hole in the boogie board , a tear at the bottom of the slide , a hole in the slide part of the pool , a slow leak in the pool itself and a rip on the bottom of the pool . All this happened even though we 've taken special care of the slide , and it stays in the grass only . I do n't even know how so many holes are even possible ! I have never seen anything so poorly made . This slide wo n't even last all summer . It is great fun if you can get it to last , but considering how thin the plastic is , I doubt anyone can get it to stay in good condition for more than a week or two .
 The pool/slide was pretty fun once I got it all blow up . But by that time the kids were already bored and moved onto something else . Even with an electric pump it took me over and hour to fill with air . The numerous air holes are so tiny that you have no choice but to sit and wait . Maybe an air compressor would have been more helpful ?
 The top left rail did not inflate at the first use of this product . Disappointing and now have to go through trouble of seeing a refund .
 This is one of most poorly constructed water toys I can imagine or have ever seen . My 4 and 6 year old barely lasted 10minutes with it - the pool at the end is way too short , the slide attaches to the pool in one of the most poorly designed ways , velcro on top . As the kids slid into the pool , the small velcro adhesures came undone everytime . Often , the whole slide would tip as a child was going down it because it is poorly balanced - the water runs on one side making that side very top heavy . Then , by the end of the afternoon , both pieces had holes in them and deflated . I would n't recommend this to anyone and think Banzai needs to hire new engineers for their products in the future .
 Bought this for my 8 and 10 year old boys . It is so small , they would slide on the little surfboard that is included and would already be half way out of the pool . The water that is constantly running from your hose sprays straight down on the slide part . It does NOT spray into the air like the box shows . The water that is coming off the slide and into the pool part does NOT go into the pool . The little plastic flap that connects the two is so small the water runs right off the sides and into the grass . This was a total waste of time . They played with it for about 20min and that was it . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 My son played with this for one day and it already fell apart . He is really upset . THANKS ALOT !
 This product looked so fun . I have a 4 and 2 year old and they did have fun on it . However , it is rated for 5-15 years . No -LSB- ... -RSB- year old would fit on this . I would say ages 2-10 maybe . The slide part would not stay up due to plugs not staying plugged therefore the water that you are supposed to weight the bottom down would not stay in . Also the plastic is not durable at all . Grass clipping punctured it with just one use . Too bad it was not made better because it would have been a fun thing for hot days .
 This Water Slide was fun while it lasted , however we were only able to use it once . The second time we set it up and connected the hose the part were the water sprays out of poped on the inside and caused the right side of the slide to fill with water therefor making the slide unuseable . It is unfixable cause its on the inside and paying how much we paid for it is not worth only one day of play . I wouldnt recommened buying this product .
 First of all , knowing that Banzai is not a quality brand like Whammo , I knew that there could be a durability problem with this slide . Still , after only two afternoons of use on the same weekend , being used by only five children who were within the age and weight limits , I did not expect it to get ruined so soon . It appears that some of them stepped on the blue inflatable `` pillow '' that forms the bottom of the slide , but is within the pool part . That was all it took to rupture it on the seams in several places , so that it can not be fixed . Toyquest is sending me a replacement part , however , so it is not a total loss . They require only a fax or scan of my receipt -LRB- from a Target store -RRB- . I 'm posting this so that other parents might avoid the inconvenience . Yes , it is a fun slide and kids love it . You have to watch them like a hawk , though , if you want the thing to last more than one use . And at $ 40 I think we expect more than one or two afternoons of splashing around . If you see a kid step/jump/stomp on any inflatable part -LRB- especially the pillow/wedge that is partly underwater in the pool floor -RRB- , stop them immediately and if it 's not your kid , throw them the heck out of your backyard . I have spoken .
 Please do not waste your money on this cheap piece of junk . I will be boycotting banzai products from now on . It is badly engineered with the drainage right by the slide entry into the pool and WILL cause injury . The slide does n't stay put and keeps flipping over . The water springs in the wrong direction on the slide . The seams broke on us with the second use.Banzai wo n't replace the product unless it is within 30 days and requires your receipt . I tossed my reciept after I used it once since in their instruction manual , they tell you that the store wo n't accept returns after you have used it . I contacted them after my second use resulted in the broken seam . Now they tell me the return is dependent on the store 's policy . Anyways , I was stupid to have tossed the receipt and to buy this piece of trash but I hope you 'll be smart and not purchase it .
 I bought this water toy a week ago , My 4 year old and some of the little neighbor kids used it for a few hours and had a blast ! A couple days later they wanted to use it again only to find the the slide had a gaping rip in it , right ona seam . No patch kit came with the toy , so we used one we had lying around but it was n't large enough to patch the rip . Now i have a lame little wading pool that no one will use and a ripped and deflating water slide I can not return to the store . I 've sent an email to the company , but I 'm not getting my hopes up . My advice
 ok . I am going to start with the bad stuff first and then I will mention the two good things . This was an impulse buy that I most definitely should have researched . I would have never bought this product had I read the reviews here and at other online locations .1 . If you do n't have an air compressor stay away from this thing ; it will likely take you over an hour to fill this thing up with air . I have an air compressor and it still took me over 20 minutes to inflate this thing .2 . The water that is supposed to shoot up and onto the slide just shoots horizontally across the slide . Expect to get a puddle of muddy water about 5 feet off the left hand side of the slide and minimal water on this slide .3 . If you are familiar with blow-up toys , you know that the well made products have both a two-way intake/exhaust valve and a large exhaust valve . The two-way intake/exhuast valve is the small valve that you either blow into or attach a compressor hose to fill the toy . The large exhaust valve is just as the name describes ; a large valve that makes emptying the toy oh so much easier . THIS UNIT ONLY HAS THE SMALL TWO-WAY INTAKE/EXHAUST VALVES . It took me in the neighborhood of 1 hour to empty the air out of this toy . That is about as long as my kids played with it . This is the show stopper for me . If you value your time then stay away from this toy . The manufacturer could very well have included large exhaust valves in this toy design but I am betting that profit margin beat out quality product .4 . Product picture on the box is very deceiving if not close to false advertising . The actual water slide is about half the size as the picture would lead you to believe.Good things .1 . Slide speed is as advertised
 We bought this for our 2 & 3 year old sons . However after the first 20 minutes of use the right side went flat . Prior to that it kept tipping over when they would go on it . The picture on the box makes it look like the slide is about 3 feet wide . In all actuality the body board barefly fits down the middle of it and it 's probably about 16 inches wide . The slide and the pool section hook together with 3 pieces of velcro which are about 3 inches each and unfortunately it comes undone constantly . I called the company the next day and they are refunding my money with my reciept and pictures of it . I put a picture of my son next to it so the lady could see how narrow the slide REALLY is . The pool area looks quite large on the box too according to the size of the kids playing in it . However , it also is quite small . The only thing this really lives up to is that it is 13ft long . However the width is a serious issue .
 Besides being a complete rip off for the price . My son nearly paralyzed himself on the slide . Using the `` boogie board '' went sliding down and hit the area where the slide velcros onto the pool part , instantly stopped went flying head over feet , twisted his neck and fell into the pool . We stared fearfully as he came splashing down . Luckily he was fine . DO N'T BUY THIS for your kids . If you already have throw away the slide -LRB- if it has n't already torn -RRB- .
 This water slide is a waste of money and does not work as advertised . Contrary to what the picture shows , the water shoots out horizontally and not up , making it difficult to keep the slide surface wet . The water also flows onto the ground instead of flowing into the pool . The pool and the slide are not physically connected , so during play it separates . The pool also got a hole in it after the first time we used it.I would not recommend this water slide to anyone .
 Please do not buy this slide . We used it once and part of the slide would not stay inflated . My mother bought it for my 2 and 5 year olds and it was a total bust . Talk about dissapointed kids and grandma . It was sad .
 It is SOOOOOO small my 5 year old said send it back . We returned it as soon as we opened it !! It would be appropriate for a 3 year old
 We purchased this for my three year old 's birthday . It took an hour to fill with air , with an electric air pump . After filling it , we hooked it up , and the sides of the slide deflated making the water not even hit the slide . Thinking maybe we did n't fill it properly , we tried it again a few days later , reinflated the sides , it did the same thing . Thank goodness I was able to return it to the store and get my money back . Also , there are no steps to the slide , so I had to bring a stool over so my three year old could get up to the slide . WASTE OF MONEY !!
 I bought this waterslide 2 weeks ago . We used it for less than 30 minutes and the slide sprang 2 leaks . I would NOT purchase this waterslide again . To much of a headache . A BAD PURCHASE !!!!! Good luck contacting the toy company to get any replacement parts . It is a act of congress to get anything done . And im not talking about amazon either . You have to contact the Banazi maker .
 I bought this hunk of junk last year and it broke the first day with 2 seven year olds playing on it . Aside from Banzai 's deceptive pictures on the box ... it was far smaller than pictured . I 've noticed on all their products they photoshop in tiny kids to make their product look bigger !!! -LSB- ... -RSB- If you love to waste money and see disappointment on your kids ' faces then by all means ...
 Originally purchased for children 6 , 8 , and 9 years of age and never used . Our 11 year old next door neighbor played several times and loved trying to see how far past the end of the pool she could slide . Not recommended activity . The yellow slide is too tall for most children to navigate . The pool is very shallow and not very long . A better use for the unit would be to disassemble and use the slide with a traditional swimming pool and allow the babies/toddlers to splash in the blue pool . Sorry I can not recommend .
 Do not buy this product . I bought this as a birthday gift for my son last year . He and I were both very disappointed . The slide kept falling over and had to be reset . When it was standing , it would lean to one side , so the water would not spray evenly across the slide . There was an uneven seam that eventually ripped on the 1st day . I ended up throwing it away on day 2 . Complete waste of money .
 takes forever to fill up with air , then even though it was fully inflated the kids would compress it enough by sitting on it that they would n't really slide at all -LRB- the whole point -RRB- . Also the picture on the outside of the box is a grotesque misrepresentation of its size .
 Do NOT buy this . It is flimsy so it does not work . The top slide does n't stay close enough to the splash pool so the child comes to a scary , dangerous , screeching halt when her body meets the gap between the two . Her body bent in two and I thought for sure she had a broken neck . Lucky for us she was okay . I ripped the slide part off and she played in the pool for a bit before gettting bored . What a waste ! Was any product testing done on this thing ?!! She got it for a gift and is heartbroken !
 Not to good . It says for 5-12 yr old . I gave it to my 5yr old for his birthday . I do n't think it will last too long . He really enjoys it anyway . I would buy the slip n slide with the pool at the end if I did it over again .
 This should have been a lot of fun , but it is poorly made . Instead of the water shooting up and landing on the slide , it shoots off into the lawn and misses the slide area . The holes should be along the top of the slide , but they are on the side . Any amount of water pressure sends it shooting off into the yard.I called the 800 # and they sent a replacement slide , but this one is no different.The water shoots off into the lawn instead of on the slide . So , we set up a water sprinkler next to the slide to wet it down.I would NOT recommend that anyone purchase this . It is very poorly made and not as much fun as a `` Slip and Slide '' .
 This was garbage right from the start . My 4 year old was so excited to have a new pool with a new slide . Right out of the box it was junk - holes in the pool area seams . Back to purchase another . Same thing . This one we decided to just put up because he was ready to swim and we were destroying his day . So we attempted to patch the holes in the pool part and he was in business . It lasted exactly one use with a 4 year old . The whole thing went to the trash the next week because the slide seams were all laking air making it junk . Such a disappointment .
 This item is a COMPLETE waste of money !!! I bought this slide for my three kids ages 5,6 , and 8 . Every time they go to slide down it , they slide off of the side . . It has to be made out of the most cheapest plastic on the market !! I can guarantee you one thing , I 'll NEVER buy another Banzai product again !! I 'm really aggravated over this , the booklet in the box says `` DO NOT RETURN TO STORE '' I sent an email this morning to Toyquest and have yet to hear from them . . Do n't waste your money people , it 's not worth it !
 We were so excited to finally get the slide ! As soon as we opened it and began to inflate it we found a slow leak . It lasted outside less than 15 minutes . What a waste of money and a major disappointment .
 I bought two of these cannonball water slide with boogie board , slide/pools . I gave one to my grand duaghter who is only three . She knows how to swim . Anyway , from the onset , the pool seam had a hole , gaping . So I gave her the second one . Guess what ? It would not hold water but could not find the leak . Talk about thin plastic . My freezer bags feel thicker . Luckily , Praise GOD !! I bought them online at Walmart . No problem in returning them to the store for a full refund !! Do not buy this item . Invest a little more and get the much thicker better Bonzai slide . Or just the great rectangle pool they had , also on the -LSB- ... -RSB- 1website . Good Luck to all the others in returning your waste of money . Honestly $ -LSB- ... -RSB- + is too much for the materials used in this product .
 I purchased this item for my sons , and they had tremendous fun until the seam where the water comes out tore . Now they ca n't even use the slide because the tear seams to get bigger when I turn the water on . So all that remains usable is the pool part . Great idea , but disappointed that it did n't hold up .
 We bought this water slide thinking it would be perfect for our two kids . Great for our six-year-old and his friends to play on the slide part , and a nice pool area for our one-year-old when the big kids are done.My older son 's first two trips down the slide were great , then we had him try it without the included body board . His arm got stuck between the slide in the pool and the wall , causing him to get flipped around . Not horrible , but could potentially be dangerous . My husband checked the instructions . It said to hold arms out straight if going down the slide without the body board . So my son tried it - he got tangled up again and this time he ended up doing a forward somersault on his NECK.We both ran over to him hoping he was n't seriously hurt . He was fine but we were n't about to let him on it again . He was really disappointed of course , but we could n't risk something happening to him or one of his friends.This slide/pool combo is a great idea , but the design flaws are too dangerous . If the portion of the slide that is located in the pool was moved closer to the pool wall , this product would work much better and be safer.With all the choices available , I would pick something else and avoid this product .
 We bought this slide less than a month ago - could n't resist it because it looked like so much fun for our 6 year old and 3 year old . The idea is great and the kids love it , but the VERY FIRST TIME we used this the boogie board got a leak in one of the seams -LRB- and it was not over-inflated -RRB- . our kids weigh 45 pounds and 35 pounds , so it ca n't be that the boogie board was over-stressed . 2 uses later the ramp inside the pool got a leak on one of seams and the pool itself developed a slow air leak . After about 5 uses now the only part that does n't have a leak is the big ramp . Great idea ... very poorly made . Do n't waste your money on this !
 MUCH smaller than they make it appear . My kids were very disappointed , and by the time you have it all blown up , it 's too late ! Way too hard to repackage ! Save your money ... and heart break . By the way , mine 's already popped !
 We just set up this product today . It should be for ages 3 to 5 instead of 5 to 12 . It is so much smaller than it appears . You definitely would n't be able to sit a child comfortably in the pool while another one is trying to slide . The velcro slide part comes apart from the pool area.The sprinkler system on the slide hardly gets any water into the pool part.I would definitely not recommend this product . I should have shelled out the extra bucks for a much larger water slide .
 This water slide is horrible . The slide does n't stay connected to the pool . When my daughter goes down the slide it tipes over or she misses the pool completely by sliding off the side . You can not go down without the buggie board or you get stuck at the bottom of the slide and never reach the pool . Horrible toy !
 I bought this thinking it would be nice and big . But it is smaller then it appears and it 's not very stable . There is nothing that keeps the top part from detaching from the bottom pool . My son loved just trowing the raft , but kept getting wedge between the slide part and the landing part . Little disappointed for the amount of money it cost . I do n't recommend it . Sorry .
 I bought this . . looked like it would be fun for the kids ... 1st ... When they go down the slide it would detach from the pool part ! 2nd ... The left slide would not stay aired up ! 3rd ... When the kids used the body board that came with it to slide on . . it would n't slide and if you could get it too it just went off over the edge !!! 4th was a hudge hudge hudge waste of money and time !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I purchased this for my kids -LRB- 6 & 4 -RRB- to use in the backyard . The problem is that there is a big seperation between the pool and the slide part . My son was sliding down head first just like the picture shows when all of a sudden his head got stuck in the seperation and his body kept going over . I 'm suprised that his neck did n't break . This also happened with my friends kids . This toy is so dangerous !!! Please consider buying something else !!!!
 This is by far the worst pool toy I have ever had . The slide does not stay put . It takes forever to blow up -LRB- and this is with an electrical pump ! -RRB- . The pool looks much larger than the image shown . It really was a waste of $ 49.95 . After a horrible afternoon of fighting , we are throwing this in the trash . The kids were so upset by it . They will be so happy with a plain old cheapy rectangular family pool . I would give it 0 stars if possible .
 I bought this pool for a playdate for my almost 3 year old son and his 3 1/2 year old buddy . First one side of the slide already had a hole in it as it kept deflating over and over again which made the slide totally unsafe . We had to take the kids and forcefully throw them down the slide because if they were to do it themselves they would fall off the side . Then the rest of thing thing had holes by the end of the day . So yeah , if you do n't mind spending $ 50 bucks for a day of fun then go for it . The kids did have fun though , I 'll give it that ... but 3 year olds also could have had just as much fun if we stuck them in the bathtub .
 I bought this for my 9 year old son 's birthday party . First of all , I 'm a chick and am not good at diminisions , but the pic on the website/box made it look bigger than it was . This was n't a big deal , but when the kids started playing on it , it lasted about 20 minutes . I was furious . I figured it would have at least lasted an hour or so . It developed a hole in the slide part which filled up with water and would not attach nor stay up because of water weight . Very big disappointment .
 This is the worst toy I have ever seen . The slide does not slide well and the pool is too small for the slide . My two 7 year old grandchildren called it a `` stupid toy . '' Then they proceeded to try and make it work by redesigning it . They got really scratched by the pillow part in the pool . I do n't think the manufacturer 's tried this out . Waste of money !!!!!!!!!!!
 Do n't buy this . It is unstable and dangerous . It does n't stay upright and the kids slide off into the grass . When you connect the water hose to the slide , the slide is so unbalanced , that the weight of the hose pulls the slide a skew . Junk ...
 This slide looks really fun and is recommended for kids 8 + . My 8 and 10 year olds are too big for it . The slide is too short , they need to run and jump onto it . The pool is too short , the kids soar off the end . The sprinkers do n't work very well - they shoot in crazy directions . The water that does make it to the slide ends up on the ground , not in the pool . The slide is n't stable and does n't stay attached to the pool . I 'm not sure who this toy would be good for .
 First 5 minutes into the fun the slide went pop ! Also , slide is attached to the pool by 3 small strips of velcro and it constantly detaches from pool . I am still waiting for my refund from Amazon . I just returned the package couple days ago and I am not sure if they will refund at all .
 Very thin plastic , the water only comes out of the lower half of the slide . the slide flips over very easy , and all of the water coming down the slide just runs out instead of in the pool . NOT WORTH THE MONEY .
 This product is basically a one season toy at best . I do not deny that for the kids that is is a very fun toy when it is inflated . The problem is that it is not a very durable toy . The plastic is not very thick and the smallest abrasion is more than capable of inflicting a pin hole leak that makes the toy deflate and therefore unusable . The decision on whether to purchase the product needs to be based on if one is willing to spend the money knowing full well that this will be a one season product . If the expectation is that this product will last over a number of summers , then that expectation is unrealistic and should discourage the purchase of the product .
 My wife bought this on clearance -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- , and thebox art makes it look SO much bigger . The directions are unclear as to what is filled with water in the `` base , '' and the water sprinklers to wet down the slide are on only one side of the inflatable ramp , causing it to go lopsided and make kids veer off the slide . Also , the water on the ramp was not on that high , and then it split , so I had gushing water where I did n't need it.Total waste of money . Find something else and be happier .
 BOTTOM LINE
 This is a complete waste of money . If I could give it less than one star , I would . It took forever to inflate -LRB- best to have an air pump handy -RRB- . Once assembled , the slide portion kept tipping over . The directions have you add water to two small pillows under the slide portion . 1 -RRB- The plugs do n't stay in when you have the water in the pillows 2 -RRB- It is not enough water to make the slide stable . When the hose is hooked to the slide to squirt water , the additional weight of the hose also tips the slide over . For my kids to play with this -LRB- 5 and 8 years -RRB- , I had to stand next to the slide holding it upright . Complete waste of money !
 I did n't realize that it is difficult for the child playing with the toy to see the lights flash as he/she is playing . . as they are laying down . You could let them play with it on thier stomach but the reaction they get from the toy when they hit it really is n't much . It is difficult for the child to see that their action made the toy perform . For the price , I think you can get a more entertaining toy for infants . My 2 year old loves to stand on it , and play it with her feet though . My infant does n't seem to care if it is there or not .
 The fabric cover prevents good contact with the keys underneath . Piano underneath the cover is undecorated , yellow with all white keys , so baby can not anticipate which key makes which sound , and makes no visual connectin to auditory input . Ugh .
 with it at all ! We had heard good things about it , so we bought one when she was 3 months old , and now at 9 months she still does n't play with it . The best thing about it for us is that it can be set to play by itself , and she likes listening to that and watching the lights sometimes . Worth a try maybe , but I definitely do not consider this toy a `` must have '' based on my experience and having had talked to a few others about it .
 My toddler daughter and I saw the commercial on TV . Then she asked me to get one for her . Since I have another infant baby , I ordered one ... After we got it , none of them really likes it . The voice is too low . There is no excitement at all for my babies . It makes animals ' sound too , but whenever my baby hears it , she starts to cry . Overall , I feel very disappointed of it . Maybe it is a good toy , but not for my daughters .
 I bought this for my son a year ago when he was 7 months old . I was quite disappointed , the volume is so low you can hardly hear it . He 's only played with it a handfull of times within the year . Thumbs down on this one .
 My daughter 's grandparents bought this for her when she was about 4 mo old . The keys are very hard to push and it did n't hold the interest of my daughter for more than about 2 minutes . It drains batteries very quickly and now it does n't even make the sound it is supposed to . It sounds like it had a meltdown . Would n't recommend it to anyone . I , as was my daughter , was very disappointed .
 My daughter -LRB- 14months -RRB- has had this toy for 7 months now and has never been much interested in this toy . From time to time , I used to distract her from a good cry by making the lights flash . One day , however , we were both a little bored , so I took the mechanism out of the cushy case . She was much more interested in pushing the big white keys . Most fun she 's ever had with it !
 My son is now 5 months old and has never shown any interest in this toy . Maybe part of the reason why is that it was hard for him to kick it hard enough or in the right spots to make it play enough ? Either way , I took it out of his crib since he was n't getting any use out of it . Maybe he 'll like it to use on the floor when he 's sitting up ? We 'll see .
 I bought this toy for my 5 month old , and I was very disappointed in it . It 's much too quiet , and there 's no volume control . The sound is bad , and you have to hit the keys too hard for it to be fun . AND if you put it at the foot of the crib and the baby lays down to kick it , they ca n't see what they 're doing to make the noise anyway . I 'm sorry I bothered with it .
 My daughter kicked it a few times , she laughed and that was enough . When she was older , she pushed all the buttons once and that was enough . She has found other toys she has more stimulating . This one is too simplistic .
 We had recieved this as a gift and thought at first how great this would be for our daughter . Within two months it had completly fell apart . The place white face to this had come apart the animal noises where sticking and continuesly going . I was extremely displeased with this toy . I do n't think that I would recommend this .
 This toy looks and sounds great , but my baby -LRB- now 18 months -RRB- has never really taken to it . Other more simple toys , like a ball or the sparkling symphony stacker , have provided much more fun for baby . When baby was immobile it did provide some stimulation , but since he was up and about he would much rather explore and pick up little objects .
 I 'm rather disappointed by the lack of interactivity of the Fisher-Price `` Kick and Play '' piano . Yes , it 's durable -- in good Fisher-Price form . Yes , it 's colorful and pretty . I have two major problems with this toy , though :1 . You have to be rather precise to actually hit the key and make it work -- not easy for chubby five-month-old hands/fingers/feet -LRB- and by the way , he 's NEVER tried to play it with his feet ! -RRB- ; and2 . It fails to really grab and keep my baby 's attention as much as I thought it would . It just kind of lays there , and the only thing that catches Xander 's attention are the loose tie-up strings dangling from it ... -LRB- ?!? -RRB-
 I got this toy for my son when he was an infant . You ca n't hear the music at all , it 's hard to push the keys , and it is overall very boring . I now have a baby daughter and she has no intrerest in this toy either . I would recommend something else for sure .
 The toy is well made , the sound passable , and the idea great . The problem is that my son , and the other infants that we have had visit , have not played with this toy much at all .
 This toy cost me -LRB- money -RRB- and unfortunately it was a waste of money . We bought this for our son for his Xmas present when he was 2 months old . He paid no attention at the time . He is now 2 years old and it has hardly ever been used . We have had the piano attached to his cot , the lights were exciting for him but the music is just too loud . I can hear it down the end of the house which makes me worry what would be happening to his ears.It is a great idea , the sound needs to be turned down quite a few decibles . Maybe if it was a little quieter my son would have used it.We have another new baby now so hopefully he might like it - otherwise it is definitely going to be a waste of money spent as not even my daughter enjoyed the toy and she is now 4 . Sorry - but I recommend that you save your money
 I was very disappointed in this toy . The idea is for the infant to lie on their back and kick at it to make noises sound and lights flash . Unfortunately , since my infant - as well as another infant I take care of - could not see what they were kicking at , their kicking was never reinforced . In addition , even when the toy was placed in the crib at the lowest possible position , I found that the infants kicks were higher , missing the keypads altogether . Once the babies were mobile I removed it from the crib to let them play with it on the floor . Even with my help the toy could n't keep their attention for long . I do have to admit , however , that my 1 year old enjoys walking on it now and again . We 're still trying ...
 I bought this toy for my first daughter who is now 22 months old . She has yet to play with it . She could n't see it well enough when she was an infant lying on her back to enjoy it , and the foot power required to make it play is really greater than my kid could manage . Once she sat up she had no interest in it either . I thought it might just be her but my second daughter , who is opposite in temperament and personality , also finds it pretty boring.Some of the biggest problems with this toy are :1 . it has NO VOLUME CONTROL . And it 's loud . And annoying . I had to put a piece of tape over the speaker to bring it down to a tolerable level .2 . it 's made of fabric and gets grungy really fast when you put it on a floor or table for your toddler to play on.It really misses the mark for toys . Get a Peaceful Planet Aquarium instead , now that 's a great toy !
 I have the kinda of baby who would play with anything , from her toes to the her excersaucer . But there is one exception - the Kick and Play Piano . The only visual stimulation are dim lights the size of quarters and very difficult to see . There are three different audio settings but none of them offer much challenge or entertainment for the child . I just think for the price you can get something much more interesting and FUN .
 Got this for my baby when he was born . He 's 9 months and still has n't shown any interest in it . Have to apply a lot of pressure on the keys to get a sound out of them . He could n't do it as an infant .
 I bought this toy for my son after seeing the commercial on TV . It 's really not at all what I expected . It is very hard for little hands to to push the keys . When it 's hooked up in my son 's crib and he kicks it , he gets very bored because lying flat on his back he ca n't see the lights , which are nothing special . I still have it hanging in his crib , but more for the music than anything else . I was very disappointed in this item .
 I 'm glad other people got their money 's worth , but my son just was n't amused . He never was interested in kicking it in his crib , when he was old enough I put him on the floor on this stomach and he played with it less than 5 minutes . It seems like its well made . I like you can turn the volume up and down . It just did n't keep my son entertained .
 I thought this toy was going to be a hit . The color , concept and lights all lead me to believe that I was taking home a hit . Well it is very misleading . Baby ca n't see lights while kicking it , it rest too low and is pretty hard on babies feet . No toddler in their right mind will enjoy this silly piano with 4 keys and mind you they do n't even sound good . I love Fisher Price but they bombed out on this toy . My baby prefers the over the head toy he can see and bat.He really enjoys the sparkling syphony which is a life saver .
 A little pricey for a babies toy . Offers about 15 minutes of attention each play time ... get the picture parents .
 I searched high and wide for a crib toy that my son can play with and kick around to keep busy when he was 3 months . since the day I bought it , he had virtually very little interest in it . I can probably count how many times he looked at it . The keys are too difficult to press with even his little feet so there is basically no music coming from it . Moreover , the only way it would play any sounds at all is only if you leave it on all the time , and course , waste all the battery power . The animal sounds and other peculiar sounds are silly and do not spark any interest even when he was 6 months . This toy is a waste of money and time that I spent hunting for a good crib activity toy . I do n't know why it is so highly rated .
 Neither of my twins ever showed the slightest interest in this toy . They were beyond bored with it and still are at the age of 13 months . fisher price usually knows what kids like , but they really missed on this one . It was good , however , for keeping my boys chubby legs from getting stuck in the rails of the cribs , since we did n't use bumper pads . so oddly , it was worth the money in that respect , but they never ever have played with it as a toy , neither in their cribs nor on the floor , and we have two of these pianos I do n't know what to do with now !
 We bought this toy last christmas for my then 5 month old son . He absolutely hated it . The fabric would not stay over the keys where you could play the thing . Also it was very loud . A word of advice , please save your money and buy something else . Trust me !!
 I was so excited to get this for my baby last Christmas . It looked so cute , and I like the description . It was a serious disappointment . She did n't play with it more than twice . The fabric cover does n't stay in place and was so annoying we took it off . I was expecting it to sound like a piano , it does n't . I thought it would be soothing to baby , it was n't . The animal sounds are so loud it scared her . The sing-along puppy was a gift last Christmas for her as well and she loved it , although we did n't actually put it in the crib .
 I bought this for my youngest girl when she was 4 months old and she just was n't that interested . I was extremely disappointed and really encouraged her , even now at 15 months she is still not interested . She did n't spend much time in the crib and that may have had something to do with it . I do n't recommend this toy to anyone . There are better things to spend your money on -- like building blocks !!!
 It looks as if my 9-month daughter wo n't be taking up piano by her bored-out-of-my-mind attitude towards this toy . The area in which to press for sounds is much smaller than the `` key '' itself and is difficult for little fingers to find . She also shows absolutely no interest in simply lying and kicking it . The only fun we have ever had is by my `` walking '' her over the keys . It sits on the bottom of the toy box these days collecting dust .
 on tv this looks like a great fun toy for a baby . when actually it is not . the lights are too small for her to see and the music only has one setting so if she is whining it does n't get her attention . i do n't feel that it was worth the money i spent . my local walmart never got it in stock so i ordered it on the internet which cost a nice fee for shipping and handling . my recommendation is see it in person before you buy .
 I do not recommend this toy . The music and sound of this toy is so low that it never interest my son . I thought I bought a broken toy when I tried it the first time when I could n't really hear the music . I 'm just cheated by the appearance of the toy . But my son is not even interested in the appearance of the toy .
 This toy is a big disappointment . Only a small area of each key is sensitive to touch so if the baby touches any portion of the key other than the center of the animal printed on the key it does not work . I would not recommend this toy to anyone .
 My little boy has had this toy since his birth - I tried it in his playpen , his crib , on the couch , on the floor , everywhere ! He did n't like it from the get go . Now he 's 14 months old , and he still does n't like to play with it .
 We received this as a gift when our son was born . He is now 3 months old and unfortunately , he has not been able to really use it . If your crib has solid panels at the head and foot , the ties are not long enough to reach to the first slat on the side . I ca n't tie it to anything , so I wo n't leave it in for him to play with , as I am afraid it will fall on him . I have held it there for him to play with , and he loves to kick at it and watch the lights . So if your crib has slats at the head and foot , then go for it . But if you have solid panels , do n't waste your money !
 I should have read the reviews . With all the mixed feelings about this toy I probably would not have purchased it if I had read them . A little to late ...
 We bought this for our baby when he was about 5 months old . He is now 14 months old and has never kicked the piano in his crib , nor paid much attention to it otherwise . He likes to touch the lights and tries to get into it and see what 's behind it , and that rather takes away from the buttons he 's supposed to push to make the sounds . This toy was too expensive for my son to be so disinterested . Maybe he 'll grow into it , but so far , he has n't .
 My son was given this as a gift when he was 4 months old -- we hung it up and thought he 'd play with it and have fun since he loved the Sparkling Symphony but he never thought it was fun . We even reintroduced it at a year and he was bored by it -- Sparkling Symphony is a much better toy this is a boring , not well designed toy . Do n't waste your money --
 Based on reading other customer reviews I ordered this toy for our 8 month old thinking that it would have kick-play-value , music-tunes-value , and infant-piano-value . I was dissapointed on all counts . The `` keys '' are very big and the child ends up kicking only in one spot thus repeating the same sounds over and over again . The `` keys '' are also hard to press by hand and there are only 5 notes -LRB- not even a full scale -RRB- so it 's useless as a piano . The sound is not very loud especially if placed on a soft surface . On the animal sounds setting , the animal sounds are cycled with some music notes so you ca n't even attract the child 's attention with `` meow '' or `` woof '' sounds without interruption . The music tunes with flashing lights are ok but not great . My 8 month old showed no interest in this toy -LRB- and my wife was upset that I actually spent money on it :-LRB- -RRB- . Maybe this toy is appropriate for a 2 month old who is just learning to kick , but there are better , more interesting toys for older infants . -LRB- For example the Little Tikes Piano which our son just loves -RRB- .
 I thought this toy would be stimulating for my child but she rarely plays with it . We bought in when she was 2 months old . She liked the lights and music and would fall asleep to it sometimes . It does n't have a timer and it will turn back on if the baby rolls over while sleeping and bumps it . When it turned on while she was asleep it would wake her up . Also , I have never seen her kick it to activate it and she is one year old now .
 I have a baby that absolutely loves to kick , so I thought this toy sounded great . She has not used it once . She wo n't kick against it and does n't know that the kicking causes a sound . I realize that maybe she 'll like it when she 's older , but for now , this toy is just collecting dust for us . We sometimes turn it on in her crib for her to listen to music , but it does n't have a timer , so it 's not good for putting her to sleep . It also does n't have volume control .
 I expected more from this toy . The sound level , is too low . It should have been made with an adjustable sound level . The keys on the piano should be more sensitive -LRB- on the entire key -RRB- not just a paricular spot.I will be returning mine to the store today , I only bought it yesterday at a very high cost at that ...
 I got this toy for christmas for my daughtor , she was four months old at the time . The toy proved too hard for her to use because you have to push the keys so hard . My daughtor is now ten months old and still has trouble getting the toy to respond !!! I will say however that at night when she does get the toy to work she Quiets down and the lights and music put her to sleep .
 i felt it was too quiet!i could barely hear it and my son never developed an interest , you have to hit a certain spot for the music to play
 This piano is designed so that the baby lies on their back and kicks at it to make noise ... which means the baby can not see the toy at all . My baby searches for the source of the sound and because she can not see the toy she does not really understand what is going on . When she sees the toy , she naturally wants to move her body to look at it directly , but when she moves her body around to see the piano she can no longer play it . What frustration !
 Now 10 months old , my child has had this toy since 5 months of age . When attached to the crib , my child did not show any interest in kicking and playing with piano . Worse , when attempting to play with toy in a sitting position , my child kept trying to press the flashing lights to make the sounds occur . He did not associate the keys with the sounds and ultimately became bored with the toy . A better design would have directly incorporated the flashing lights into the key pads .
 I was very disappointed because the item pictured is NOT what I received . I specifically wanted the vintage beads pictured and did NOT want the newer version . The pictures should clearly indicate the item offered . If an item is not available , it should not be illustrated . I am returning them for that reason .
 The title says it all -- $ 55 for this ?! It 's a classic toy , but this price is beyond insane . You can buy the wood version by Doug & Melissa for under $ 10 -- unless this is a typo , it 's crazy .
 My son has had this toy since he was 6 months old . He 's 11 months old now . He plays with all kinds of toys and enjoys them , but has never cared anything about this toy , past using the rings as chew toys . It 's a pretty boring toy .
 The new style ring on the top -LRB- the one that contains the little rattles inside -RRB- cut my daughters mouth within MINUTES of her playing with it . She got it for Christmas , stuck it in her mouth -LRB- as all babies do -RRB- and her upper gums started bleeding ! She was 6 months old at the time , and was not yet teething . In fact , she did n't get her first tooth until months later , so it was not attributed to that . Aside from that , I would toss this toy if you have it or just do n't buy it ! It also does not say BPA-Free !
 My daughter loved this toy and thought it was so much fun , but unfortunately when she decided to suck on the bottom blue ring it turned her mouth blue !!! I 'm pretty sure that is NOT something that plastic is supposed to do , and I am throwing this toy out .
 The dye from the blue ring comes off , and my baby had it all over her face ! I do n't care if the company says it 's non-toxic , I do n't want my child ingesting this dye , and you should n't either ! Why is this still on the market ?
 My son loves this toy , he 's 7mo and enjoys banging the rings together and chewing on them . Once I noticed his lips seemed blue and it was from the blue ring . I thought it was a fluke until it happened a second time and the blue color rubbed off on the base . I was concerned as I do n't know what they color the plastic with and so I took it away . These toys have been around forever and I do n't remember this being a problem . I 'm not sure if anyone else has had the same issues .
 This toy did n't say BPA free on the packaging so I called fisher price to confirm and the customer service rep read off some standard reply that bpa is usually only present in higher levels in clear plastic toys - this toy clearly has a clear plastic topper . I told the rep that and he read another paragraph about how they follow the safety standards and blah blah blah there were only `` trace '' amounts and that it is only a problem in food or drink containers . What a stupid answer - what do small babies do with toys ... . Put them in their mouths !! Educate yourselves parents ! BPA is dangerous and should be banned in all baby toys . I bought the wooden Melissa and Doug stacker - safer and serves the same purpose . I 'm not buying FP/Mattel toys anymore and I 'm getting rid of the ones I already have .
 My 7-month-old had been chewing on the blue ring and it turned her face around her mouth and her hands blue !! I was horrified and will not be giving this back to her ! I do n't recommend this toy .
 We received this as a gift . When I gave it to my 8 month old son , blue dye was all over his mouth and hands . I called Fisher Price to complain and they stated that they have not recalled the product since the dye was non toxic . They then refused to tell me what was in the blue paint . I did a search online and this problem has been ongoing since April 2009 . WHY WAS THIS NOT RECALLED ???
 I called the fisher-price customer service line to ask if this product contained bisphenol-a -LRB- deemed toxic recently by Canada -RRB- and they refused to answer stating the content was a trade secret and spouting off a rehearsed line stating that the FDA had not found reason for concern about this type of plastic -LRB- in the two major studies conducted by them that were , surprise , funded by the plastics industry -RRB- . I thanked them and bought something else , the Melissa and Doug stacker made of wood and lead-free paint . Fisher-price , shame on you for not being upfront about this . Get used to the question because American consumers are getting educated about this possible very dangerous plastic in our children 's toys , baby bottles , Nalgene bottles and lining 95 % of the canned food and soda we drink . If you are n't already aware of this danger , educate yourself and find out why Europe and Canada are removing it from food products and children 's products .
 I purchased the Rock-a-Stack for my 6 month old son on Friday April 3,2009 . I came home to wash the product and soon realized the water I was washing it in was blue . Then my hands and arms were stain blue . I was very grateful that I washed this product before giving it to my son . Who knows what type of paint Fisher-Price uses and even if they say it is non-toxic as parents I am sure we do n't want our children getting the paint in their mouth . I scrubbed the blue ring for a couple of minutes and there is still dye coming off of the ring . I ca n't imagine if I gave this to my son , his clothes , skin , blankets , and our carpet would have been stained blue.I called the 800 number for Fisher-Price and they did not seem the lease bit concerned . I have written more about our experience at
 We love this toy and have been in search for one that the blue ring does not rub off it 's color -- After 3 tries I finally went with a different brand . The blue ring on the fisher price set would come off on everything -LRB- hands , mouth , clothes -RRB- even after multiple washings -- Too scary since it kept happening with every new model I purchased . Finally bought a lead free wood type and they are not rubbing off color
 I bought this toy for my son . Literally , the second I took it out of the wrapping , blue dye was getting everywhere . All over me and my 6 month old baby . I called the 1800 number and am getting it replaced . However , I think that Fisher Price needs to recall this product as there is obviously a problem with it . I am not the only one to have the issue .
 Do n't waste your money on this one . The first time my daughter played with it the dye from the blue ring ended up on the base , the rings , her face , hands & clothes in a matter of minutes . No matter how much you wash the blue ring it still bleeds , luckily the dye on the skin cleans up easily .
 I purchased this toy for my baby 's Christmas yesterday . Concerned about toxic plastics , I called Fisher-Price and asked them if this product contains Bisphenol A -LRB- BPA -RRB- . The polite customer service operator confirmed that this product is made of polycarbonate plastic which contains BPA in low levels . This scares me because I know my son will put the rings in his mouth.I really wanted to give this cute toy to my son because I had one as a child , but I just do n't dare to . I am returning this product today due to safety concerns .
 We got this for our son when he was 6 mo old . He 's now 11 mo old and still is n't very interested in playing with it ... maybe he will eventually . Right now he will take the rings off , throw them , then moves on to something else . It 's not very entertaining for him -LRB- yet ? -RRB- . I really liked the price though !! We 'll see what happens .
 The toy seems really great but my son has shown no interest in it whatsoever . He has it out over a month now and he has n't gravitated towards it yet . He puts everything in his mouth , so i thought that maybe just to chew on it he would do that.I guess he just does n't like the thing .
 I bought this toy for my 6 1/2 month old . He is able to sit up on his own , however , like any other baby , he does fall over in all directions . So , when I gave him this toy to play with he was very amused by it and was thoroughly enjoying it , especially being able to CHEW the rings . Then I noticed that he could fit the yellow cylinder -LRB- attached to the base that you stack the rings onto -RRB- all the way into his mouth . So I was concerned for his safety that if he fell forward he could lodge it into his throat and obstruct his airway . I have contacted fisher-price and they are picking up the toy from my house for a full refund . I think you should not buy this for a baby that does n't sit completely stable on his/her own , maybe not until 8 or 9 months old .
 My daughters had no interest in this toy . A couple of times I saw my youngest use the rings for bracelets otherwise it did n't get played with . It was a waste of money and I would not buy this again for another child .
 These toys are not as much fun as you would think . Small children who are just learning about their environment are not up to choosing progressively larger rings in order . They try to put them on the pole in the wrong order which is just plain frustrating . Maybe the rings could get larger but the holes in the center of the rings should be the same size , as should the diameter of the pole , so small children can put them on in whatever order they want -- that would increase their enjoyment .
 Yes , this is a great toy . But , FP has confirmed that it contains bpa . For children who chew on toys , particularly young children who sometimes do this continuously , this is an unnecessary and inappropriate danger . FP knows better but prefers to sell a cheaper product instead of one that is safe for consumers . I wish I knew before we got this.I ended up buying a wooden one from Holgate . Yes , more expensive . But i ca n't in good conscience expose my child to chemicals we know are dangerous . Better off getting her fewer toys .
 i can not believe there is the fake Amoazon selling !! It is abosolutely a fake , the surface is very rough , the raw material is bad and thin . And also no BPA-FREE . The color is strange . I tried to contact the seller , but failed.http : / / www.amazon.com/Fisher-Price-71050-Brilliant-Basics-Rock-a-Stack/dp/B00000IZQP/ref=cm_cr_pr_pb_t
 This toy was the least played-with toy in our house -LRB- had since birth of first child -RRB- . Despite efforts to show them how to assemble it , it did not interest them . Go with sets of stacking cups , by far my kids ' favorite until this day -LRB- fun in tub or playroom -RRB- . My son did discover ultimately that the rocking stand for the donuts could be used as a hammer to hit his sister , then we finally got rid of this toy .
 I ca n't believe I did n't look at the reviews before purchasing this toy ! I 'm a firm believer on reading reviews before making a purchase , but I failed to this time . I saw this toy and remembered it from days-gone-by when my babies were little . I wanted to get it for our granddaughter to keep at our house for upcoming visits . Who would have thought it would have been made of anything toxic ??? How can Fisher-Price or Mattel or whoever get away with poisoning our little ones ? It 's unbelievable . I 've already unwrapped this or I would have returned it . Big waste of money no matter how cheap it was . What am I going to do with it now ? Moral ... ratings rock .
 My daughter was playing with the blue ring from this toy this morning , and I was horrified when I saw that her entire mouth was BLUE . I took the toy away from her , and immediately called Fisher Price . It is Saturday , and they are closed , but I did look at their website and saw there was no mention of the blue dye coming off these rings . I looked at other websites , however , and saw lots of pictures of babies whose skin has turned blue from these blue rings . These people stated they had called Fisher Price on the matter , but that Fisher Price has refused to recall the product . Please do not buy this product for your kids . Fisher Price says the paint is non-toxic , but that does n't make it okay ! Paint - toxic or not is NOT okay to eat . Do NOT buy this toy !!!
 This classic toy is overpriced here . You can get it at any dept. store.Also this toy is not the best . I have more trouble locating all the rings , that the baby throws them around everywhere . Not the greatest toy .
 Dismal failure . Exactly what about this toy is supposed to be appealing ? -LRB- was a gift -RRB- It 's durability is unknown to me since it has yet to be played with .
 Not worth the time or money !! My child still has not played with this , and he 's had it for 6-8 months .
 Purchased this under `` New '' category ! This item came used and beat with dents in everything . The box it came in was damaged as well . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 Upon receiving my shipment , the packaging for the toy appeared to be used . The tape on the box was so old it was `` crusty '' and there was damage to the box itself . I ordered the toy as a gift and was embarrassed to give it . I opened the package just to be sure the toy itself was not in `` used '' condition like the box indicated . The toy itself was not very good quality at all . The bases were very flimsy and seemed like they could easily be pulled off by a younger child . I was very surprised as Fisher Price toys are usually very good quality . I would not recommend this toy .
 The toy looks cheap . Despite being sealed , my husband and I were sure something was missing , broken , or just not right with the item . I 'm not sure exactly what I expected , but it was certainly something more exciting and `` playful '' than what arrived .
 I kept on messing with the toy thinking there must be something else to it - but it 's just a bat , ball and stand . My 11 month old son likes hitting the ball -LRB- and has for a couple months -RRB- but he likes hitting anything with a bat . Not much to it , would n't recommend with so many other choices out there .
 My son got this for his 1st birthday and has now had it over 6 months . He has zero interest in it . The ball barely stays balanced on the top ... also , it is very small . Only good if the child is sitting , and once they have the coordination to hit it , they are simply to big to have interest . Very cheap and boring toy .
 This toy has four small plastic decorations which may come off when the child strikes the base instead of the baseball . The decorations are small enough for a child to choke on . On the toy I bought , the yellow decoration came off EVERY time the one-year old child hit the toy . I recommend removing these decorations before giving this toy to a child .
 This toy does not hold my 15 month olds interest . She does walk around with the ball , but that 's about it . The toy is much smaller than I thought it would be . It 's collecting dust .
 Dad played with it for 10 minutes . My one year old - zippo ! Do n't waste time or money with this toy . A boring dud .
 I bought this for my niece for Christmas when she was 6 months old . By the time she was old enough to swing the bat at the ball on the stand , she was too tall . The stand needs to be taller . I do not recommend this .
 This product was given to my son , who was at the time , 13 months old . Over the last 10 months , he has never given this toy more than a parting glance.Now , the red plastic bat has given him immense pleasure . The bat makes quite an instrument of terror when aimed properly at our poor unsuspecting animals . Now do n't call PETA , the red bat has been put away for the time being .
 This toy was given to my son when he was about 9 months old . He never played much with it . The bat became a weapon against our poor unsuspecting dogs too . -LRB- as another person had mentioned -RRB- the little shapes on the base do n't do anything . basically it just sits there.My son would hit it a couple times and then just leave it to rot . I would definilty not recogmend this toy .
 my daughter received this as a gift for her first birthday , and i must say it was very disapointing . giving her a plastic spoon to play with would have kept her more entertained . dont waste your money on this ! we 're hoping the toys r us store will take it back
 This did not work at all and my children were devastated . What a complete waste of money . : -LRB-
 I wish they would let me give this ZERO stars . I have to agree with all other reviews . This product is completely worthless . Only one marker worked out of the 6 it came with and started running out shortly after we started using it . Airbrush a t-shirt ? Give me a break . This would barely put color onto a piece of paper . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS !!!
 We had trouble getting it started , and the instructions say that you can use any wide-tip markers , and that is wrong ! I can not find any markers that will work as replacement markers . They are too fat around to go in , and this is very frustrating . If you have any ideas where I can get markers that will work . I would appreciate it . Thank you .
 Out of the box this product did not work well . Very little color came from the markers and eventually no color came from the markers . Instructions say any marker will work , but I can not find any that will fit into the air brush.Don ' t waste your money buying this worthless product .
 This product is awful . The first one hardly airbrushed any ink , and what it did washed out with the first washing . We returned it to Michael 's and the second one did n't airbrush anything ! I called the company listed on the box , Horizon Group , and they pretty much said too bad . We do n't carry it anymore , and do n't have replacement markers for it . They would not do anything to try to make it right . I would n't buy anything from this company again !
 We had the same problems with this item as everyone else . Our markers were nearly dried out and no other marker fit . We did n't get any color to come out at all . I threw the whole thing out and did n't bother trying to exchange it .
 My daughter just received this as a Christmas gift and was dying to try it out . The other reviewers seemed to have at least a little better luck than us - ours did n't work at all . She is now very disappointed . I gave it 5 stars for educational because my daughter learned a valuable lesson about product advertising - it can be very deceiving .
 The toy does n't even come close to the hype and advertising on the box . None of the pens worked out of the box . Blow air across the tip of a standard marker and call it an airbrush ? Come on , pull this product from the shelves now so many others do n't get taken advantage of by a marketing company in New Jersey who ca n't help you .
 Do not buy this toy !! It stinks and does not work . I 'd rate it ZERO . IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY !!
 I have to agree with her . this outfit IS pretty ugly . It dos n't even match !!!!!!!!!!!! UGLY ! and its a MICRO-MINI skirt -LRB- BRATZ never wear MICRO-mini skirts !! -RRB- - zoe !
 This outfit must be the most horrid outfit I have ever saw in my life .
 I ca n't believe that some My Scene people say that Bratz wear mini skirts and tight shirts . I mean , Look at THIS title of this toy : My Scene Goes Hollywood On-Screen Fashions
 When we first bough this toy , my son did n't really know how to get it to scoot across the room . He 's 20 months old now , and can really make it move . However , we 've taken it outside twice now , and both times he has fallen over the handle bars and hit his face on the ground . The first time he did it , he was going slightly downhill , so I gave the toy the benefit of the doubt . Also , my son was n't hurt too much . The second time he was moving along on a flat surface outside and went straight over the handle bars , hitting his face on the ground . This time was much worse , so after my son gets back from the pediatric dentist , this toy is going in the trash . My advice is to not let this toy off the carpet , and certainly not out of the house .
 Being a new mum with a fourteen month old son I , like many mums , look for an old household name like fisher price when purchasing toys and activity items for my child.I have been very disappointed with this ride on bike . My son jumps on and wants to scoot along with his bike , however this ride on is so light that it does n't push forward , instead it slides off to the side . very frustrating for a small child . Every attempt at play with this item has ended in the bike being discarded after a minute or two.It looks nice and the steering seems ok , it is just too light.This is not usual for fisherprice so hopefully a new improved version of this ride on will be introduced .
 We bought this for our son when he was one . Total dud . He is n't overly tall , but his feet kept hitting the front wheels . He tipped it over both frontwards and backwards just trying to ride it across the family room . I assure you he is completely coordinated in all other age-appropriate tasks . The design of this toy -LSB- is n't good -RSB- .
 is very small for children up to 15 months old , they can flip over .
 This ride on toy was given as a gift for my son 's first birthday . My son would rather push this toy around than to sit on it and take it for a ride . He 'd enjoy it if I were pushing him around but I 'd have to teach him to keep his feet up or it 'll hit the wheels . After minutes of pushing and my backaches , the fun is done and he just wanders off and looks for something else to play with . Also , this toy is very lightweight so when he tries to get on or off this bike without assistance , it 'll tip or slide , making him lose his balance and fall . There are other toys out there that would be more exciting and less painful .
 I bought this toy for my 18 month old son as he is quite small . The back wheels do not turn properly outside and they are very quickly wearing out as they are plastic . He is very frustrated with not being able to go anywhere when he rides it . Perhaps it is best used indoors as some of the other reviews suggest .
 AFTER I PURCHASED THIS TOY I FOUND OUT THAT IT REALLY IS N'T AS STABLE AS THEY ADVERTISE . MY CHILD EVEN FELL OFF OF IT WHILE TRYING TO GET ON IT . THE HANDLE BARS HARDLY EVEN TURN . I WAS TOTALLY UNSATISFIED .
 While my son was little -LRB- 10 months -RRB- it was fine . As he grew , it began to tip and send him over the handles . I recommend very close adult supervision .
 My child received the toy as a birthday gift . When she was 14 months old she tried it and had difficulty pushing it so she would stand up and fall straight forward . So I decided to put it away for 2 months . Now that she is 16 months she tried it again , but now her feet get stuck under the trike , and when she try 's to get them out or push she falls forward again , and my child is n't tall so it is not the height or weight . Personally of all the good fisher price toys I have bought this one is going in the trash . I will not let my child try it again .
 I disagree with other reviewers on this item . My son got hurt on it and started bleeding . If his weight was not 100-percent evenly distributed -- it flipped to the side on him . We ended up throwing ours in the garbage . A disappointment . While the plastic is sturdy , the design was flawed as far as our son was concerned . Was not worth saving for our second son . Other ride ons have not given us these problems as they seem to have better balance confirgurations for weight distribution .
 I purchased this toy over others after reading so many positive reviews . I am extremely disappointed with this toy . My son -LRB- 16 months -RRB- seemed to like it at first but it seemed he could only go backwards . When attempting to go forward his feet would get stuck by the wheels and the wheels barely turn as is . I should 've saved my money . It is a great toy if you want your child to just sit and go absolutely nowhere !!
 I do like this toy , however it 's already splitting behind the seat on the red part where the seams meet . My daughter rides it around the house and has a lot of fun but I 'm not sure how long it will last with the split in the back . I probably would n't buy this again because of that .
 My son and I were both unhappy with this ride-on toy . My son is 17 months old and is 34 inches tall - his legs were just too long for this toy . Not to mention that when he tried to scoot along on it , his foot kept getting caught in the rear wheel -LRB- also I noticed that the wheels do n't roll well at all -RRB- . Overall , it was a bummer ! If you have a much smaller child , I think this would work well , but if your child is a bit larger , I would not recommend it !
 Both my boys tried to ride this over and over with the same results . The ride-on is balanced so that a little too much pressure on the handle bars sends the kids over face first into the floor . I got tired of bruised faces and crying kids and got rid of it . Definitely disappointing .
 My Mom bought our son this for Christmas when he was 1 1/2 . He was n't at all interested in it . -LRB- He got two other ride-ons for Christmas that year . -RRB- It sat around the house for almost a year before he even noticed it and then he only used it to climb on the counters and get into the cupboards for chips and cookies ! Then when he decided to try to ride it , the wheels would stick and he ended up just scooting across the floor-no fun at all.We also noticed that it had a tendency to cause him to fall forward over the handle bars . The seat was too far from the handles and also had a large square `` bump '' sticking up in the front . We finally gave it away to charity - looking brand new .
 I bought this at a garage sale for 50 cents and it was a waste of money ! Within 2 days my fifteen month old flipped this toy twice , once on carpet and once on grass . We have 3 other ride on toys that my daughter loves and has never fallen off of but for some reason , this one flips easily . It is n't very sturdy and we 've already put it in a pile of things to sell at our next garage sale .
 My child loves to sit on this toy and push it , but she has gone forward over the handlebars a number of times when she actually tries to ride it forward -LRB- she was 12 mos . when we got it , and is now 18 mos . -RRB- . It is NOT as steady as the name . I would NOT let a child ride this alone EVER , even in the house.edited 12.08 ... now that I have 3 children , I can see that this is a sturdy outside toy . My other 2 children have not had problems with tipping or moving it forward , like my first child did . As an outside toy , it is very durable , and even though my current baby likes to stand on the seat , he has not gotten hurt on this , even if he falls in the grass . It has lasted better than some other toys we have had . It is safer as an outside toy , because there are too many sharp corners on furniture to fall on ...
 We bought this toy last year for our daughter 's first birthday . Although it is pretty stable , she could n't really push herself around . When she did start moving around she was pushing backwards -LRB- something that most children do first -RRB- and so she would run over her feet with those two wheels in the front . She is now two and a half - she can use it now , but rarely plays with it . She is ready for a `` real '' tricycle , and has little use for this one . I would say to skip this toy .
 My son received this as a gift when he turned one . Though he loved it when he frist got it his legs would n't touch the floor so I would push him around the house . Then all of the sudden -LRB- it seems like it -RRB- his legs were long enough , but he still ca n't ride it by himself he keeps kicking the front tires and he just ca n't get the hang of trying to sit while pushing his legs with the little bit of room that he has . Also , it seems like everytime he gets on or off it starts to tip over . I am not very happy with it and am glad I did not spend the money for it .
 My 3 year old daughter got this when she was 18 months old and has had tumble after tumble over the handle bars . Fisher Price should remove the ` steady ' part of the toys name . I will not be letting my new daughter ride it EVER .
 My son got one of these for Christmas . He was 9 months old . He will not ride on this thing . Everytime you put him on it he cries for you to get him off or he falls off and hits his head or something of that sort . He is now 13 months old and will not touch this . This toy may be fun for some kids but not for all . He has the hardest time moving on it when he does try to ride it , the wheels stick to carpet and will barely roll .
 My 18 month old daughter had a great deal of trouble riding this toy as well . She can get on and off of it easily , but gets frustrated after only a couple of minutes . Her feet are constantly getting caught in the rear wheels and the wheels do n't move well enough for her . It is pretty durable and easy to assemble , though , and it would probablly be excellent for younger , smaller children .
 Not meant for an athletically competent toddler ... too hard to ride well and fast . I bought this for my 17-month old . While it is true that it is easy to get on and does n't tip over , the wide wheels in the front mean that he ca n't really get his feet forward enough to push off well . He has to push off in choppy steps from the level of his body backwards , which is not satisfying for long . It 's his only trike right now , so he still likes it , but often he `` rides '' it by standing up and walking along with the trike between his legs , carried by his hands on the handlebars !
 My son got this last Christmas when he was 18 mos old , and he has never gotten very interested in it . It is very stable and safe , and therefore very easy to mount and dismount -- no challenge or learning opportunity . My son is really tall for his age , so the toy seemed kind of small for him right off the bat . I think he would have gotten more enjoyment from it when he was just starting to take steps and climb up onto things . It seems much better suited for younger , smaller kids .
 this item is obviously part of a very old edition or collectors edition . we could not find the doll or anything close to use this item . the description did not indicate this and we were under impression it was usable with regular Barbie dolls .
 I ca n't help but notice that every reviewer who has given this car a 5-star review , wrote their review a week or so after Christmas . About a week after Christmas 2006 -- when we gave this car to my son -- we , too , were thrilled with it . After all , it looks absolutely fantastic . Having stood only a few feet from the actual Le Mans C6R after which this car is modeled , I can tell you it is a clever and very faithful reproduction , visually . The car also comes with fun and exciting features like head and tail lights , a series of noises available for the driver , including start-up noise , engine revs , and a horn , a fully functioning clock radio , and even a retractable cup holder ! It is safe and entertaining in low gear -LRB- 2.5 mph -RRB- and it is downright thrilling in high gear -LRB- 5 mph -RRB- . Seriously , just looking at this beast in the garage makes me wish I was small enough to drive it myself.Give it a couple of months , though , and this Corvette will show you it is no Le Mans endurance winner . First to go was the battery . It turns out that this $ 80-something part is quick to develop a charge memory if you do n't carefully follow the copious instructions in the manual about when , how often and for how long to charge it . There are several pages of warnings about the battery in the manual , concluding with this gem
 This toy was all my husband 's idea and I was reluctant to let him get a 300 + corvette for a then 1 year old -LRB- 2 the next day but still ! -RRB- . But he bought it and my son loved it ! I moved a few days later and my son still enjoyed it but with it being just me I could never move the car out of the room to let him truly enjoy riding it but it did n't matter much to him , he still liked it.The problems arose with the charger , it broke within 3 months of having it but not totally so I was able to wrap some electric tape so that the car was still able to charge . However after a while the charge could n't hold anymore , its been nearly 3 years now and I am seriously debating on whether or not I want to just get rid of that monstrosity that takes up a good bit of my boys ' playroom or if I should fix it up for my now almost 5 year old . . after coming on here i 'm glad that there is really not much I couldve done to prevent what happened to the car . It really is nice looking but what a waste . .
 We purchased this vehicle in January 2007 and have had nothing but problems with it . The gearbox broke in 2008 and we had it covered under warranty . We brought it to an approved repair shop in our state . Got it home and it still would not work . Repair shop told us the battery probably discharged and to charge it up again . We did and it still would not work . Hauled it back to the repair shop only to have them tell us we did not have the battery hooked up , which is ridiculous because we did . Next to go was the battery , which you can not purchase at a store . Had to order through the company who made the car and with shipping spent $ 109 . Most recently the fuse blew and our neighbor was kind enough to fix it . And now the radio/clock does not work.Meanwhile , we also have a Polaris ride on quad , which uses a 12 volt battery , and it was purchased in 2006 . We have only had one recent problem with the vehicle . It is a tough little quad . So if I compare all the headaches of the Corvette vs. the Polaris , Polaris wins by a long shot.However , I do have to say that my son LOVES his car . He uses it every time we are outside and he is very happy with it -LRB- when it is working -RRB- .
 This car is completely useless and a waste of money . The battery is very touchy and if it is not charged in a meticulous manner it will not work again . There is no where to buy a replacement battery . It took me almost a year to locate an email address and telephone number for the company , and I have had no follow through from their customer service regarding my complaints . Do n't waste your money !
 This was our son 's Christmas '07 gift . We had it for three months when the car stopped working completely . We called Kid Trax , and they informed us that our motherboard was the problem . Since it was under warranty , they promptly sent us another one . Three months later , the same thing happened . We called Kid Trax again . They agreed to send us another motherboard since the corvette was still under warranty . However , this time , the customer service rep. accused us of misusing the car , e.g. driving the car up steep hills . We defended ourselves explaining that many other children on our street own Power Wheels vehicles and have not experienced ANY problems with their cars . It is now October , and our motherboard has gone out AGAIN . We are still under warranty , so we called Kid Trax . Our customer service rep told us that our account had been tagged with the phrase , `` Drives vehicle up steep slopes '' which is completely false . My husband argued with him , and we did get our third motherboard sent to us . The customer service rep. informed us that they will not send us a fourth motherboard . We will have to take it to a service center for repair.Kid Trax has never owned up to the fact that we , unfortunately , purchased a lemon . There was never an offer to replace our car . Kid Trax ' response was that we are causing the problems by misusing the car . I thought that parents should know this before buying this car .
 i have ordered this item to be delivered a few days before Christmas , as it requires assembly . The delivery was delayed and we were not notified . Finally the item was delivered Christmas Eve , however at that time we already purchased another one just like this , except it was red , from Toys R Us , it was $ 50 cheaper than Amazon 's price too . So it worked out for us , but sure added a lot of stress .
 While the toy gets put into the bath on a regular basis , there is usually little actual playtime with it . The hook on the end is a bit frustrating to use for little 2-year-old hands , and the rotating sleeper cabin piece is never used .
 This boat is adorable but it is n't seaworthy ! It capsizes with alarming frequency ! My daughter enjoys it , but mostly as a scoop for water .
 I was excited about purchasing this for my son , then we brought it home and found it sinks like a rock . It takes on water easily , the person is n't the quality we expected from Fisher-Price , it seems cheaper than older Little People . The dial to turn his bed to the sailors quarters is hard to turn-they could have made a better knob . I think older kids would like it more than the age they recommended it for . Why is it so hard to find good tub toys ?
 I got this from a Pampers offer for free -LRB- maybe a couple dollars for s & h -RRB- . I tried using it as a bath toy and a regular toy for my 14 month old . He 's never even looked at it . The biggest problem is what everyone already mentioned -- it does n't float and sinks immediately . The accessories that are supposed to stay on the hook do n't stay on the hook either . The best thing I can say is that you can use those floaty toys as teething rings for a younger baby .
 The boat does n't float and there 's not much else going on with it . My 19 month old played with it for about 8 seconds ... that 's it !
 My kids have a lot of basic bath toys such as plastic bowls and cups so I figured I would get them some real bath toys to play with ... well I might as well left this one on the shelves . It NEVER stays afloat , it just sinks to the bottom of the bathtub underneath all the bubbles and it gets forgotten about until I let the water out and pull it to shore . I agree with the other parents , the flip cabin is just useless . The only thing that gets played with is the little toys that came with it but the actual boat just stays outside the bathtub . I guess some kids just like it simple because they love the plastic cups and bowls from my kitchen rather than bath toys from the store .
 Horrid , horrid toy ! It tips at the slightest movement of water , then fills with water , then sinks . It has been nothing but a source of frustration for our son ! I love Fisher-Price , but this toy is NOT up to their usual standards . Oh , yes , it is well-made , in that my son has thrown it at the tub wall a kablillion times and it has n't shown the slightest sign of falling to pieces , but it honestly needs to be sent back to the drawing board for a little redesign . The only redeeming aspects are :1 -RRB- Sturdy2 -RRB- Little People can be used in other scenarios -LRB- Little People or otherwise -RRB- 3 -RRB- Nifty purple Hippo float DOES workUnfortunately , these just do n't make it worth the price , in my opinion .
 I think everyone deserves their money back on this one . How ironic they call it a floaty boat , when the darn thing sinks . I think fisher price should do the right thing here and give people their money back . Our 12 month old daughter does n't even have to be playing with the boat and it ends up at the bottom of the tub . Maybe fisher price should have called this one `` sinky boat . '' Sorry , Fisher Price , we like a lot of your products , but you really hit the bottom of the tub with this one .
 We love Little People and buy every playset we can get our hands on . I must say this toy was very disappointing . Not only does it not float , but it is a little hard for a child to play with . It comes with a fish and a hook for it to go on ... my 2 1/2 yr old gets so frustrated trying to get the fish to stay on the hook . He also seems to ge mad when it sinks in the tub and the people float away . We have kept this out of the tub and it mainly sits in the bottom of his toy box . Not one of our favorite Little People toys ... I would recommend that you not waste your money on this item .
 I bought this for my grandson for bath time and he does n't play with it . It 's really qite boring , it does n't do too much or have any options .
 This toy is marketed as a bath toy . However , the little guy that comes with it is not water friendly . He fills up with water and it is hard to get it out . Also the boat does not float very well . Very disappointing !
 My 18 month old daughter was very excited when we brought this home , but it quickly became a least favorite toy . It is cute , but only floats if you do n't touch it -LRB- silly me to think a water toy should be able to float -RRB- . The flip cabin is a useless feature . The hook on the end is frustrating for little hands and most often used to tip over the boat . A poorly designed toy that gets little playtime in or out of the bath .
 Buy your child ANY other bath toy but this one . As everyone else says -- it will NOT float . The fish is made of rather flimsy plastic and is difficult to refill . Float , etc which is supposed to hook on to fishing line will not stay attached . Really a lousy toy
 I was disappointed in how much my toddler enjoyed this toy . I thought he would get a kick out of banging in the pegs but that lasted for about 45 seconds and has been rarely played with . The pegs are difficult to bang in with a toddler 's dexterity . even though it is cheap , it is no bargain if it does n't get played with .
 We were a little disappointed with this toy . It is not quite as fun as the more traditional rainbow-colored stacking ring toy of the past . The see-through rings are a nice feature but the balls in each ring are exactly the same in each ring . The one feature of this toy which beats the old Rock-a-Stack Infant Toy is the soft plastic ball on top . My nine-month old loves to munch on it while my older son plays with the rings .
 I bought this dress up set for my 2 girls at Halloween . This item is in no way worth $ 30.00 , it 's cheap and flimsy . The dress is made of awful material and does not fit very well , the shoes are dreadful . I doubt that I will ever purchase anything from this line again.Celeste SweetingNassau , Bah .
 I bought this product from junkball -LRB- dot -RRB- com . It is advertised that it comes with a bat included and makes it seem like it actually calls out the balls and strikes . Neither of these things was true . It also claims that it `` sets up in seconds . '' This should not have been very hard . However , all the pieces do not fit together . This does not fit correctly unless you stretch it to the point that you feel like it is going to break . When you are finally finished it stands on two highly wobbly legs and really lives up to its name
 Received this as a gift and the animals were so small it became a choking hazard . I wound up not even letting my six month old play with the toy and eventually threw it away when my eldest lost all the animals . Now that I see how expensive the toys was .
 I do not recommend this toy . By the time your child is old enough to manipulate the tiny keys , they will find the presentation too juvenile . More importantly , the edges are dangerously sharp .
 My niece received this toy for Christmas . I was very disappointed with the safety of this toy . The edges are too sharp . After playing with it for 5 minutes , my daughter got her finger caught in one of the doors and screamed for 10 minutes . I would not recommend this toy to anyone . We are going to return it and get something safer .
 The animal shapes are barely recognizable at the top of this Gazoobo and too difficult for a toddler . My 2 year old loves the key ring , but fitting the small keys into their respective small key holes is beyond her toddler capability . There is no provision to attach the key ring to the gazoobo , so the parts can not be stored neatly together . The Chicco Crank n Spin is much more fun and easier to use . The classic Tupperware , blue and red , shape sorter is best for more advanced sorting . I do not recommend the Gazoobo .
 We purchased this toy when our toddler -LRB- age 2 -RRB- was ready to do more than just sort shapes -- we were attracted to the keys and the color coding . Unfortunately , the keys are too intricate and the shapes are too weird and/or close-fitting for easy use . Oddly , the complex animal-shaped holes are on the roof of the house while the simpler holes are on the doors where they are harder to reach . We shelved the Gazoobo and purchased a similar toy with simpler keys and shapes . The Gazoobo may come out again at 30 or 36 months .
 By no fault of the site or vendor , I puchased this for my granddaughter 's Barbie Doll . It is for a larger Barbie ... will be way too big for the regular Barbie Doll .
 This toy is just that , a toy . It only has a rudder control and you have to adjust the trim manually . This means that if you throw it and it does n't go up , it will go down , HARD . As did mine on the first try . It 's nose broke off but it still flew after adjusting the trim . The fully charged battery lasts about 3 minutes which is just about enough time to crash it 3 more times . I must say that even though the nose , cockpit and tail broke off , the wings stayed in good shape and I think it will fly again with the scotch taped up parts . Good luck with this one .
 I got this plane for a christmas present , I got the pee wee flyer and not the fighter , but as i see , they have an almost exact same design . The first times i flew the plane , i could not get it much farther than 10 feet before it plummeted to the ground -LRB- and usually broke the prop -RRB- . Luckily , the plane comes with 4 or 5 extra props , but they are very flimsy and can not survive many grass crashes . after breaking about 2 props , we got the hang of the take off , and got it to fly for a good 30 feet before a landing , but after our success , on the next flight , it his a tree which bent the extremely delicate wing . the rubber bands holding the wing on ripped through the wing on our next flight , and i repaired the wing with packaging tape which seemed to work quite well . I used the rest of the props up on flights in a field which was a bit dissapointing , overall it only lasted 1 day . I rate this a 2 because of its short flight time -LRB- 15 seconds maximum -RRB- and the extremely delicate prop and wings . if you buy one , i would reccomend purchasing some extra props from the estes website , they only cost 79 cents , and tape up the wing to make your plane more durable , do not overlap though because the little motor can not handle too much weight . Overall , an exciting plane for an afternoon , but not great for long .
 My mother in law bought this fire truck for my son and he loves it . It is a shame that before a year I had to replace the battery causting me $ 80.00 . Than the gear on the back driver side stripped . The only place to get parts is from hong kong and that took 3 months costing $ 50.00 . Less than a month after repairing the gear they are making a horrible noise and are stripping again . I give up ! It is a shame my son loves it but I would not recommend this tide on toy to anyone . We have had a 4 wheeler and a barbie jeep for years with no trouble at all . Think before wasting your money , it is n't worth the aggrevation .
 We purchased the Kid Trax Fire Engine for Christmas last year . It works great and we have lots of fun until we needed to replace the battery . Try to find replacement batteries and that 's when the fun stops . No store carries them -LRB- Not found in Toys R Us , Radio Shack , Walmart , Target -RRB- . We spent $ 350.00 last year -LRB- with a coupon -RRB- and I just spent $ 82.00 for a new battery -LRB- $ 69.00 plus $ 13.00 shipping -RRB- . Most replacement batteries for other vehicles cost around $ 30.00 . Think about that before purchasing .
 We purchased a Kid Trax Fire truck from Toys R Us in 2008 . Our two children loved it and used it a lot that year . It was a pain but we loaded and unloaded to take it everywhere . We put it away for winter in our basement and pulled it out n 2009 . It ran a little but kept dying fast . We latter found that the battery was not holding a charge for long , 10 to 15 min max. , and then it would take 4-6 hours to charge it . We decided it was time to get a new battery . SO ... . we went back to Toys R us to get one only to be told that do not carry that brand , and could not get us a battery . So with the invention of the Internet , we got on Kid Trax web site , which is a division of Dornal Industries , Which is owned by Pacific Cycle , but is made in China . -LRB- See where I 'm going with this -RRB- after all was said we found we were able to order the battery from them on there web site . the cost was 80.00 and we added it to out on line cart . When we went to check out the total was almost 197.00 I thought I must have clicked too many , but that was not the case . Shipping was from China , and it was 117.00 , and it would take 8-12 weeks to arrive . -LRB- Dam talk about a slow boat from china -RRB- I guess UPS dose not cover that part of china . We decided not to purchase it , and it Sat all summer of 2009 with out use . Late in 2009 , I started reading web site reviews about problems with this Co , and there kid cars , and getting batteries . There is several out there on how to convert the battery over to a Power wheels battery , however this too could be costly , unless you find someone getting rid of an old 12 V vehicle that you can operate on and remove the Plug connection from . I personally would never purchase a Kid Trax , Dornal Industries , Pacific Cycle Child Vehicle again . POWER WHEELS is the way to go , they have service centers all over the US . -LRB- However none of which will sell me the part I need to convert my Kid Trax to there battery -RRB- On a better note I did find a company that will refurbish my existing battery for 44.00 . They open up my sealed battery and remove the dead cells and replace them with new cells and then seal up the battery again . They are called battery Plus . Check them out at -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We received this as a Christmas gift and it was great for the short time it actually worked . Like other reviewers , we had similar battery issues -LRB- not available at any retail stores , took months to recieve the replacement , battery very expensive , etc. -RRB- , but also other mechanical problems . Suffice to say , my kids now enjoy just `` pretending '' the thing works and playing in the fire truck and on the fire truck , since the fire truck itself has n't run for over a year . Defintely not worth the money .
 We ordered this fire truck for our two year old for Christmas . It arrived on December 21st completely damaged ! The left rear was bashed in resulting in sharp shards of plastic jutting out . We are very upset and now have to figure out how to get a new one in time for Christmas ! The website now says they are out of stock and the shipping company refuses to overnight to us unless we pay for it ! Now we are not sure how we are going to save Christmas for our 2 year old !!
 I would have rated this more stars if the replacement parts were easier to find . It 's a cute little truck and my kids love it ... but when I started trying to replace the battery after it died , I started finding all these reviews similar to my own about how the batteries wear out and ca n't be replaced . The battery is made by Safety First and is a 12 volt battery , which in itself is n't hard to find . But they have a proprietary plug on it so that you ca n't just get any generic 12 volt battery ... you have to get that brand and its impossible to find ... even if you go to the Safety First website you ca n't find it . If you are lucky enough to find one , they cost about $ 90 plus shipping/tax . I did have an excellent customer service experience at Battery Giant , however . I found a generic 12 volt battery and they asked me to send in my old Safety First battery and they retrofitted the plug for me onto the new battery from the old one so I could use it ! For FREE ! It was $ 40 plus shipping and I had to pay a few bucks to ship the old battery back , but it saved me a lot of money on buying the Safety First brand and they shipped it back to me very quickly . -LSB- ... -RSB- I now check to see how easy the battery replacement is when I buy toys like this .
 This thing is a bigger tease than most strip clubs . Has all of the extra doo-dads -LRB- lights , siren , PA/microphone , water gun -RRB- that most other ride-ons do not . Unfortunately , the quality of this thing does not match those of even the most basic ride-on , non-battery powered vehicles . Within 2 DAYS of normal use by 1 3year old child , the fire truck developed stress cracks in the body along the sides of the inside of walls near the footwell . They looked to be heading down to the floor , who knows if they would stop there . There was absolutely no damage to the sides of the box at all when it was unpacked , and for this to occur with a solitary 35lb . rider is absolutely inexcusable . The water reservoir tank ruptured its seal the second time it was refilled and pumped . And you can forget about customer service stepping up to the plate and honoring their warranty ... they were very slow to respond if at all , said it would take them a week to review the photos of the stress cracks -LRB- though it appeared the same customer service rep was judge/jury -RRB- , and seemed intent on blaming it on a shipper issue beyond their control . No thanks , I 'm not wasting my money on something this expensive , only to have my kid get more disappointed by the day .
 We purchased this toy after my daughter enjoyed playing with this at my sister 's house . In spite of reading the reviews stating this toy did n't always work , we purchased it ... and , of course , it did n't work properly . Only one side was blowing bubbles and they were very , very weak . I spoke with my sister and she admitted that her bubble machine has good days and bad days . Needless to say , we returned it .
 I was quite disappointed with this product . To start , it was shipped via DHL , which is a highly inempt service . Had it been shipped via the Post Office , I would have received it one week earlier . When I finally received the Bubble Machine , the package indicated that it had been previously opened . My suspicions that this product was not new but used were confirmed when I found scratches throught the machine . I am quite angry that I paid for a brand new unit but got a used one instead . I rate the operation of the Bubble Machine as only being marginal . I would definately recommend NOT purchasing this prioduct and NOT using this company .
 This machine blows alot of bubbless , but spits solution everywhere !!! It makes any area a `` hazard '' . It 's horrible for kids or adults . The area where the bubbles were blowing was so slippery that 2 children slipped and fell !! I had to put sand down so no one else would fall !!!! Good idea , Bad Product . Needs fine tuning .
 I purchased this for my son 's 1st birthday party to entertain the little ones . I opened it the morning of the party and set it up , it worked for 5 minutes and the fan went out ! I was so upset !!! I suggest you do n't buy it if you want durability .
 cheap cheap spits bubble fluid bad design a bubble blower i bought in the kid 's isle in Walgreens last Summer is better built .
 Not satisfied at all with this bubble machine . Looks very cheap . It says it operates on batteries and it will NOT work unless its plugged in and this defects the purpose of me purchasing a PORTABLE bubble machine for my daughters birthday party . Also it says it comes with bubbles and there were no bubbles included .
 I had high hopes for this machine , however , I was quickly disappointed when it began foaming and dripping everywhere . I thought it was the bubbles I used but I tried 3 different varieties and had the same mess . The machine makes great bubbles but it is a little noisy . Definitely not for inside .
 I purchased this product for my son 's 5th birthday , but am not at all happy with it . I wish I had the time to return it.Although its a lot of fun , once you switch it on . It can be very messy to refill the tray and also the bubble liquid is in an open tray so there is a concern of tipping over and making a mess .
 If I could give a big fat ZERO , I would . Gave to my niece who is 5 , average height , VERY thin . She LOVES playing princess . She put on the shoes - the little decorations broke off immediately = on all four shoes ! Putting the dresses on was a nightmare - WAY too small . Actually , it was the taking it off that was worse ! One of the dresses ripped -LRB- they are made of extremely flimsy material -RRB- on the sleeves . save your money and go to a fabric store , make the kid a toga with some organza - it will fit , it wo n't tear , will look better , and the child most likely will love it . Instead of being disappointed because the cr@p does n't fit !
 This game is lots of fun but I was VERY shocked that it did not come with all the pieces and many duplicates of the properties . We are missing one Washington property card . We also have numerous duplicates of some properties .
 Good concept . My 9 year old loved the idea as he is a big Monopoly fan . However , there are cards missing and several misprints on the cards and board . I would not recommend purchase until the company fixes the issues . In addition , the state in which the contents are put together is not professional . Items are thrown into the box without any organization . Stick with Hasbro and Monopoly .
 Where do I begin ... . First off , I really ca n't comment on game-play because the poor condition in which the `` new '' game arrived from the `` factory '' rendered it unplayable . The game arrived `` brand new '' and factory sealed , but when I opened the box it looked like a third grader haphazardly tossed pieces and cards into the box . Some of the properties had duplicate property cards , other properties on the board had no corresponding property cards . The dice were obviously purchased from the lowest bidder ; they were paper light and one was cracked beyond repair . I honestly would n't be surprised if the player tokens actually have lead particles floating in them as well . The `` airline '' travel cards had numerous written mistakes . The `` currency '' tray did not have enough slots for the various denominations included with the game . Varying ink tones and paper stocks are used for the game cards even when they are of the same category . This game is unplayable and was not a cheap purchase . My guess is that someone in a `` business major '' came up with this idea for a class project after one too many party drinks and made a poor attempt to market it to the public . What I am left with is an expensive and useless piece of junk taking up space and collecting dust on my gaming shelf.I would not purchase this shoddily prepared game if I found it half-off at a bargain garage sale . DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY !
 This game was so cheaply made that the paper money will probably tear after 1 play . In fact , the game board came with a noticeable tear on it.But the horrible durability is the least of this game 's defects . It has so many mistakes in the rules , cards , and on the board , that it is literally unplayable . Properties on the board do not have corresponding cards , properties are misnamed , money values are messed up ... I could go on and on about the errors throughout this game . My teen received this as a Christmas gift , and got so frustrated with the errors in the game that we stopped playing and decided to return it . Worst part - we could n't return it because we opened the box.Don ' t waste your money on this useless , terrible game .
 As another reviewer state there are several cards with incorrect descriptions , the cards do n't even match up with the properties.There were so many inaccuracies between the cards and the board game it did nothing but give me a and my fellower board gamers a headache.After realizing that we were n't going to get anywhere with the cards not matching the board game we eventually gave up.I sit and wondered how a game could be put out not even being properly made , did they not double check and look at the product they were producing ? I guess not.Although it is a good concept , it is pretty much monopoly with 3 boards and the non-official rules some or most play by . I ; m sure we would have had fun had the game been produced by those of higher intelligence . However it was n't . I would n't buy or recommend to anyone.Save your money and buy regular monopoly and play by the non-official rules .
 Tripoloy is a good idea . Monopoly is fun , therefore expanding on the concept should result in additional fun for all , right?In truth , the game does include some interesting mechanics and fun ideas , but these are grossly overshadowed by a lack of attention and what surely was a rushed , if not non-existent playtesting session . Multiple cards are incorrectly printed . The levels , though amusing , are annoyingly difficult to navigate and attaining any sort of monopoly associated with end-game mechanics is an exercise in frustration . Cash flow is severely one-sided ; all but the most conservative of players will quickly find themselves strapped for cash . Combined with a few smaller issues , this is less a game and more a job.With some heavy application of house rules , the game holds promise . Out of the box , though , it is a mess . I could recommend this game to someone interested in fixing it , but to anyone looking for a good family game , just stick with the original Monopoly , or one of its many themed clones .
 I was very happy when I first recieved the box with my `` New '' game . Amazon packed it very well and had plenty of packaging in the box to protect it . The game box itself only had one small dent on the corner.Once I opened the box , I was very disappointed with the manufacturer . The property cards and the `` Triopoly money '' was thrown in the box like a four year old had been playing with it and just thrown it all back in the box . The play money had a piece of thin cardboard attached to the back of each denomination and was fastened with rubber bands . However , since it had not been packed well , it moved around so much that the money came out of the packs and was bent up and some were even torn . I could n't tell if the property cards had been rubberbanded because none of them were together . In the Hasbro/Parker Brothers games , the cards and money are wrapped in celafane to keep this from happening and protect them.Next I started to look at the gameboards . The two smallest looked good . When I went to unfold the largest board , I noticed a bulge on the black backing . The backing was coming off of the gameboard !!!!! This seemed to be a problem on the inside fold where they cut the board for folding . The print side of the board itself looks alright.Obviously , Reveal Entertainment , Inc has a good concept but , the quality control is just not there . They should look at Hasbro/Parker Brothers products a little more closely and use the quality as an example for their product and packing.Hopefully I can carefully reattatch the board with some glue and it will be ok . As far as the playing pieces go , the plastic looks ok The `` pewter '' , well they are n't they best looking playing pieces . And , as one other reveiwer stated , they may be more lead than pewter . I do n't know . They just look cheap and are n't the shinny and well defined pieces that you usually get.I was very disappointed with the lack of quality control and the lack of concern in packing the pieces . Of course I looked on the box and found it was made in China . I wo n't say anymore on that !! Update : After going through all the property cards I found that I have 6 cards that are duplicates . That also means that I have 6 cards that are missing !!! I also found one of the cards for San Francisco that is labeled El Camino Real . However , on the board , the property is a duplicate . Yes , I have two properties labeled Powell Street.All I can say is there is very little in the way of quality conrol here . After looking them up on the internet , I have tried to call the company twice and all I get is an answering machine . They do n't put an e-mail address on the web-site . I have left two messages . I am going to wait a couple more days to see if they return my call and what they will do to help me but , I am not hopeful.Update number 2 : I made a third unsuccessful attempt to contact Reveal Entertainment and have waited a few more days . I actually called more than that but only left 3 messages on their answering machine . I have yet to speak to anyone so , since I do want to play this game , I am left to fend for myself and try to fix the mess they sent me . That means I will have to fix one of the properties on the board -LRB- the duplicate -RRB- and make 6 property cards before I get to play . What a shame that this is the product and the service you get from them . I am really disappointed and should n't have to do all that for something that I paid good money for . I would send it back for a replacement but , I 'm afraid I will get the same thing -LRB- or worse -RRB- . I have ordered Monopoly The Mega Edition and believe that the quality is a lot better and will get to actually enjoy my purchase without having to fix it first .
 This is the worst board game I 've ever played -LRB- and having played over 200 board games , I should know -RRB- . While the game had a huge amount of potential , due to poor planning and thought put into it by the game designers , it comes off as being a hack . Cards have incorrect descriptions on them , mathmatics of the game are horribly inaccurate -LRB- purchase price for properties , rents paid out , and cost of improvements have no intelligent basis . pull out a regular monoploy board and compare . -RRB- . If you must choose between buying this game and buying $ 35 worth of toilet paper and burning it , go with the latter . I wish I had .
 The company from whom I bought this product treated me very fairly . I told them that I would remove this review , which I thought I did . Strangely , I came across it again today . Ignore it , please .
 My 4 year old received this set as a gift . She is very into dress-up , so this was a huge disappointment . The box states that it fits size 3 to 6x . The dress is way too small for my 4 year old , and the slippers that come with are way too big for my 6 year old !! I see the price they want for this , and even if it fit , it 's NOT worth $ 20 . I gave the product 3 stars for durability , but we really do n't know because we will try to return . It is $ 20 for the word ` Barbie ' on the box , not for what 's inside . Sad ...
 My four-year-old daughter received the Bride outfit for Christmas , and put it on right away . She wears a size six . The dress fit - barely , but was too short and so tight that it was uncomfortable for her . However , it fits her four-year-old friend fine . Do n't buy this unless your daughter wears a size four or under .
 I brought this item for a 3 year old and it doesnt fit at all , It more for a 1-2 year old .
 This wagon is n't as great as it should be for the price . My son hates it because he ca n't turn it , so front heavy . I do n't like it because when the sides are removed the end gate does n't remove so you ca n't use it without the sides .
 I should have contacted the seller first and asked questions . It does not run on batteries . It works only by continually squeezing the trigger . Not easy for a 3 Y.O. . The light is not bright and it makes no noise . The light is made by sparks from a grinding wheel inside . If you want a gun from the 50 's made of tin that is sort of quiet this is it . If you want bright lights and some noise choose something else .
 We purchased this toy for your 4 year old . He loves Rescue Heroes , but this toy does n't get much use . It is very difficult to put any figure in the seat . It takes a lot of effort to make the blades spin , and they spin for only a short time for each pull . Finally , it is awkward to hold and `` pretend-fly '' with , as there is n't any convenient handle .
 I should have read the reviews before buying . This toy is incredibly poorly designed . My 3 year old son needs help with every aspect of it . It is hard even for me to fit the Rescue Heroes in , the rescue hoist rope is very difficult to play with , my son likes the toy , buy unless you have lots of time to play with it also , do not buy it . I am just waiting for the chance to get rid of it !
 My 4 year old has a lot of Rescue Heroes toys . We have been very happy with them until this point . This helicopter was a waste of money ! He has a difficult time getting the figures into it . Then when he finally gets them in they fall out . There is no where to secure the figure into it . The windshield falls off very easy and the bottom part will not stay clicked into place . I would not recommend this toy at all .
 My son has several rescue heroes vehicles and this is his least favorite of all . Like others have said the hero falls out easily once he 's placed inside , the windshield pops off constantly , and the propeller blades do NOT stay on at all either . Not only is he frustrated with this toy but then I become frustrated from having to fix it a million times . This is definately not worth the money ... you 're better off getting the fire truck or police vehicle . . they provide much more enjoyment !!
 I have purchased alot of rescue heroes for my 5 year old son and most of the products have been very durable . This was a complete waste of money . It fell apart the first day , and it 's never been back together . He stopped playing with it after the first day .
 THIS IS A NICE ADDITION TO THE SET . ALTHOUGH IT DOES N'T HAVE NOISES OR LIGHTS . IT IS NOT REAL THRILLING TO A CHILD , UNLESS THEY HAVE A GREAT IMAGINATION . MY CHILD DOES N'T USE IT THAT MUCH .
 This is the worst toy in my son 's extensive rescue heroes collection . He finds it endlessly frustrating . The windshield comes off constantly and when he pretends to fly the helicopter , the action figure immediately falls out . For some reason this is the only vehicle where the figures do n't lock in and its the only one without sides . I am very disapointed .
 I bought this for xmas last year for my 5 yr . old . The pull string got stuck out -LRB- which keeps the blades from spinning -RRB- the very first day . Although we fixed it it continues to do it . It is VERY difficult to get a rescue hereo into the seat , ca n't be done by a child . And the helicopter is not balanced very well so when you put it on the landing pad of the command center it is very easy to knock it off , which is rather dangerous because it is a fairly large item . We like other pieces much better . Maybe the fire helicopter works better .
 If I could give this toy no stars for durability I would . It was broken within days . My son loves the Rescue Heroes toys . We have never had a problem with any of the other toys in this series and I would highly recommend them . However , save your money and do n't buy this one .
 This is the worst Rescue Hero accessory ! The windshield pops off and wo n't stay back on , the helicopter blades do the same thing and now finally the pullstring has broken . It is going to the garbage as we speak . Otherwise , we LOVE Rescue Heroes !
 Hello , I purchased the Fisher Price Quick Response Helicopter at Christmas , keeping it until my grandson 's 4th birthday . He likes action toys and I thought this would be perfect for him . However , the retracting pack holder and the rescue rope were missing from the package . I notice right away for a small child , the helicopter does not stand alone , except when on the platform . The plastic cover over the seat comes off too easily , also . We both are disappointed in the new product . We have n't been able to use the retracting pack , since it is missing . Thanks ! Bette Somers
 The pull string never worked . My son also has the Rescue Hero Tower , with the helicopter pad on top , which this Rescue Hero Helicopter does not stand on . What is the point ?
 I purchased this Item for my nephews after purchasing it for my own son , in which he did n't recieve his at all After reviewing it and hearing the complaints of my nephews that the heroes would fall out when helicopter is move right or left.Unlike the jet it does n't have somewhere to plug the heroes in for security or protection of falling out . The jet is wonderful , the helicopter just needs a plug , than it too will be a great toy.I 'm waiting for it to be made better , than I too will repurchase this item .
 I purchased this item for my 9 year old daughter . We have the command center and voice tech jet and also quite a few of the hero figures . I thought she would enjoy having the helecopter to play with as well . This item disappointed me alot . It just sits in her closet not being used . The idea of this product was great and I thought it would be alot of fun . However , my nine year old can barely put the figure into the helecopter , I have to help her and even I have trouble . Then when you want to play with it you have the problem of trying to hold it in the air . It is not made child friendly and the only time the blades spin is when you pull out the rescue rope and only spins for a short time.I feel this item should be redesigned . The product should have a flip out handle for the child to hold onto , like the rescue heros voice tech jet . The product should be made so you can easily hold it up in the air and the product should have a button on the pull out handle to push when ever the child wants the blades to spin . We like rescue heros products . That is why I did not read the reviews on this item , I just clicked on my keyboard and put it in my shopping cart . This was abig mistake on my part . From now on I will always read the reviews on a product before I purchase it . Thanks Amazon for having the customer ratings for your customers . I will not overlook them next time , they are very helpful when deciding to purchase a item . I also now know that just because you have been happy in the past with a particular line of toys does not mean that everything in their line will be just as good . I would pass on this one if I were you , Unless you do n't mind spending your money on a toy that your child will probably not play with due to the fact that it 's too akward and hard to play with . It 's good for collecting dust in the closet .
 I was n't the brightest when purchasing this , it looked so big in the picture and I love Patrick so I got this for my 2-year-old . He has never been interested in cuddling or using it in pretend play . He does love throwing him though ! So there 's a positive . But note this is a beanie baby and he 's very small !
 We love playing cranium and expected this game to be even better , but when we opened the box there were no green turbo rally cards . It is no fun to play w/o all the cards . We were given two decks of red cards instead . I am SO VERY DISAPPOINTED ! I am currently trying to contact the manufacturer to correct the problem , but still , the ordeal has been a waste of my time .
 If you like the original game play , this edition is not for you . The different board set up and the timer that controls the category kinda sucks . It is nice to have the new cards but I like the way the original board was set up . Hard to play some of the new categories with just a team of two . Better off with the original game .
 The obnoxious timer plays horribly obnoxious music . I had to open up the thing with a screwdriver and cut the wires to the little speaker . It was easy to but annoying.otherwise it is a great game , but if you sdont want to do surgery get the regular edition .
 i bought a game almost like this one for my 2 year old.for her b-d this summer . it said 3 + up.she like the game.it had farm animals on it . got it used.it was all made out of cardboard . if you have a little one who chows things still . i would wait tell they our over 3 years old to play animal bingo.if you can find plastic amimal bingo if they make it . it will be better.but if i was to bought this new and cheap . i will put it away tell they stop chewing . you will waste money in the chowing stage . i know half the game is no good she mess it up by ripping it up or marking it up or chewing it and eating it.better wait tell they stop chewing to play this game or any game is cardboard . do not buy tell the child is not chewing thing up . you will waste money ...
 If you were a child of the 80 's who played with the original Strawberry Shortcake , do not look to these new editions to inspire nostalgia ! While cute , they do not resemble the lovable girl in the green and white tights . The new Strawberry is updated , wearing modern jeans , a striped t-shirt and her trademark pink hat . Needless to say , when I saw the new dolls at a local retailer , I was disappointed . If looking to recapture your childhood , best to skip these dolls and opt for other 80 's nostalgic toys .
 Had I written this review some 17yrs ago , I might have give it 5 stars across the board . Strawberry Shortcake was sweet , and adorable . However , I 'm annoyed at the rebirth of all these toys that first came about in the 80 's -LRB- ie
 My 11 month old daughter got this toy as a Christmas present and she HATES it . She is normally not scared of loud noises or anything else for that matter , but she is terrified of this toy . She cries whenever I turn it on , so for now it 's sitting in the closet until she gets older . Maybe she will like it better then . It 's TOO LOUD and the balls fly everywhere but back into the toy .
 This toy scared my 11 month old son . It was too difficult for him to keep track of the balls and it overwhelmed him . Also , the music and blowing sound are very loud and annoying . It 's in the closet until he 's older .
 I bought this popper for my 8 1/2 month old , thinking he would love the popping balls . It probably would have been okay , but the vacuum sound scared him silly ! As soon as I pushed the red plunger and the vacuum started , he cried hysterically . I even tried it a few times , just to see if he would get used to it , but no luck . I might have kept the product until he was older to see if he liked it then , but whenever I turned it on , the balls kept popping out and it was very annoying . I could see losing the balls within a few days as well as the cats getting ahold of them . Good idea , but fix the sound issues and the balls popping out !
 My child got this toy for her birthday in November and loves it . She would play with it constantly . It does come apart and I have to put it back together all of the time . The other day though -LRB- in December mind you -RRB- I turned it over to get the balls out and it broke . Now she sits crying that the balls would not pop out . I do n't know where to take it back to and I do n't have the box . So I guess she will be geting a new one for Christmas .
 My son received this for his first birthday as a gift . I thought he would love it by the looks of it but after putting it together , which was pretty easy , once you turn that thing on it 's crazy . You have to chase the balls everywhere . He just looked at the toy and probably was n't sure what to do with it . He grabbed the balls and did put them in the right spots but chasing the balls around was no fun every two seconds . Maybe older children benefit from this toy more . They can chase the balls themselves ha ha .
 I bought this for my 10 month-old son but its a bad choice . There is not much to do with this toy , no input for the little ones , just pop and the ball goes up and down by itself that 's the only delight to see . Plus it uses up batteries which are size `` D '' -4 of them which is not less than $ 5-6 . I m just gon na return it .
 I purchased this toy for my daughter last year when she was 22 months old . It 's a good idea but there were several things that I did n't like about it . First , it 's a very noisy toy . It has a blower on it -LRB- to blow the toys in the air -RRB- along with the very loud music . Between both , it 's like having a blow dryer on . Also , it 's very heavy . Much to heavy for a just walking toddler . My daughter was a little older and would try to pick it up and a couple of times dropped it on her toe ... tears !! Furthermore , it really blows the balls around so of course you are fetching the balls from under the sofa or chair .
 Bought this for my 1-year old 's birthday . I seem to have a different problem than other reviewers . The balls do n't pop out the top of mine . Either the fan is misdirected or not strong enough . Sometimes the balls come out the other end -LRB- at the bottom of the ramp -RRB- and you ca n't push them in because of the fan pushing them out . It almost works in reverse.I 've emailed Playskool directly about the problem as I have already discarded the box & receipt . Not sure I really want a replacement because although it looks fun , the music is LOUD !
 Got this toy as a gift -- I put it together , and it was LOUD like many people have mentioned . I did n't see the point of the toy actually because it did n't seem to be set up to engage a baby except to have a baby try to grab the balls when it 's being shot up the tube . I guess some kids may like to play with it anyway , but I really ca n't see the point , and I 'd rather my baby play with something where she can learn something .
 an okay toy ... nothing to jump out of ur seat for tho ... my son plays with it for about 5 mins ... and plays more with the on/off button when he does ... nonetheless ok toy ... btw ... my balls were different to the ones in the photo ... no biggie just an observation ...
 My one year old boy sat through an entire dinner party playing with this game -- it must have been two solid hours of concentration ! I am bringing this toy everywhere I need a moment 's peace !
 Today my 18 month old had a sickening accident reaching into the tube where the balls go . She toppled over screaming in agony and I thought her arm must be broken as I extracted the toy from her arm Luckily she escaped with just marks and bruises on her upper arm . I ca n't believe this thing is being sold . The designer must be an imbecile and it should be discontinued . So many similar stories here of kids getting their arms stuck . Do n't risk your kids safety . Avoid this toy it is dangerous .
 My husband bought this toy for my 11 month old daughter and she hated it . She is so used to playing with wooden toys that she just started at this toy because of the high level of noise it makes . There is a motor on it that is so LOUD . This toy has no educational value and I put it back in the box . I would rather buy a wooden toy that elevates her imagination and creativity .
 This toy looks like it would be fun , but we never gotthat far . It was shipped broken . The fan did n't workwhich made the balls pop . I ended up returning it to adifferent store .
 I bought this for my 14-month old for Christmas . I had been looking for something with a series of ramps , but this is the closest I could find . So after we realized it takes 4 D-cell batteries , we turned it on . The air compressor/fan starts up and plays some music . It is really loud , and scared my daughter the first few times we ran it . You push the red button , and it goes by itself . No interaction , besides pushing the button ! The balls pop up , and either roll back down the ramp or bounce out and across the floor . You have to keep all five balls in to keep it going smoothly , and even then it 's not a guarantee . It goes on like this for about 20-30 seconds , then you have to fill it up again -LRB- if you can find all the balls that rolled away -RRB- to start it again.So , she likes to play with the balls by themselves , or put them down the chute when the toy is off . I think she might get to like it after getting used to it , which is the only reason I have n't returned it . It 's not a very educational toy in my opinion . I wish it had been a little more interactive .
 This thing honestly gives me an anxiety attack every time it 's on ! Between the spastic music and the balls flying everywhere , it gets quite intimidating . My son likes it for about 2 minutes and also gets irritated with all the balls flying uncontrollably everywhere . When I purchased this , I thought the balls were a little more controlled , maybe just popped up in the air a little and back down into the funnel thing , but NO ! They go EVERYWHERE ! All over the room ! You spend more time chasing than you do watching . We finally put him and the toy in one big box , just to control the balls , and he liked that better . Ugh , I wish I would n't have bought it ...
 While this toy looks fun and entertaining , it failed to live up to our expectations . The balls fly off the track ALL the time . My kids enjoy putting other small toys down the track more than they enjoy watching the balls . There is nothing interactive about it - it requires that kids just sit back and watch . There are a lot of other toys out there for this money that kids can actually play with and learn from .
 The balls go flying out of the machine all over the floor . Usually , they do NOT return into the machine and pop back out . It was not fun chasing the balls everywhere . The motor is SO loud that you can barely hear the music ! It scares my 8 month old but my 8 year old neice loves it ! Glad it was on clearance at Wally World .
 I bought this toy for my son for Christmas . He is 17 months old . I rotate his toys so he does n't get bored , and I pulled it out today for the first time in a month . He was so enthralled with chasing the balls that he somehow stuck his arm into the tube and got it stuck completely up to his shoulder . I had to dump a bottle of oil down his arm to remove it . Fortunately I was right there as it happened , because he tried to lift his arm with this large toy attached and it could have really injured his arm or shoulder . Beware of the risks associated with this toy !
 The concept behind this toy is great , but the engineering/design is not . Looking at the picture here , I believe they may have redesigned since we got our son one 6 months ago as the chute attaches differently as pictured . Perhaps this works better because the chute is constantly coming apart on ours . We 've also had the problem of the balls getting stuck or just kind of swaying back and forth . The music is HORRIBLY loud . We have to turn it off if we 're trying to watch TV and son is playing in the room . Many musical toys have at least a low and high volume switch . This one desperately needs one !! On the positive , our son does love to watch the balls and grab at them as they pop out or go down the chute . He will chase the balls when they go flying . He 's not quite old enough to know how to put them back in the toy once they are out , but he 'll get there . He 'd probably play with it a lot more had I more tolerance for the music !
 This toy is something that we bought after my children -LRB- who were 4 , 2 , and under 1 at the time -RRB- played with it at a friends house . At first , it was tons of fun to watch them chasing around the balls . It became a nightmare when my children began to stick other toys down into it . Then my middle daughter actually got her arm stuck in the opening . I had to take the entire thing apart to get her arm unstuck . I also had to take it apart everytime another toy found its home in the toy . -LRB- No , holding it upside down and banging did not work - these toys were stuck -RRB- . I will never again have this toy in my home and if it is somewhere that we visit my children are not allowed to play with it .
 This toy is extremely dangerous . My 5 year old was playing with her little brother who got this toy for christmas . She got her hand stuck in the tube , we had to completely take the toy apart to get her out of it . We thought it was going to end in a trip to the emergency room . READ ALL OF THE OTHER REVIEWS WHO HAD THE SAME PROBLEM AS WE DID . For safety 's sake-don ' t buy it !!!
 This product is a lot of work for parents . The top part , where the balls pop out , is not large enough . The balls pop out , hit the side and go rolling over the floor . Within a couple of second , all of the balls are spread over the floor and waiting for the parent to collect them . Also , no matter how many times I try to adjust it , the balls get stuck in the track and need helped along . On the other hand , the music and noise definitely keep my daughter interested .
 I bought this toy for my daughter when she was just learning to sit up as an incentive to learn to maintain a sitting position for a while.The good : -- my daughter loved it ! It was fun and kept her attention for 15 minutes or so -LRB- at a young age , that is quite a feat ! -RRB- The bad : -- the balls really pop out of this thing and if have hard floors , they will go bouncing and rolling around . Plan on spending a lot of time chasing after them if you child ca n't / wo n't get them herself . -- there is no good way to dislodge things that get stuck in this toy . Like most kids , my daughter thought it would be * super * to see what else would fit down the hole and I spend a good amount of time trying to dislodge a cotton ball from the inner workings . -- this is not the quietest toy in the world . While the toy is n't designed to make `` fun '' noises , the fan motor is fairly loud . -- the fan motor gave out after a few months .
 There is no volume switch so the only setting is , `` obnoxiously loud '' . There are 5 balls , and if there are not 5 balls in the tunnel below , none of the rest will be pushed up through the popper . So then you have loud noise/music and balls that are stuck . Whenever the balls do fly up for the first time , they collide mid-air , knocking at least 1 across the room . So the rest of the balls never get pushed out since the balls do n't go back down the way they are supposed to . So now I have to give away a toy ... once I find the rest of the balls that disappeared . Save your money , and play catch with your kid .
 We purchased this for our son just before he turned a year old . Initially we thought it would be a great toy for him to practice eye-hand coordination and to learn colors , etc. . However , we were so disappointed when we started to play with this toy . The balls do move through the tube as designed and the music is festive , but once the balls pop out of the top they go flying all over the place . I spent more time chasing after the balls than my son did actually being able to enjoy the toy . In my opinion , I found having to chase after the balls each time a bit annoying . This is not a well designed toy and I would not have purchased it if I had known what a problem it was going to be . Overall it is not such a terrible toy , but there are others out there that require less work and provide more stimulation for young children than this one does .
 The toy does not work as advertised . The balls go all over the room and must be collected every single time . The balls do not even begin to `` launch '' on ours unless all 5 are loaded . If less than 5 , the balls just stay in the tube .
 The toy is a lot of fun and my 15 month old son loves playing with it . I wish the popper would n't be quite so unpredictable though - it would be easier to deal with the balls falling back into the tray most of the time . However the only reason it is almost permanently switched off is that it is too noisy . Combined with the sound of the motor , the music is very loud and quite annoying . It ca n't be doing a little child good to be in close proximity to so much noise .
 I got this toy for my 17 month old daughter , she loved it at first . Til her arm got stuck in it ! The balls will sometimes not pop out , and a young child will investigate , and stick their arm down the tube , my daughter got her arm all scratched up and did n't want to touch the toy anymore . Then when we moved a few months later , I was packing it up and turned it on , the motor went out , less than a year after getting it , and that was without it being played with . Other than the fact that my daughter got her arm stuck in it and all scratched up its a great toy .
 I got this toy for my son for Christmas last year when he was 7 months old . He was afraid of it because of the noise -LRB- it sounds like a very loud vacuum cleaner -RRB- . I was also not impressed with the narrowness of it - very easy for an eager infant to knock it over . I put it away in the closet and got it out again at 10 and 12 months . Both times , he was frightened of the noise and I had to put it away again . When the balls do `` pop '' they do n't fall nicely in the tray that is provided , they hit it and bounce out and go all over the place . Do n't waste your money .
 while i have to admit my triplets like this toy it is dangerous . you must watch your kids while they play with this toy and it should not be left for them to play with at will . my 10 month old got her foot stuck in the tube and my 6 year old neice got her hand stuck while trying to remove a toy that got placed in the tube . the babies love it but i know now not to let them play with it unless I am sitting there with them .
 there is no interaction and the balls pop out everywhere . my son was bored with it in 5 minutes . i could n't even sell the thing at a garage sale !
 Well ... I almost do n't know what to say . This toy gets pretty solid reviews , which I rely on when I am purchasing . I have a 1 year old and a 3 year old . This was purchased for the one year old for his birthday , with the thought , as we do with many purchases , that both would enjoy it on some level . The first one did not work at all , fan was broken . Second one works ok , but many times the fan is not strong enough and the balls get stalled blowing only at the height of the opening they are supposed to come out of . But , often it works well enough that if that were the only issue , it would be a worthwhile toy . Now , that being said , I personally find the toy extremely annoying even when it is working right , because the balls do NOT stay in the toy even remotely on a regular basis , they fly out consistently and have to be out back in . Since the toy is not for me , and the kids giggle and put them back in , even that is ok , even though the balls spend a lot of time being lost . My major issue is that my 2 boys , absolutely refuse to quit putting things that do not belong in the toy down the holes the balls are supposed to go in . Though I did not read all 500 reviews , I can not believe that I am the only parent that has had this issue . We have a bent clothes hanger that we keep on-hand just for unclogging this toy . I also consider my boys to be fairly normal , and they play with other toys just fine , they way they are supposed to be played with . As a result , this toy spends a lot of time being out of commission . Although we spend a lot of time playing with our boys and their toys , we also encourage a lot of independent playtime . When we do play together , we color or use Play Doh or play a game with rules and pieces that have to be monitored , and this toy was purchased with the thought that they would play with it on their own . The only way it functions as intended -LRB- without lost balls and clogged ducts -RRB- is if we supervise . Therefore , it does not fulfill it 's purpose in our home and I would not purchase it again . I would recommend knowing what your goals are for this toy before you decide to buy it .
 This toy can be lots of fun , but I would not buy this particular one again . The music is really loud and obnoxious . There is no way to turn the volume down or off . While this is annoying , my biggest complaint is that the design is top heavy . If a child tries to lean or crawl up this popper , as most will , it will fall over , along with the child . I keep this toy out of reach of my 10 month old and only bring it out when I can play with it with him .
 Adorable toy that provides many hours of entertainment . However , if your child is curious as mine is , he or she may put her arm down the hole to see where the balls come out of . At which point , if there is the tiniest bit of `` chub '' on your child 's arm , it is likely to get stuck in the hole causing a lot of pain and bruising . This has happened to not only my 15 month old , who is thin , but also my friend 's 18 month old who is chubbier . Great toy idea , but needs some work and serious supervision to use . It will only take a fraction of a second for your child to become stuck in the hole .
 I just bought this toy for my 11 month old and it 's going back . The first thing that happened when we turned it on is that she got scared - the balls popped out and across the room , and my child is not scared of anything so I was shocked that it scared her . Then , my labrador retriever started going after the balls because they shoot so high and away from the toy . He got so excited we had to move him into another room . Too much trouble .
 Received this as a birthday gift for my 12-month-old . It was infuriating b/c she wanted to play with it and was unable to get the balls out -LRB- requiring constant assistance -RRB- , so I put it away till 18 months . She loves it , but it is very loud and she still asks me for help regularly because the balls get stuck . She has now abandoned the balls and just plays the music and dances .
 We bought this toy second hand and I hate it ! The balls constantly pop out in the floor , my daughter totally ignores it , and it 's entertainment factor is zilch . I 'm so glad I did n't pay full price for this item as I would have returned it immediatly .
 Okay , so I just had to add my two cents in here in case anyone else out there has an active dog in the house like I do . Someone gave me this toy for my five month old and he seems quite entertained by it , except for the fact that the balls shoot out EVERYWHERE and this , in turn , makes our Jack Russell Terrier go absolutely nuts . The baby can not play with the toy without the dog jumping all over the place to grab the balls . Yes , we do remove the dog from the room if the baby is playing with the toy . But right now the baby is too little to chase after the balls himself , so eventually he winds up with nothing to play with in the toy itself -LRB- you need to keep feeding the balls back into the machine to get them to spin around and shoot out again -RRB- . It is recommended for older babies for this reason ! Anyway , if you have a family pet who is playful and likes to be involved in everything like our does , you might want to think twice about this one . I was just hoping I could spare someone else who might have the same problem . If you do n't have a dog and you do n't mind your baby crawling after the balls or eventually cleaning them up yourself , then go for it ! The music is cute , the product is colorful , and the whooshing sounds that the balls make as they pop in and out are really fun . I 'm not sure how much educational value it has , other than maybe helping some fine motor skills if the baby can catch the balls and dump them back into the machine . But I guess it could be entertaining .
 Got this toy for our granddaughter , who 's a little over a year old . Not only did the music startle her , there 's not much interactivity involved -LRB- aside from chasing the balls as they roll all over the place -RRB- . From an adult point of view , the Popper is well made , but the music is really loud & annoying . I gave this one away and got her a Super Spiral Tower , which is kid - rather than battery-powered and which allows her to access the balls , etc. , and drop them down the chute herself rather than just watching them move inside the Popper 's clear plastic tube .
 We got this as a gift for our 20-month old , and I had wanted it for a while . Had I known how loud it was , I would have never asked for it - it sounds like there is a hairdryer in it . The music is really annoying and there is no option to turn off the music and still play with it -LRB- bad design IMHO -RRB- . My toddler also would stick other toys in the there , expecting they would come out . Many hours were spent consoling our child as to why it would not work , and then hours trying to get items out of the curvy tube -LRB- skewers , hangers , you name it to push them out -RRB- . We finally put the toy away and hid it . We could n't take it anymore.If it had a straighter chute , and was quieter , and had the option to turn off the music , it would be fine !
 My 23 month old daughter got her arm jammed in the tube and it took 10 minutes to get it out . -LRB- While of course she is screaming and crying . -RRB- If the yellow gaurd on the top actually stayed on she would never have been able to get her arm in there . But of course it is n't very child friendly when they can pull the whole toy apart . Thanks Hasbro for the very unsafe toy !
 This is the worst baby toy my daughter has . To start with , the fan used to blow the balls up the tube is extremely noisy - it scared my daughter , who was under 1 at the time and is still afraid of the noise at 2 . Secondly , it blows the balls up and out of the toy , shooting them all over the floor . The music it plays is also way too loud and there 's not way to adjust . Sometimes the balls get stuck , and its very difficult to disassemble the casing to remove a stuck ball . Simply awful invention .
 My daughter received this toy for her first birthday . She looked at it for about 10 seconds , then got bored and walked away . There is nothing for the child to do but look , no interaction . On top of that the balls fly out constantly . Do n't waste your money .
 This is one of the stupidest toys we 've ever had -LRB- it was a gift -RRB- . There is nothing for the kids to actually do , other than turn it on . The only thing my daughter wanted to do with it is put her other toys in it and watch it jam and have us fish the toys out . You may as well just turn on the TV .
 the idea of a busy ball popper is good but the product ... something probably went wrong during manufacturing ... i didnt even get the balls in the photo ... mayb thats a different one on display ... the balls do not pop ... you have to spend most the time ... pushing thru the balls manually that they can actually come out of the shoot ... waste of my time ... my son loves playing with the on/off switch tho if thats n e consolation ...
 This toy is awful . It does n't ever stay together !!!! My two sons ages 1 and 2 enjoy it when it is together but it only takes minutes to come apart again . It is apart more than it is together in our house . I definitely do NOT recommend this toy to anyone !
 We bought this toy for our 10 month old . It made him cry . He seems to be scared of the balls flying out , not the noise . We were surprised by his reaction .
 As you can see from the other parents reviews , the toy has some issues . I have an 18 month old who loves the toy itself . However , when the balls shoot up the top , they go absolutely everywhere . I have to keep catching them because they literally go everywhere . Now all five balls are all over the house and we ca n't find them . The machine is very loud , a loud vacuum sound , so it took her about 3 weeks to get used to it after clinging on to me every time we turned it on . This is n't one of the better ones but it also is not that expensive .
 I bought this toy for my 7 month old son and that same day - it broke ! Replaced batteries - no go ! so it was sad to say he did n't get to enjoy this bogus toy ...
 My kids LOVED this toy ! The chasing after the balls was the best part for them . This toy got more use than any other in our playroom.Unfortunately , we finally had to get rid of it .1 . While my children never put a limb down the chute , my toddler would stick all kind of other toys down there , and they would get stuck . We were often diassembling it to retrieve things . These balls are also just a tad smaller than ones that come with other popular toys . My kids were constantly putting balls from their other toys -LRB- which look identical -RRB- into it and they would get stuck , as well .2 . The batteries drain quickly . Unless there are very full batteries in it , there is not enough power for the fan to shoot out the balls . This becomes expensive over time ! 3 . As other people have said , it is incredibly loud . Do n't even bother answering the phone if this toy is in the room ! 4 . The chute and plastic piece at the top come off very easily , and my toddler was constantly wrecking it . It seemed like every time it got knocked over , some piece would have to be re-aligned . I really , really wish I could give this toy a good rating . After all , my kids had hours of fun with it . But when you factor in the hassle that it brings and its durability , it 's DEFINITELY not worth it .
 I bought this toy for my one-year-old son . As soon as I turned it on my son screamed and cried . The motor that pops the balls out and the music are extremely loud . They even make my Golden Retriever seek refuge . I wish I would have tried it out before purchasing it .
 I think the concept of this toy is a good one , but unfortunately , it was way too noisy and just freaked out my toddler . This is the type of toy that I think she would really have enjoyed -LRB- for the cause-and-effect aspect -RRB- , but she was too terrified to even approach it .
 This is a cute toy and when the balls pop up and actually land back in the yellow dish , it 's a lot of fun . My 9 month old giggles at it , even though he does n't get what to do with it really.My big beef with it is that the balls rarely go back in the toy , they usually pop up and fly across the room . I spent the good part of the first hour with this toy just chasing balls down in the hardest to reach parts of my house -LRB- the balls must have some sort of sensor that attracts them to the furthest corner under the couch -RRB- . Since the balls are never near the toy , the kid does n't get to play with them much . It 's a good work out for me though.It 's also really annoyingly loud and obnoxious in the sound effects department .
 My nearly 2 year old twins love this toy but I hate it . The balls end up everywhere and they try to shove all of their small toys and their arms -LRB- up to their shoulders -RRB- down the chute . We have had numerous toys stuck in the popper and they are practically impossible to get out . The balls fly everywhere and the popper does n't work as well unless all of the balls are in it . On the plus side , this toy plays fun songs and seems to be durable .
 I saw an advertisement for this toy on the tv . I was SHOCKED that they were still selling it ! Years ago , my young son got his arm trapped inside the hole where the balls come out . We had called Playskool and they had us return it to the store and they sent us a free ` I 'm sorry ' gift.The one pictured on Amazon is the DANGEROUS one that many kids have gotten their arms stuck in . If you look on the Playskool website , they have a newer version which offers a cover over the hole where kids like to stick their little paws.Be sure you get the newer version ! It is a super cute toy , and I am glad they have fixed the problem so many have had .
 My son received this toy as a gift and he had a ball playing with it ! We even liked the toy and it was a lot of fun to try to catch the balls as they popped out.However , one day my son 's arm got stuck in the toy when he was trying to reach down where the balls get sucked down to and it was stuck all they way up to his elbow . His arm was so wedged into the toy that we could NOT get his little arm out ! Finally after trying to pull his arm out my husband ended up breaking the toy to get his arm out . It was really scary because we did n't know what to do when my poor baby was sitting there with this big toy stuck on his arm . We threw the toy away and no matter how fun it was to play , I would n't let my children play with this again .
 My little man received this gift on his first birthday . It looked like a whole lot of fun ! We took it out and it was not more than 5 minutes of playtime before his little arm was stuck down inside the toy ! He saw where we put the ball in ... he could see the ball down the hole , and he reached for it ! He was screaming ... as my husband gently tried to remove the ball popper , which was suctioned on to his arm at that point . Such a sad little face on the birthday boy ! I contacted the company ... and they replaced the toy free of charge ... we decided on the pinball table , and he loves it ! I just ca n't understand why they would make the hole the size of a babies arm ??? Duh ! Ca n't be smaller ... choking hazard ... why not bigger ... or the chute not so long ... I do n't know . Hope this helps discourage everyone from buying it , I would hate to see this happen to another little one .
 I did not want this toy after reading the reviews , but my sister-in-law bought if for my son . Each of the 1-star reviews here have addressed one problem or another , but let me just sum it all up into one complete version of the MANY PROBLEMS .1 . Upon assembly my son IMMEDIATELY stuck his arm in the hole . One reviewer said that the toy has been redesigned with a cover of some sort . I looked around and have not found this . Our popper was purchased in December 2007 from Target , so I would assume it 's from one of the newest manufacturing lots . Target does n't keep toys on their shelves for very long . It 's still dangerous , no fixes made that I can see .2 . LOUD , LOUD , LOUD . Both the fan and the music .3 . The fan is not strong enough to push the balls out when there is more than 1 ball in the chamber .4 . When you put just 1 ball in the chamber so there is less weight , the fan is then too strong and the ball pops over the toy and rolls away . The product description says `` Sometimes the balls spill over for even more interactive , put-and-take play . '' What an absurd statement ! I ca n't think of anything I 'd less like to do than retrieve balls from beneath the couch , coffee table and TV stand .5 . The toy is quite heavy . When all 4 balls are in the chamber we have to tip the toy over to get them out -LRB- because of the weak fan -RRB- . My 16-month old has seen me do that and quickly learned to do it himself , but he 's not strong enough to tip it without the toy falling on his foot . Further , he usually does the tipping routine after he 's turned it on , and once the toy is tipped on its side the balls then shoot out like a rocket launcher . My son has taken a few in the face.I HATE THIS TOY . It should be recalled , retired , redesigned ... whichever ... just get rid of it , Hasbro !
 My daughter received this toy as a Christmas gift last year just after she turned 1 . She loved it , and it became even more fun for her after she started walking and could chase the balls , which , as other reviewers have stated , tend to pop out all over the place . As the batteries lose power , the toy does n't shoot the balls so high , so we would put half-dead batteries from other toys in there so the balls would n't shoot out so violently.The main problem with this toy came last night when my now 19-month-old daughter reached down the tube to get a ball after the toy shut off . Her arm got stuck . REALLY stuck . She 's reached in there before and not gotten stuck , so I do n't know what was different last night . My mother , sister and I had to hold her still , hold the toy still , and remove 4 of the world 's tiniest screws to get the toy apart . Even then , the top part was still stuck on her arm and we had to coat her in cooking spray to get it off . She was VERY upset and in the chaos , we lost the tiny screws , which is fine because she 's not getting this toy back , even though it 's one of her favorites.I 'd be careful purchasing this toy . My daughter is bright and curious and was being supervised by THREE adults when this happened .
 I have passed by this toy countless times in the isles of Wal-mart , but never felt the need to purchase it . Well , my 10 month old son received it for Christmas and it 's fast become my least favorite toy . There is no volume control , which is a huge bummer since this plays extremely loud music , and the fan that pushes the balls up sounds like a blow dryer . Very loud.The worst thing though is the balls pop up so hard and fast that they fly all over the place . My son seems to enjoy the balls popping up and cycling through the toy , but I have to sit there with it and keep my hand over the top to prevent the balls from flying all over , otherwise , they go everywhere and he just loses interest . We have light carpeting and they still manage to roll under furniture or across the room.In the end , I 'd say avoid this . It 's definitely not worth the trouble . Way too noisy and too much work . I think I 'm gon na put it away till he 's a bit older , and can chase after the balls himself . I 'm just thankful I listened to my gut and did n't spend my own money on this colossal pain-in-the-rear !
 My 22 month old Daughter received this for Christmas . I was concerned that it would be too young for her , but she was definitely very taken with it . The music is fairly charming in small doses , and my daughter enjoys naming the colors of all the balls as they pop up.My low rating comes from the fact that the balls are very inconsistent . sometimes they stick in the channel part , so they just sit there and do n't get blown up , other times they blow so hard they fly all over the room . Overall I 'm just not very impressed with the playability of this toy .
 My 13 month old son received the busy ball popper for a b-day gift . We put it together easily and began to play and soon learned this toy is more trouble that its worth . My son has managed to get his arm stuck up to his elbow inside the machine , twice . He was stuck so well I nearly panicked thinking I could n't remove his arm . He also managed to get another toy lodged in the chute so when I was unjamming it , it and a ball launched quickly directly into my face . I can not leave my child unattended with this toy now since I worry he will get his arm stuck again or some other toy will get inside it and launch into his face . NOT SAFE ! If I allow him to play with it I must be at his side the entire time to ensure his safety . I have since taken it away from him and it 's put away . My son is 13 mths old yet this toy ia rated for 9 mths old ? There are also no warnings about requiring supervision , arms or hands getting stuck or items including balls being propelled .
 I had read great reviews about this product other places but none of them had the problem I did I guess . My children 1 and 2 1/2 love this toy but they try to get the balls out of the chute when the toy stops . This makes them get their arm stuck in the chute . I was not concerned about the balls popping out because that is what the toy is for ` ball popper ' but they come out pretty high and then you have to chase them all over the room . It is a fun toy though if you get past those two things . I do like that the toy does not stay on all the time it runs for about 30 seconds and then shuts off . I would not discourage anyone from getting it , I just wanted people to be aware of the issues I had . I am returning it though .
 I thought this looked like so much fun , but I 'm really disappointed . When the balls pop out they either come back down on the edge of where they came out and fly across the room or , as they come down , another ball is coming out and they hit each other and both fly across the room . Within five seconds , every ball is out of the ball popper and the baby is left there waiting for something to happen . When he realized the show is over , he crawls off unamused .
 I see alot of good reviews for this toy , but that just has n't been the experience for us . Our daughter has always been a bit sensitive to noises . She 's terrified of the vacuum , electric hand driers , and this toy makes a very similar noise . She was frightened of it at 12 months , and at 22 months nothing 's changed ... in fact just the sight of the toy sends her running to the other side of the room . Otherwise it looks like a fun toy , it 's just maybe not for everyone .
 We ca n't get the balls to pop out !!! My baby enjoyed putting the balls in the track and watching them roll down but they never pop out no matter what we do ...
 I ordered two of these and received the cheaperPlayskool Explore and Grow Busy Ball PopperWhen I questioned the seller , they told me that these are the same product , and yet this one is priced much higher ! Save your money and purchase the Explore and Grow.That aside , my 9 month old absolutely loves this toy ! Every time a ball pops up he laughs , its so much fun .
 I hate this toy . I 'm always chasing balls . The airflow on this toy is vital to it 's ability to pop balls up and then back down into the tubing . Sometimes they pop up and back the way they are supposed to , but most of the time one ball goes flying . After that the airflow is too strong and balls go everywhere . I hid this toy in my basement . It 's more annoying than reading the same book 10 times in a row .
 The balls pop out all over the living room when my daughter plays with this toy . So , if you are the type of parent that loves to crawl all over the living room on all fours retrieving balls , then this is the toy for you !
 While the toy was turned off , my son stuck his hand in opening to just past his wrist and got his hand stuck . This was horrible . I thought we were going to have to break his hand to get it out .
 I received the Hasbro Playskool Busy Ball Popper two days ago and was very excited about my son playing with it . Unfortunately the toy is completely unusable . First , there is very little interaction ; second , the balls pop all over the place and the adult has to go and chase them all over the place .
 I received this as a gift for my 12 month old and my first impresion was that it was just too loud . She liked the balls in at first but after losing them and having to check every where for them I prefer to keep this toy out of site . Now at 18 moths she likes to experiment with different blocks and toys that are the right size to see if they fly out too . It seems like way too much work for both parent and child . I would n't have bought it .
 This is a completely pointless toy . After reading the reviews , I purchased it thinking it would be fun . My husband and I sat there along with our 8 month old son in shock that someone actually presented this idea and it was manufactured . The sound is like a hair dryer on the low setting and they try to `` mask '' this with music that you can barely hear . Next , the balls start to pop up and they re-enter the `` machine '' leaving my son nothing to do ... UNTIL , they started not making back into the machine and they popped all over our living room which made him burst into tears.I thought , maybe this is just our son . When I had friends over for the SuperBowl , I busted out the ball popper . From 5 months to 15 months , there was a stare down at this machine . We communitively decided that it takes 8 adults and 5 children to play with this toy . 4 adults to chase after the ball and 4 to calm the children . While this is obviously just poking fun at the ridiculousness of this toy , I use it to illustrate that this is a completely waste of your money and we are sending ours back . I could n't even convince one of the families to take it home with them ... for free.Overall , I am shocked that there were so many positive review and if you want a toy that your child with engage in with their pals , invest in something like theRollipop Starter SetAll of the kids played together with this toy for well over half an hour .
 This toy is appropriate for 9 months and up said the Playskool makers . My daughter -LRB- currently 18 mths old -RRB- and I both liked it until tonight . She was retrieving the balls herself from the tube and got her arm stuck in it all the way up to almost her shoulder . My husband had to quickly retrieve a screwdriver to loosen it while she was screaming in pain and panic . This toy needs to be recalled in my opinion .
 TARGET IS UNRELIABLE , July 26 , 2009By Y. Lin `` Nikos '' -LRB- DC -RRB- - See all my reviewsDurability
 First of all , if you loose the balls you ca n't buy replacement balls . If the cheep plastic balls get smashed they wont go threw the tunnel any more . The thing keeps falling apart ! The top always comes off . And my biggest gripe , boy does this thing suck batteries !!! You may as well take them to Chucky Cheese for all the money you will spend on battteries . Get the Fisher Price Giraffe ball toy instead , way better !
 I received this toy as a gift for my son 's 1st birthday . I thought that the air blowing sound was loud and the noise scared my child . The balls would constantly blow off the intended track . Personally , I did not like this toy b/c I prefer engaging toys that require my child to use his motor skills or intelect to manipulate the toy . This toy plays all by itself - boring . If you want something for your child to simply watch - get a goldfish , it 's not as loud !
 I too , would give it zero stars if I could . I ca n't stand this toy . Not only is it loud , the balls ALWAYS shoot away from it . They never go down the spiral . Then my dog chases the balls and chews on them . And my son -LRB- 1 year-old -RRB- just looks at it like it 's the dumbest toy ever . I agree . I wish I read the reviews before I bothered buying it .
 I just returned this toy -LRB- & the Hasbro Busy Basics Busy Ball Choo Choo -RRB- after discovering it contains PVC . A Hasbro Playskool customer service representative confirmed the presence of PVC . As a new parent , I 've learned that PVC is dangerous to a child 's health and that many US companies are voluntarily going PVC-free and many European countries have banned it . Not all plastics are dangerous which is why I initially purchased this toy but when it arrived I was surprised to discover that characteristic smell -LRB- like shower curtains -RRB- and soft plastic .
 I must admit , my daughter really likes this toy ... when it 's working correctly ! Most of the time , the balls just fly out of the toy , never to be seen again until I go searching under furniture for them . I do feel as if I 'm `` fetching '' these balls for my daughter over and over again . If I do n't , she gets frustrated because the toy does n't do anything ! I love Playskool toys , but I really feel like they missed the mark with this one !
 My son is 11 months old and is absolutely terrified of this toy . I had been looking for something new and there were limited toys for his age group . The fan is very loud as well as the music . He might be able to grow into it but I do n't see it being much fun as he gets older . It sounds like alot of children love it , just be warned it may be a little too much for a younger child .
 I can not stand this toy . The music is way too loud and there is no way to turn it down . If the pieces are not aligned perfectly , the balls bounce all over the place and then I have to go get them . My one year old likes it okay , but he ca n't push the button hard enough to start it himself . His favorite thing is when I get hit in the head with a ball . He has also begun trying to put other items in it . I guess that 's educational , like yes the lego fits in the hole but no , the shoe does not . Playing with this toy takes so much effort from a parent that you may as well save your money and just dance around the living room for your baby . I have put this toy at the back of the closet and I will bring it out again when he is four or five . My sister-in-law gave it to us as a gift , and I think it was to get us back for when we bought her 3 year old a toy drum and cymbals set .
 I do n't know what made me want to get this for my 9 month old son . It does n't seem to work on our floor , so there is n't much ball popping going on and when it does work it only holds his attention for a minute or so . Once we had it assembled , he looked at it for a bit and started playing with the box it came in instead . The only good thing that came from buying this were the balls , which I probably could have just bought separately and saved my self at least 15 bucks !
 I got this toy for my 1 year old-and of course it entertains my 3 & 5 yr old-but they get bored of it-after a few min . - and we just got it-I 'd like to see how long it takes for them to stop using it totally . It 's definitely fun and exciting at first-but the point that it ca n't be operated without a battery-is definitly a drawback . should 've gone with the manual ones instead . Also like prev . posts say-the balls sometimes do n't pop out-so my baby just turns the whole machine over in order to get the balls out-for that I can use a bucket with some balls instead .
 I think my kids would really like this except my 2.5 year old son does n't like how it sounds . I have n't really had a chance to show it to my 9 month old b/c he freaks out when I suggest we play with it . I will try again b/c I think they will like it . They love the -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this toy for my child believing it would be a fun , interactive ball toy . I was extremely disappointed to learn that the balls moved fully on their own -LRB- air powered -RRB- . I wanted a toy that the child could put a ball into motion and watch it move through the maze , not a `` toy '' that the child sits and watches .
 We bought this and put it together . Started it up and the music turns on , the motor turns on , all good . As soon as the balls started flying out and going all over , it just scared the piss out of our little boy . No toy had ever frightened him before so we were surprised . In addition , we had only tried it again a total of 4 times and the motor died . At least we were then able to return it for a reason other than it freaked out our kid . : -RRB-
 I bought this toy for my 8 month old thinking she would get a kick out of the balls popping out while the music played . When I sit her down beside it , she wants a closer look and pulls the yellow top over so she can look inside . When she does this , the yellow and orange funnels come apart from the bottom part that houses the fan . So , I put it back together and she does the same thing . Also , my 3 year old wanted to get in on the action and ended up getting his hand stuck inside the bottom portion just as some of the other reviewers have noted . If the toy would stay put together , it would be much more enjoyable . As I write this review , the toy is in three pieces in the toy box and the balls are MIA .
 I 'm very dissappointed with this product , I purchased for my 10 month old for christmas . 90 % of the time the balls shoot out and I 'm hunting under furniture for them he ends up losing intrest as soon as they shoot out , he 's only entertained while they cycle through which does n't last long . . He has no interest in hunting for the balls ... So if you enjoy hunting down the balls this toy is for you !!!
 Like others mentioned , balls rarely go back to the toy . So I always have to run to catch the balls before our dog does ! My 9 months old son likes `` Busy Ball-Tivity Center '' better too . If balls are not missing -LRB- because our dog destroyed some already -RRB- , I would definitely return it .
 This is the third ball popper we acquired , each with the hope that the toy would work as promised by the toymaker . When it works properly the grandkids love it and want to play with it constantly . But for some reason the motor gives out quickly -LRB- we try new batteries -RRB- and as a result the ball popper can barely pop the balls . A big disappointment , again !
 I wish I would have read more reviews on this ... I bought it for my one year old 's birthday . WAY too loud , obnoxious is more like it . Both of my kids like the activity but walk away before they 're done being entertained because it 's too loud . Plus it takes 4 D batteries , $ $ $ . Getting rid of it and sticking to my wooden toy purchases .
 This toy was a major let down . We received it as a shower gift and eagerly awaited the time our son could play with it . The balls barely pop out of the tube and usually only if we push them through . By the time we get them moving enough on their own , the fan stops and the balls collect inside again . It 's a major frustration for me let alone our son .
 looks fun and entertaining but it is so loud . It is louder than a hair dryer and almost like a vacuum cleaner . The balls flies everywhere randomly instead of going down the designated path . The parents will be chasing after the balls instead of the babies or toddlers .
 An interesting concept , but the balls get blown off of the toy by the force of the air coming out of the tube and my soon to be one year old grandson is n't at the stage where he is willing or able to run after the balls and place them back in the unit . It would have made for a much better toy if the balls did not fly off . This toy is a toy that requires constant adult supervision in order to keep the child entertained .
 I am very disappointed in this toy . The motor is so very loud , and it sounds just like a hair dryer . The motor noise even drowns out the songs and sound effects . I ordered this toy new from Amazon in July 2007 . If I had it to do over again , I would NOT purchase this toy .
 I could not have been more discouraged with this toy and would return it if I could . The blowing air was the only thing my 12 months old baby liked . The ball get stuck at the botton and wo n't always pop up which discouraged my daugher . She would stick her arm down the hole and then fall over . I was afraid she was going to break or injure her arm so I put the toy up until she was older . She is now 21 months old and still has no interest in the toy . She has taken the top shoots off of it and only plays with the balls . Hopefully I will get a good price for it at the garage sale this summer .
 recall this toy , it is dangerous ! recall , recall , recall , recall . before some innocent child really gets a serious injury . you as the store should stop selling this awful toy !
 We bought this toy for our 15 month old daughter . She and her friends loved this toy so much ! It was their absolute FAVORITE!Maybe my daughter is too curious , but she was ALWAYS sticking other toys in the spout . We constantly had to dig toys out . Not a big deal , but can be tricky and annoying ! She also got her arm stuck in it at one point which is quite scary.Another complaint about the toy , the fan broke . This toy only worked for about 4-5 MONTHS . My daughter was soooo upset when the fan would n't turn on anymore . The music still worked , but the wonder of this toy was with the fan . I took this toy apart to see if there was anyway to fix it , and sadly , there was n't . We ended up having to trash it.The other issue we had , because the fan is kinda like a hair dryer -LRB- without heat -RRB- , it once caught and sucked in my daughters hair!While my daughter loved the toy , it was just really unsafe . Granted we had the older version , bought in 2005 . HOPEFULLY the newer version corrected all these issues . Stuck arms and toys , crappy fan , and sucking in children 's hair can be dangerous and frusterating .
 Our one-year-old nephew received the ball popper as a birthday gift this past weekend , and all of the 3 and 4-year-old kids at the party were quickly excited and interested in helping keep the balls moving and flowing . It 's looks like a great toy to play with , but it was surprising how many times the balls kept shooting out all over the place . It seems sort of `` out-of-control '' for a 9-month-old -LRB- min . age indicated on the box -RRB- to play with . At first we considered getting this toy for a friend 's child , since it seemed to be such a hit with all of the kids . However , the most horrifying aspect of this toy is that a child 's arm can get caught inside the hard , plastic hose where the balls are supposed to be dropped . The suction from the motor keeps the child 's arm trapped inside the hose until the toy is shut off . We witnessed this happen to two of the kids who were playing with the toy . Also , sometimes when the toy was turned on , the air motion reversed for no reason so that the balls did n't pop out like they were supposed to . This did n't really seem to present a problem with the toy ; it was just puzzling . I wo n't be buying the toy for our friend 's child because of the suction issue .
 My friend 's child had this toy , and my daughter wanted one . Maybe mine is defective , but it never worked properly . The fan is not strong enough to blow the balls out the way they should -LRB- even with new , high-quality batteries -RRB- . I have to place my hand over the top to create some suction , then release to get the balls to blow out for a couple of seconds , then I repeat . My daughter loves the balls , but gets so frustrated with it . She and her her playdates much prefer to stick things that do n't belong down there -LRB- little people , dinosaurs , balls that do n't fit , and arms which get stuck ! -RRB- Then I have to take it apart to get those out . I do n't recommend this toy at all .
 My 11 month old got so frustrated by this toy she almost started crying . She wanted to play with the balls , but as soon as they popped up , they rolled down the slide and out of reach . It seemed like the toy was playing by itself and there was nothing for her to do . I took it back .
 I thought getting this item for my daughter 's first Birthday was going to be exciting . . In fact it 's was the total opposite . It was a nightmare . My daughter got her arm stuck inside of the hole where the balls come out . Not only could we not get her arm out the suction on the toy made it impossible to get her arm to move . My poor daughter First Birthday was ruined by that toy . I do warn you parents BEWARE of this toy . I emailed and contacted the manufacture of this toy and was given a brush off . I think this item should be taken off the shelves . Very dangerous !!
 I thought this would be a lot of fun , but the music is so loud and aggressive . It is the thing my 11 month old has every been afraid of . There is no volume switch .
 So far , I do n't get the positive reviews . The toy sounds like a hair dryer with calliope music superimposed . It 's pretty irritating to me ; I ca n't imagine that a 9-mo-old would like the noise . It happens that my 25-month-old has never liked the sound or the blowing of hairdryers -- that 's the one part of his first haircut that made him cry -- and he wo n't play with the toy as designed . He loves the light plastic balls and has created several games for them , and he has had fun dismantling the body of the toy , but he wo n't let me turn on the switch . I do n't think of him as overly timid . He is very fun-loving and loves his music toys , but so far this toy has n't worked for him . Maybe he 'll get used to it . My husband , on the other hand , thinks the toy is a riot .
 I got this for my 2 year old . Both he and his 4 year old brother found it entertaining . It is also good practice for little ones to place an object into a small hole -LRB- fine motor skills -RRB- . Problems with it though
 I see alot of good reviews on this product so maybe this just happened to my son . The toy is very fun for him to watch , and grab balls however my son has a knack for testing things it seems . I was in the kitchen while he had this toy , and I noticed when I came out he had stuck his whole arm down the tunnel trying to grab a ball , and got it stuck . He is almost two , and boys are more likely to be rough with the toys . Anyway long story short I had to use baby oil to get his arm out . I will be contacting the company before I throw the toy out . Other than that the blue slide was constantly being taken off by my son . I rated five stars for fun because he had more attention on this than anything else for awhile .
 We puchased this toy for our 9-month-old and ended up returning it to the store . The concept and the looks of this toy are great , but as mentioned in other reviews , this toy is pretty noisy . It 's so noisy that we were afraid it could affect our daughter 's attention or hearing . The toy does not come with volume control , and the music can be annoying to some people like us . Moreover , the motor to create the force to blow out the balls runs so loud that it ruins the whole fun intention of this toy .
 We asked for this for my daughter 's first birthday because she is really into balls right now , so we thought it would be a lot of fun . I am very disappointed with it , however . While it CAN be fun , the balls fly out more than they stay in which seems to defeat the purpose of the game -LRB- why have a neat , open , tunnel inside if it 's only used to blow them out -RRB- . When starting one ball always flies out the back , so balls are just going everywhere . For my daughter , she 'd rather watch it than chase them at this point.Also , she has hurt herself three times already with this toy , and we 've only had it for two days . It 's terribly unsturdy , and any child at the age where s/he uses props to help stand up should not have this toy . My daughter does n't even put her full weight on it , but the top always topples off sending her falling face down onto the rest of the toy . She hurt her head and cut her lip and , naturally , cried/whaled for mommy each time.I 've put this toy away for now while we decide if we want to take it back or wait it out hoping as she gets older , she 'll enjoy it . What I know is that it 's NOT a good toy for her right now , and with the new Laugh and Learn Learning House here now , she wo n't even miss it because she LOVES that thing , and it would stay standing if she went swingin on it .
 Very simply , if your child does n't like to hear the vacuum cleaner or hair dryer , he wo n't like this toy . He 's totally freaked out by the noise the fan makes . Who would have thought ?
 This toy was purchased for our 9-month old daughter , and not only did she hate it , but we hated it , too . First of all , the music is deafening . It scared all of us the first time we turned it on ! Also , the motor that makes the balls pop out of the top is really loud . Oftentimes , the balls fly across the room , and you have to chase after them . -LRB- They really like to hide underneath couches and beds ... -RRB- The first time we set our daughter down to see it , she screamed in terror . It 's ridiculous to buy this toy for anyone under the age of 18-months , and I think it 's very misleading that the box recommends the toy for 9-months and up . Unfortunately , the family member who bought the toy did not keep their receipt , and the day after we received it , we gave it to Goodwill . Good riddance !
 We received this toy as a gift and we should have returned it . This toy basically spits out the balls like popcorn which rarely fall into the track ... you will spend so much time chasing them and putting them back in ... what a pain ! I do n't care for toys that create a TON of work for minimal entertainment value .
 We purchased this for my 10 month old . The idea is wonderful , but the balls do n't land in the tray after they pop out - they fly and bounce out and roll across the floor instead . This toy will not function unless you are there to pick each ball up as it flies out and drop it back into the tray . My son still loves it , and although he can push the button , he can not play with it by himself because all of the balls are out of the toy within about 10 seconds .
 Not the best toy ... the balls pop up and fly out of the toy and are lost under furniture . My child is able to stick his entire arm down the tube where the balls come from and get it stuck or stick other things down the tube which lodge in there and stop the toy from working .
 When this toy works properly , my 14 month old son loves it ! But it seems the balls get stuck in the tube all the time and never come out or just flout near the exit hole ... frustrating my son and me ! I do n't know if the motor is n't powerful enough or we have a defective toy ... but we hardly use anymore because it never works well for more than a minute or so ... and when the balls do actually `` pop '' out they go flying all over the place ... not impressed with this toy at all .
 I bought this for my son and he loved trying to catch the balls coming out . Too bad the toy did not last and the balls stopped popping out . We returned it and got a new one and the same thing happened . The motor does not seem to work well and I would not recommend it as neither toy lasted more than two weeks .
 Did n't colorforms stick when we were younger ? When you hold the toy upright in the holders they give you , the colorforms slide off . They work like the first three times you use the game . The idea is good but the quality is very disappointing and the child gets bored because the product does not work properly
 WOULD NOT RECOMMEND !!!!! Very disappointed . Spinner fell aprt with first spin and could not be fixed . Colorforms are flimsy . Grandchildren got bored because it did not work . Am returning .
 This is a cute game . My 3 year old had fun with it for about 5 minutes . The pieces would not stick to the faces . They only stuck after she licked them . I know , it 's gross , sorry . She is a resourceful 3 year old ;-RRB- cute idea , but bad execution .
 I purchased this game as a Christmas gift for my 2 and 4 year olds . I was very disappointed when I opened the package . The adhesive pieces were curling off of the sheets . When I removed them and tried to stick them on the faces , they would n't stick ! We did n't even get one use out of this game and it is basically going to be in the trash , unless there is any way the manufacturer will send us new adhesive sheets . Sad to say it , but this game is not worth the money .
 We purchased this to replace a version purchased in 1997 . My wife used this game with many children in her sppech therapy job . Unfortunately , this game lost its adhesive qualities after 2 uses . the quality of the game is much worse than it used to be . this is not an Amazon issue , but rather the a manufacturing problem . i would not recomment this board game to anyone who wants to get a long life out of it .
 I am a teacher of preschool age children . This game was not durable . The pieces that should be reusable for the faces only stuck one time and curled up after that . I absolutely do not recommend this game .
 We purchased this at an upscale toy store in the Indianapolis area for my daughter 's birthday . The spinner never worked -LRB- flimsy plastic inside cardboard insert ... wo n't stay in for 9 out of 10 attempts at a spin . The colorform stickers themselves never did stick to the cardboard much and DEFINITELY did not stick back on the waxed paper where you 're ostensibly supposed to store them . I 've read other reviews suggesting that the formula or approach to manufacturing must have changed over the years as the new colorforms do n't stick as well as the old . That 's definitely my experience - this was as bad or worse as a heavily used set we bought at a garage sale when ours was fresh out of the box.Pretty disappointing ... thankfully my daughters do n't seem to mind as much as my wife and I do when we attempt to play the game with them .
 This product arrived dried out and used-looking . The colorforms did n't stick , and the individual pieces rolled up . Terrible .
 This game would have been fun if any of the pieces would stick to the game board . The spinner and board were also of poor quality . The children were very frustrated by it . Waste of money !
 This was bought for my twin daughters age 3 for Christmas . We opened the box and started to play . What a cute game , my daughters would have really loved the game if they were n't getting so frustrated about the face parts not sticking to the cards . We used to have colorforms as kids and we loved them . I could n't believe that the Colorform brand would be such bad quality . They did not stick at all right out of the box !!! The game is useless . The parts do n't even lay flat on the card to get away without the sticky . Horrible horrible ... do n't waste your money .
 I bought this for my 8 year old daughter , assuming that because it was geared towards kids , it would be appropriate . I was disappointed to see that these cds had a parental advisory
 I do not know if they even make these any longer - these worked great for a little while - but then the lens popped out - ?? A little dangerous as it is small - I threw them out after trying to contact the company without succuss .
 My son picked out the Sponge Bob game and I had high hopes until he started playing it . Even though the game is for a higher age group , I found the game a bit slow and boring . I 'm not expecting the graphics to be stellar for any V-Smile game , but the Sponge Bob game is the worst . Winnie-the-Pooh is still my favorite , and Toy Story 2 and Nemo are n't far behind.I wish the folks at V-Smile had put more effort into this one .
 My kids enjoyed it at first , but it was unable to keep them interested after a few days ; which meant that they did not learn much . Not enough variation .
 it seems too advanced for the age group it says . my daughter ca n't seem to get very far on it , and it says that it should be for her age .
 This item was not sturdy.The control knobs you use are n't able to move the marble as precisely as they should so getting the ball to the end is n't going to happen . It 's kind of stiff or something . Ca n't really put my finger on it . Would n't buy again .
 I bought these crayons for my daughter based off of the very good reviews they received from other people . I honestly ca n't even begin to understand WHY people say such good things about crayons . They are NOT durable ... maybe they are more durable then the thinnest Crayola crayon but certainly not the jumbo crayons . The color is so light and barely there , it 's not fun for young children . The crayons feel weird and are not at all like the color of the actual crayon when the color is on paper . These are the worst crayons I think we 've ever used and that includes cheap crayons you get at a restaurant for kids to color with . I usually love Melissa and Doug but I am HIGHLY disappointed with these crayons .
 These crayons are just `` OK '' . I expected them to be a bit more durable based on my experience with the jumbo sized crayons but I was disappointed as immediately after opening the box for the first time , my 2 year old easily broke 2 of them .
 These crayons flake like crazy when my daughter colors with them and the crayon flakes get everywhere ! She had dark marks on her face and I realized it was crayon smudges from the blue crayon she was using . VERY disappointed !
 This item was purchased for my seven year-old grandson with the purpose of encouraging him to hang up his clothes daily . Unfortunately the clothes rack fell over almost immediately after assembly and was broken rendering it unusable . I do n't know what the problem was but suspect that the top team emblem is too heavy for the slender rack to support . A cute idea that did not work!MargaretFan of the San Diego Padres
 I purchased this item for my grand-daughter and I was very disappointed . They do n't stick like the old ones from the 1980s ! I was extremely disappointed . I even tried to help my grand-daughter to no avail . I definitely wo n't be purchasing any of these again .
 i bought this for my 4 yr old daughter for christmas , it is a cute game and she liked it but after playing it 2 times the outfits wouldnt stick on the people anymore . so its a waste now it just sits there and theres not alot of outfits for the girl dolls mainly blue and boyish . WOULD NOT RECOMMEND .
 I had high hopes for this , since I remembered these from when I was young . Unfortunately , we had to do some quick explaining at Christmas when we opened the package and there were no stickers ! I ended up just throwing the game away .
 These ColorForm toys today are just a nothing , they do not cling like the old ones when I was a kid , will never buy another one for my child , they are a piece of junk , I think they belong in a trashcan !!!
 A substitute for this game at half the price is called blokus . Ok , it may not be exactly like Cathedral , but the skills and strategy required are the same.The look of Cathedral is definately impressive ... . but that is the end of it . It is quite bulky to store and heavy -LRB- all pices are made of wood -RRB- they look nice , but they are too big . This is important when a child is trying to look over the buildings in order to see the full distribution the board.If you 've bought cathedral to leave it in your living room as a coffee table game and let it sit there for ever , then you will enjoy this game , since it looks nice and it 's not a chess board.If you are still interested in cathedral , then try the blokus online version to see if you like it before buying it.I like Reversi -LRB- othello -RRB- , mancala and backgamon , chess , but this game I did not enjoy that much . Therefore Fun factor is 2 out of 5 .
 I bought this for my son but within a year we began to have significant problems . The S-curves gradually fall off , and we are at the point that we want to buy a new replacement net , but unlike other companies -LRB- Louisvill Slugger for one -RRB- , Easton does not sell a replacement net . So many of the s-hooks are gone now , it has no tension . For the 80 $ + we had to pay for it , this is not worth the money . They should at least sell replacement hooks and a net . They give two stakes to anchor the pitch back to the ground , but it is not really enough . They need to give more . If you use it for anything besides a baseball -LRB- soccer for example , they say you casn I think -RRB- , the rebounder will fall off . This is my first time writing a negatvie review , annoyed enough to do so . Note other companies have pitchbacks that do not have s-hooks , they use more permanent catches that should be better .
 I love Chicco toys and I have bought more than a few for my daughter . I ordered this flip table online when she was 21 mos old.I was so disappointed when I saw it . The `` activity '' portion is very simplistic and not very challenging for a child who is over 1 1/2 . When it is flipped to build blocks -- well , there really are n't very many blocks provided . I even tried to find out how to order more blocks but I have n't been able to . I do not think it should be suggested for any toddler over 18 mos and certainly not 3 years old as indicated on the website .
 It might be fun for younger babies , but for my 18-mo-old , it was too infantile . -LRB- I 've noticed the enthusiastic reviews on this product come from moms of babies under 1 , although the recommended age by mfr . is 1 + . -RRB- Not much different from what was on his old exersaucer . Yes , it does have the lego-style blocks , but he has a separate collection of those that are more sophisticated and to his liking . In addition , the height of the table is too low for him -LRB- he 's 33 '' tall -RRB- and he was awkwardly bending from the middle of the waist to play with it . In all , his interest lasted a few days , and then we gave it away to a younger neighbor .
 I think I missed the boat on this one ; I bought it for xmas for my 13 month old and the only real play it gets is when my daughter and her 3 year old brother take off the `` play top '' and sit inside it ! They think thats fun but thats about it .
 My 15 mo old grandson was not interested in this toy , except to pull the top part off -LRB- which does not attach in any way , just lays down on top of the table -RRB- . The blocks are too advanced for his age , and the train only makes a hoot sound-no songs as advertised . Money down the drain . Too low to sit a childs chair up to it as the picture shows
 Why do manufacturers create toys that DO NOT WORK well ... like this turtle , who is supposed to ride the motorcycle , yet , fitting him on the seat , and trying to get his hands to grasp the handles and his feet to stay on the foot racks is almost impossible . The one good thing I will say is that the cycle at least will stand up by itself . I have this complaint about many of the turtles ... and their trucks , etc. . Their feet do n't stay on the little holders so it gets quite frustrating for the kid .
 not at all painted well , these seem blurry and ill cut . you can hardly tell what they are . Paint job terrible
 My original toy fart machine broke after many years of fun and pranks . I found this replacement on Amazon for a reasonable price but what I got was not the original at all . The original had 5 different sounds that sounded real . This cheap imitation has 2 sounds , just a fuzzy noise . Made in China , just a cheap imitation . Junk !
 I ordered this for my daughter 's 3rd birthday . When I got the product , it did n't look like the picture at all . The picture looks like authentic Graco Baby products , but the one that I got looks very cheap . It is royal blue and bright green and really looks like one of the pack n plays you can get at a toy store for $ 5.00 . I was disappointed and called them for a replacement . I was guaranteed that I would recieve the correct one as pictured -LRB- navy blue and tan -RRB- before my daughter 's birthday . I did receive a new one and was excited to see it arrived here before her birthday ... but it was exactly the same as the first one . I called back in to see what they would do now that it 's been wrong twice ... and they said that after they mess up on an order twice , they ca n't do anything to fix it . So , they 're just giving me a refund and I will be sending both of these back to them . I am not sure I 'll shop with amazon in the future . Never ran into a company who would n't do everything they could to please a customer ; especially when it is the fault of the company . I am very disappointed and do not recommend that you choose this product .
 Got this as a gift . Has had problems since day one . Music sometimes sounds as if batteries are low or even does n't play at all . Often makes a high pitch squealing noise instead of music . But when it does work well my son loves it .
 Gave this to my granddaughter for her birthday -- she LOVES tattoos -- but this was a big disappointment . She quickly got on to how it worked , but when she colored in the outline and imprinted it on her hand , the tattoo was unrecognizable ... AND to make matters worse , it rubbed off immediately . We read the directions carefully and tried using it a number of different ways , but always with the same result . A waste of money , in my opinion
 This is one of the worst arts & crafts kits I 've ever purchased for my daughter . The ink immediately rubs off because it does n't adhere to the tattoos . It smears across the skin around the tattoo and wipes off on clothing , towels , sheets , and anything else it comes in contact with . The plastic tattoos do n't stick well , either . They peel and crack less than an hour after they 're put on . Kids would be better off drawing directly on their skin with Crayola washable markers . I would give this kit zero stars if that were an option .
 `` Best New Game at the British International Toy Fair ! '' shouts the box . I was a little surprised , never having heard of Word Thief -LRB- Faby Games , Inc. , 1994 - no designer credited -RRB- . But one should never pass up a 75 % off sale at Barnes and Nobles , right ? So I snagged it , hoping that it would be another good word game to add to my collection.Was I smart to pick up this game ? The short answer is that for the price , I got a good deal ! It 's a fun game , but not so much fun that I 'll play it often . I 'll tell you a bit more about it.First , a description of game play ... The game is for two to four players . A deck of 108 cards is shuffled . The deck is composed of twenty-six cards of four suits -LRB- hearts , diamonds , spades , and clubs -RRB- , and four jokers . Except for the jokers , each card has a letter and a number on it . The number corresponds to the frequency of the letter -LRB- an `` A '' is worth 1 point , while a `` J' is worth 8 points -RRB- . Each player turns over a card , and the player whose card is closest to `` A '' goes first . Each player gets seven cards dealt to them . One card is flipped over , and the suit showing on it is considered the `` trump '' suit for this game . The first player takes their turn , with each player following clockwise.On a turn , a player can use any of the cards in their hand to make a word . The word must be able to be found in a standard dictionary . They place the word in front of them , scoring points for that word . Points are kept on a score pad provided , or by taking poker chips equal to the points received -LRB- white chips are one point , blue chips are 5 points , and red chips are 20 points -RRB- . If a word has five letters or more , the player receives five bonus points . A six-letter word gets the player 10 bonus points , and so on . If all the letters of a word are the same suit , the player scores double points , and triple points if they are all from trump suit . A player who uses all the cards in their hand gets another bonus of twenty points.Not only can a player use cards from their hand , but they can `` steal '' words that have been played by previous players . A word can not be stolen if it is all of the same trump , as it is considered `` Wordlocked '' . Otherwise , a word may be stolen , and the letters used to form new words -LRB- as long as every letter from the stolen word is used -RRB- . Whenever a player steals a word , they must add at least one letter from their hand to the word . They may steal a word and break it down into two or more words . The player whose word is stolen loses the points they gained for that word . Players can not steal their own words , and may only steal one word from other players.Jokers can count as any letter , but are not worth any points . If a player can not make a word from their hand , or steal from another player , they lose five points , draw a card , and skip a turn . Otherwise , a player scores points for the word -LRB- s -RRB- they create and draw cards to replenish their hand to seven cards . When every card from the deck has been dealt , and one player uses all their cards -LRB- or no one can make a word -RRB- , the game is over . All the cards still in players ' hands are deducted from their scores , and the player with the highest score is the winner!Some comments on the game :1 -RRB- . Components . The company that made Wordthief was obviously trying to go for a `` poker '' feel , with the different suits and poker chips . It 's strange to see a game that actually provides two different ways to score . Using the chips may be more fun , but the included score pad is very nice , and I think that we would use that more often , as it 's much more convenient to write down numbers than to count out chips . The cards are of extremely high quality , and very easy to read . All cards are printed both ways , so that the letters can be read from either side of the table . Each suit is in a different color , helping to more easily distinguish between them . The box is a smaller type box , but has a plastic insert that holds all the components well , including the poker chips . Good components are found in this game .2 -RRB- . Rules
 The ball drop mechanism is clever but the kids are more than likely just going to hit the ball from where it lays . The biggest dissapointment is that the clubs slide out at the bottom of the back . As in they do n't stay standing up at all , you put them in and they stay in the holes at the top of course but slide off the ledge at the back and touch the ground . It is totally annoying . Dumbest design flaw I 've ever seen.Buy the one from Little Tikes instead , we got lucky and found one at a yardsale . Love it ! You can fit more than 2 clubs in it and it comes with these cute little goal cups to aim at.Don ' t buy this
 My 3 yr . old received this as a gift . It would not stay together so my husband had to `` modify '' it the best he could . It still kept falling apart so into the trash it finally went .
 I returned this item because it was difficult to assemble , the wheels did n't turn , and the golf clubs fell out of an opening in the back of the cart .
 This golf set was very dissapointing . It constantly falls apartand my 3yr old got very frustrated .
 Unfortunately this product ca n't be microwaved . So it 's not of any practical value . And then you have to send away and wait for your plate to arrive . Do n't recommend these melamine products
 I wanted to try out something other than an inflatable pool so tried this product , was not impressed . Side walls are very flimsy making it difficult to fill . Most all kids pools are difficult to empty . When emptied the flimsy walls easily become bent and folded randomly weakening where the fold was -LRB- like a piece of folded paper -RRB- , this eventually leads to tear and a leak point after a few uses . By the 3rd or 4th time filling/unfilling this pool had several holes that were too numerous to deal with . Was thrown in the trash.My reccomendation is to skip over this product . I also reccomend when for a kids pool also look for something that is easy to empty -LRB- designed with drain -RRB- .
 Do not get this unless you want the hassle of trying to return it and not being able to . It is cheap for a reason . I got this and filled it a few days after getting it . The water would n't hold , so I looked around the pool , and what do you know , there was a HUGE crack in the side plastic . So there is no way to fix it , and I am having trouble returning it since it was OPENED . It came in such a tiny box im sure thats why it was cracked . I am NOT happy with this at all , I will go buy a plastic pool at walmart for -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks and have a better result . Now it 's just taking up space in my garage . BOO !
 I am so completely unsatisfied with this product . I was really looking forward to my kids enjoying this pool , but it is such a pain to put up . It keeps collapsing , and if your yard is n't absolutely level , which my yard is by looking at it , the pool on the higher side of the yard is going to collapse . My kids were happy playing in the pool while I struggled with it , they would have given it a thumbs up , but in the end , I had them get out , and I drove up the street to a hardware store and got a hard plastic pool which they have not gotten out of ! A day later after drying out the snapset pool in the sun and handdrying every fold with a towel , I can not get the thing back in the box . My mother-in-law and I have tried every which way to roll it up and fold it and we can not get it to fit ! And the directions say that it can be stored in the box . I am so tired of dealing with this thing .
 what a piece of crap ... do n't waste your money ... the sides wo n't stay up and the bottom is so thin a piece of grass will poke a hole in it
 This product was exactly what we wanted ! We get this exact pool each year at our local walmart . We still had ours from last summer wnd were able to reuse it for a while . However we have a black walnut tree in our yard and it discolors the pools and makes them icky/slimy overtime . This pool is inexpensive enough that we do not mind getting a new one each year . Infact when we purchased it at walmart last summer we paid just $ 7 for it !! This year our walmart did not have them so since i love shopping with amazon I decided to get it from here , and with the next day shipping I was able to get the item quickly for my 4 and 2 year old sons to enjoy ... FOR ONE DAY , then we found a rip in the seam . Am my children are younger we normally only put about 4 inches of water in the pool , just enough to make it stand so it was not an overfilling issue . We also have the pool located in a large flat area covered with sand , so what was on the groud was not an issue . Th patch that came with the pool in no way came close to repairing the pool . I was VERY DISSAPPOINTED with this pool . If I wanted to pay 40 $ for my kids to swim I 'd take them to a waterpark , we just wanted to enjoy somefamily time in the heat and were unable to do so because of this company 's unreliable record . This is not the first intex I item I have purchased as I work for and run a public indoor pool and we always have issues with Intex items , I do not think I will purchase anything from them in the future , and if you should choose to , be prepared to have your item rip or break !
 I had no problem setting it up but my puppy grabed the side and bit a chunk out ; then he got a couple holes in the bottom and it leaked like crazy ! I have to say He loved it but it lasted about one hour before he destroyed it !
 I bought this for my two girls and my german shepherd dog . The plastic flooring ripped within the first thirty minutes . I am very dissappointed . This is the first purchase from Amazon that I am very dissatisfied with buying .
 I think the adult in both pictures is holding the walls so they do n't collapse on the kids ! Yikes !
 This product was terrible . The durability of this pool is zero . I couldnt even fill this product up with water before it caved in and all the water spilled out . Dont buy !!!
 The pool description should indicate that the pool must be full of water in order to use . Eighteen inches of water is too much for a young toddler . Therefore , potential buyers should be notified of the pool 's inappropriateness for very young children .
 Ordered by never received . I got two reasons . # 1 non deliverable address and # 2 damaged in shipment . Both in the same message . I was given a credit but I really wanted the pool for my grandchildren . I was very disappointed and was not happy with the service .
 I first found this exact pool online for sale by a vendor that specializes in outdoor accessories ; they recommended this pool for dogs too . Since I got free shipping , it was cheaper to purchase from Amazon , so I did . The pool is large , it comes rolled up in a small box . The instructions suggested at least 3 people help unroll and set-up the pool , but I set it up myself with not too much trouble . However , the instructions also state that once about a 1/2 '' of water is in the pool , the sides should stand up on their own ; that is just nonsense -LRB- a 1/2 '' of water does not hold up an 18 '' side -RRB- . Anyhow , I did purchase this pool for my dog to play in , but the pool did not last even an afternoon . My dog is about 50 pounds , energetic , and with short claws . The way my dog entered the pool was by jumping over the side , then jumping out . After a couple hours , there was a significant amount of dirt in the pool , so I drained it to clean it ; upon doing so , I realized small holes where my dog 's claws had torn through the bottom of the pool . As I was refilling the pool , I also noticed a 3 '' crack in the side near the pool bottom from which water leaked significantly . The `` Product Features '' on Amazon state that a `` Repair patch comes with it , '' but there was no patch with my item . I later threw one of my dog 's toys into the pool , hitting the side , which left a softball-sized hole in the pool . If you are even considering purchasing this pool for your non-toy-sized-dog , LOOK ELSEWHERE .
 My pool came in a ridiculously small box and took forever to unfold . When I filled it with water , the folding remained in the sides and the sides of the pool did not stand up straight -LRB- water drained out -RRB- . It was fine for about 6-8 '' of water . It had to be on an absolutely flat surface as well . When we stored it for the winter and took it back out , the sides had become brittle and cracked and had holes in them -LRB- it was stored in a sun-free , covered area -RRB- . I do n't feel I got anywhere near $ 25 use out of it ... very disappointed . Do n't waste your money .
 This product is horrible . It 's poorly made and breaks easily . I was extremely disappointing with amazon selling this product because the quality is so bad . In my experience , Amazon has good to great quality of products but this pool is just horrible .
 This pool is most definitely , the worst product I have ever purchased in my life . It was nearly impossible to set up with two people , need at least three or four . If you do not get the necessary help , then the sides will keep falling down and you will have an uneven pool . Then , even if you somehow manage to get the sides to stand up correctly , the bottom becomes another factor . You have to keep pulling it and stretching it to try to get those annoying looking wrinkles out . When you pull more then three times , it rips on you , then you will be back to where you started-with no pool . Of course , after spending many many hours of trying to fill this 500 + gallon pool and causing my neighbors basement to flood from the newly formed holes , I just threw it in the garbage a few hours later because I just could n't bare to look at it anymore . If you want to attempt to buy this pool , then make sure it is on an oily surface and you have at least four people to help you and most importantly , keep it away from all trees , leaves or flying debris or you 'll be wasting all that water and cleaning the pool every 3 days .
 THIS IS A TERRILE PRODUCT . HARD TO PUT UP AND LEAKED RIGHT AWAY . SIDES DO NOT STAY UP . NEVER DID USE IT . WOULD HAVE SENT IT BACK BUT COULD NOT GET IT BACK INTO THE BOX . TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY . WILL NEVER BUY ONE AGAIN .
 The side keep falling down ... totally a waist of money . This is my second pool that didnt require a pump but his one is nothing like the first . I totally do not recommend it
 We had a smaller version of this pool before and loved it . this one takes too long to set up and is cumbersome . smaller on is great
 This pool is very large -- which is great if you have a huge , completely level space in your yard in which to set it up . -LRB- We do n't . -RRB- Set-up/take-down is difficult due to its size and the `` floppy '' nature of the sides . It takes a lot of water to fill . That said , our son had fun in it the one time we tried to set it up . We ended up giving it away and purchased a smaller pool of molded plastic .
 This pool is huge , and therefore takes forever to fill . And it wo n't stand up straight unless it 's quite full ... and that wo n't happen satisfactorily unless it 's perfectly level on the ground . There is no `` snapping '' , just you struggling to hold up some of the sides while the hose flails around . Seems easier just to spray yourself with the hose and have done with it .
 This pool 's rim is so stretched out it will not contain more than a few inches of water . I drilled a hole near the edge and bolted it together to create less stretch , but it still will not contain more than 6 inches . Id had one like this before that worked very well but this one was a big disappointment . Do n't buy .
 Along with other items purchased for my grandsons birthday this swimming pool was one of them.He received the pool May 9th and after a couple of uses the swim wall would just collapse when the pool was filled with water . The end result was that the water would quickly flow out . We tried to use it a little longer by putting a yard chair up against it but felt that was a safety hazard.I would not purchase one of these again .
 Pool is safe with no sharp edges but is very difficult to set up , keep water from falling out -LRB- sides do not stand up and are way too flexible -RRB- . Thinking about returning .
 Despite the price , do not get this item . The bottom of the pool had multiple leaks within a week of purchase . I highly do not recommend it . I was hoping that it would at least go into the summer , but I was wrong . Very disappointed with the item .
 Okay , I 'm not your typical homeowner . I do n't have a lick of grass . We bought this for my daughter last year . And it was nice for about two weeks.The sides just wo n't stay up . The wind would knock one side down and it would start draining . The bottom is super flimsy . And we could n't keep up with the slime that started growing on it , even with a shot or two of chlorine bleach thrown in.Then it sprung a teeny leak -- dogs or the sand underneath , I do n't know.It was big enough for me to sit in.This year we bought a small hard plastic pool .
 I absolutely love this pool - easy , big , fun . I had one previously for years , but got one this year and the side cracked after using it only a few times when someone fell on it . Quite a big disappointment .
 not painted well at all , faces are terrible , seem mass cut and no clean edges . . I do not think i will even use these
 I have had one of theses cars for about 4 years now and ever since the day i got it i have had to do nothing but repair it.Its a fun car if you got the money to repair it after every run . My neighbor is the one who got me in to these cars and he has had the same luck with them as me so i know i 'm not the only one . I talked to a repair person today and he said the make their money off parts not the car .
 Still waiting to receive this order ! Other orders done days after , were received over 3 weeks ago . Unable to provide accurate review
 I bought this product because my two-year-old loves to use the bouncy balls at daycare . I guess they 've gone out of style because it was very hard to find many options . The price on these seemed suspiciously low , but I decided to try it anyway . When it arrived -LRB- very quickly , by the way - excellent seller -RRB- I opened it inside my house . I immediately moved it outside because the smell was horrible ! When I picked up the ball , my fingers came away covered in awful smelling gunk . I noticed that the entire ball was covered in it . I inflated it and realized it was big enough for me , NOT a two-year-old -LRB- even though it was described as the `` small '' size - I ca n't imagine what the `` large '' looks like -RRB- . I washed it with soap and sprayed it with a high-powered hose and it still smelled and felt disgusting ! I guess this is what we get when we allow companies to outsource to the lowest bidder , in countries with no product quality standards , and questionable materials .
 As a parent I am very disappointed in the quality of these dolls . Our first was Bess . On the way home from the store her leg fell off . We turned around and returned her . The next doll was one hour old and her head fell off . Fira 's wings fell off , Rani 's head is very loose but still attached . When I purchase a doll at the Disney store I ask for it to be opened and inspected first . I have refused several . My five year old is devastated by the quality issues because she loves these dolls and enjoys listening to the books about each . Shame on Disney for not creating dolls that can withstand creative play !
 Although they look nice they are way too small . I guess they made them to fit on the train , but I was hoping they would be able the stand them up and handle them through pretend play . I was disappointed . I also ordered the caribou and they are a nice size for pretend play .
 I received mine and the Santa was broke . I could return it but the kids already seen the darn thing and its now only on ebay for more money . Looking at the santa these are really not toys for kids to play with only for them to look at . The santa was in 6 different pieces in the packaging that shows me how easy they break . I paid 30 for it and I agree its worth a lot less than that . They are so tiny would be very easy to lose or break . If its for kids to play with skip it bc I do n't see these lasting that long .
 I was so excited to order this train for my grandson for Christmas but it turned out to be such a disappointment . The remote would not work properly , even after several battery changes , and the train would not stay on the tracks . There is no place on the train for the figurines . My grandson was so sad that he could not play with the very item that he wanted the most . Since I am past the deadline for returns -LRB- my daughter shipped it back to me -RRB- I guess I just made a $ 140 donation . Do n't buy this train . It was n't worth even $ 10 !!
 I purchased the add-on figures for the O-Gauge Lionel Polar Express Train set -LRB- which stopped working after about 6 times of use -RRB- . The quality for the price is LOW . I had to repair the little boy after his body came apart when I turned his head -LRB- it 's supposed to be movable - more like breakable ! -RRB- We 're returning everything Lionel back to Amazon . I thought Lionel was a quality model train manufacturer ... it 's not . And everything is made in China ! Buyer beware !
 The price is too expensive for small dolls , was a general disappointment , because evilcan play with them . Rubbish purchase !
 The item is way over priced . I paid $ 32 for four small figures and it feels like I paid $ 30 too much . The figures also do n't attach to the train like the ones that come with it . The hole in the figures are just a little too big and end up falling off .
 They are cute but simply way too expensive . They should sell for about a third of what I paid for them .
 Beware ! These figures are very small . They are well made in that the arms and legs move but they are extremely tiny . My son enjoys putting them on the Polar Express train he received . If I had realized how small these were going to be I would not have paid $ 27 for one package -LRB- paid $ 84 total for 2 packages of figures and one package of caribou -RRB- . I felt like I had been ripped off , but the dimensions are listed , so I guess I should have paid more attention . Never in a million years would I have thought these figures were going to be so small .
 $ 28 plus shipping for 4 plastic figures each about 2 inches tall ! Do not be fooled by the super enlarged pictures in the item description . I am guessing Lionel makes about $ 27.50 in profit from selling a set of these for $ 28 .
 I purchased the Lionel Polar Express Train as a decoration to circle our Christmas Tree . The train itself was fine . However , I also purchased these figures to add on . They are not worth the money . There are places on the train where these figures are supposed to snap in and fit , but it does not work . In the end , the figures just lie on the floor and you regret spending the money .
 This doll was givin to my daughter for her 10 birthday by one of her friends . I was outraged by the appearence of this doll ...
 My daughter received this gift for her 4th Birthday . This toy lasted not even a day ! The stroller was not durable and made of flimsey plastic and broke with in hours of playing with it . Very disappointed in the quality .
 I got this for my dad . He charged it . It did n't work . I was really disappointed . I wonder why it failed to function ? My dad says the light on the remote is not lighting . He checked the batteries , and they were good .
 Bought this thing and comes with no instructions , one battery and took a long time to figure out how to install new battery , the old battery was dead . It crackles and snaps and I can hear amplified sounds about 10 % of the time , otherwise just crackling sounds . Just wasted $ 5.00
 My kids asked for Spy Ears for Christmas and I had read previous reviews stating they were good for kids . I purchased two and before I was even able to give them to my kids , I tried one and it worked okay , but the second one did not work at all . My husband spent some time trying to make it work after just removing it from the package . This was just very disappointing when you expect them to work and you have to spend time fixing them before giving them to the kids .
 What a pice of junk . My daughter was so disppointed in this toy . The doll 's hair color changes at a snail 's pace . Please save your money and buy something else . Mattel should be ashamed of themselves for producing such garbage !
 tis drum kit does n't even have a full drum kit that price is a total rip off i would buy a five piece drum set -LRB- $ -RRB- come on werw kids not millionairs you know so next time think about the price
 I have several problems with this toy . My son received this for his 1st birthday . He has walked since he was 10 months so he did n't need to use it as a walker . We decided to keep it as a ride-on toy and the trouble started . First of all the seat is very wide and was difficult for my son to use his feet to push . Second , it has a large hole for the childs hand to grasp when used as a walker ... in the seated position the hole is on the seat . My son tried to stand on the toy -LRB- we had abit of trouble with him standing on things and climbing furniture -RRB- and got his foot stuck in the hole . As I read in other reviews my child is not the first to do this . My son was stuck for several minutes while we struggled to free his foot . After this incident my husband and I decided to leave it in the upright position as a walker toy . My son tried to push it and fell upside down over the toy because the bottom plastic sits lower than the front wheels , catching on the carpet . Now he had bruises on his ankle and a knot on his head from falling . I threw it away after this occured . . never wanting it in my house or around my son again !!! We did keep the top attachment activity which is a great toy .
 I bought this toy today but I am not keeping it . The activity panel is OK and works fine when it is detached from the steering wheel . However , when the cruiser is in the ride-on position , the activity panel is not fixed on the steering wheel . Instead it swirls every which way , making it very difficult for a child to sit on the cruiser and keep his balance . At some point my son 's hand slipped from the side of the activity panel and he would have fallen down had I not stood right next to him . He got scared and started crying for me to take him off the cruiser.I bought this toy after talking to a store employee , but I whished I had checked the reviews on the web site before I made the purchase . I have found another walker that has great reviews and will make the exchange tomorrow .
 My son received this ride on for his first birthday . It looked very appealing and fun , but during our first day playing with it he tried to get on himself and stepped into the handle and got stuck . After plenty of baby oil I finally got him out , but he is now left with some really dark bruises on his leg . It was very heartbreaking to see him screaming because it hurt to move his leg . V Tech needs to look into something a bit safer for the pull up handle .
 I was not pleased with this toy either . My daughter received this for her 1st birthday . It looked so neat . She tries to play with it but it 's so awkward she just gives up . It 's OK -LRB- not great -RRB- as a walker , but as a ride on , it just does n't make sense . She has a hard time straddling it , and her knees get caught underneath the keyboard . It converts easily from walker to ride-on and it seems safe and durable , but if I had to do it again , I would buy a walker and ride on separately .
 Dont waste your money on this one . the picture is cute . but the quailty of the toy isnt any good . the frosting doesnt even stay in the hole and the box is flimsy it would never last with a child . the concept is supposed to be like the game memory , your supposed to turn over the donuts and match the ones with the same frosting . your better off just buying the real memory game . the only thing this is good for is the pretend food concept and even with that it isnt worth this price .
 Let me start by saying
 Matching games are fun , but if we 're hoping our children will be healthy , fit people with nutritious eating habits , why would we deliberately choose a game for them featuring prolonged concentration on frosted doughnuts , or any of the other ` smart snacks ' overly refined plastic toy confections?Is this sensible?Judging from my own response , it is not.Like tantalizing commercials , the doughnut game pieces continuously elicit cravings in me.Occasional doughnuts or other empty calorie indulgences are not a huge deal , but when I would n't even have been considering eating such items , poor food choices demanding attention at the forefront of my mind are a problem I do n't want.Putting myself in this position is not sensible.Putting kids in this position is irresponsible.Our nation is in the midst of an enormous obesity epidemic.Being mindful of the influences we welcome into our lives and subject our children to is a logical , easy first step in a more healthful direction.This toy is not a good idea . In several ways it 's a really bad idea.Manufacturing them seems thoughtless and stupid.Purchasing them seems thoughtless and stupid.Choose games related to children 's interests or subjects they 'd enjoy .
 I received the Koala Baby bodysuits as shower gifts , and loved the little designs on the front . However , after washing them only three times , and normal use , the snaps came off the one bodysuit . The fabric did n't rip , rather , the prongs that attach the snap to the fabric just broke off . For the many times that a bodysuit will be worn , these just did n't hold up . Although extremely cute , they 're not worth the money .
 My six year-old picked out this toy for his birthday . Despite my husband 's efforts , he could n't get it to fly and called the customer service number . He was told that they were sending a new plane . Weeks passed , no new plane arrived . He called again , and was once again told a new plane would be sent . To date , no replacement plane has arrived . Weeks of a six-year old asking over and over `` Where 's my new Air Hog ?!? '' Terrible , terrible , terrible !
 We live in NM - very high altitude . The plane seemed to be operating properly ... yet , it could not get very high off the ground . -LRB- It was 55 degrees and almost no wind . -RRB- Our longest flight , was no more than 10 seconds . We had to return the plane to the store where we purchased it.It is probably a great toy for those who do n't live up so high though ...
 Ok so i got this for christmas and right out of the box it looked faulty . ALL STYRAFOME ... now when i went to fly it . . it didnt . . it just went up and fell . . though i got 1 good flight ... i would n't buy this toy again . But u got ta luv my parents for the thought .
 I got this toy for my birthday and I was really trilled . It looked like an awesome toy , but when I took it out to play , the only thing that worked was the thrust button . All it did was keep on going left . My friends and I got bored and annoyed pretty quickly with it . Do n't waste your money on this .
 I got this for my birthday . It broke while putting together . Got a new one and ok this time . It was fun to watch fly for a couple minutes , then lost control and it went into a tree . It broke when it fell out . I taped it up like the directions said , but when I went to fly again , was fun to chase , but you really do not have any control . It needs a string so you can find it when it fly away .
 I got 50 $ for my birthday and I really wanted a R/C plane , so I bought this thing . Big mistake . First time I tried it was too windy , and part of the tail wing broke off . Second time , there was almost 0 breeze and it took off , but then did half a U turn crashing into the ground . Now I have a `` plane '' if thats what you 'd like to call it sitting next to me with part of it 's tail wing off and white spots all over from chipped paint . DO NOT BUY THIS THING
 I bought this plane for my son and two of his neighbor buddies a similar model . I am going to try and take back all three but doubt that I will get a red nickle for any of them . They are all busted . They do not fly at all like you think they would . There is hardly any control . You need to have a vacant ten acres or risk breaking a wing off on a small 8 foot high tree like I did . One was the biplane version and the propeller shaft bent on it 's first toss . Now it steers straight into the ground on each throw . Totally worthless . Do n't spend a dime on this plane ! If you want an RC plane then buy a real one and take it to an open field .
 Very disappointing !! It is not durable especially considering that crashes will happen with novices and this is geared to the beginner . Even tossed into the breeze as directed , the plane crashed . It was frustrating for an 8 year old boy .
 It is a very very cheap version and it does NOT worth your money.Most weapon that come with it does not fit in the hole , everything else is just crap too
 first of all major parts are hopelessly -LRB- well perhaps not hopelessly -RRB- warped with chunks of body simply torn out.altough I am not finished matching parts this is going to be a lulu getting it together , definitely wish I had spent the extra for the Tamiya . One other notecertain plastic parts of importance are flimsy particularily for 1/32 scale . Finally there is no detail to speak of and certainly no add-on bits .2 stars because eveything made it to the box
 I ordered this because the picture showed the dice cups to be a soft oval shape that I could store easily and they would n't hurt my table by all the turning of the cups . When this arrived , it what not what was pictured . I received 4 SHORT ROUND dice cups of 2 DIFFERENT sizes made of a very thick hard plastic . Also one of the dice was missing which I can not find as they are of a very small size .
 I was lazy and did n't read the reviews first . Shame on me ! You get what you pay for here . The shakers are small and the dice much smaller than standard dice . The shakers do seem quite fragile as I expected a softer cup , more like a faux leather . I will make this a Secret Santa gift and simply buy 4 regular dice cups .
 Liar 's Dice is a pretty straightforward game . Each player rolls a set of dice , conceals his or her roll from the others , and makes a bid as to outcome of the total roll . Each subsequent bid has to be higher than the previous ; or , alternatively , a player can challenge another 's bid . If a person 's bid is challenged and proven false , he or she loses a die . The goal of the game is to be the last person to lose all your dice.The rules make for a frustrating and unsatisfactory game in which the player does n't really feel in control of what is happening . If you do the math , counting the dice total and the probability of any particular face appearing , you realize that it 's not very hard to figure out whether a person is lying or not . But since each player can only bid up or challenge another 's bid , gameplay becomes a fairly mundane and uncreative task of knowing when a person 's bid is mathematically unlikely .
 poor quality ... . the paper labels on the dice cups were falling off when I unpacked it . Also there are only 2 larger cups ... the 2 smaller cups are really to small to be useful in hiding the dice .
 the box it came is it nice but the dice cups are not good the paper is supose to be wraped around the cup but the paper is hanging off and the cups are just not nice .
 dice cups are a cheap plastic with the black felted lining coming off , but wood die that holds everything is nice shipping was superfast .
 After receiving the product and opening it I found that it was not quite what they had pictured in the advertisement . First the shakers look like something a 6 year old made in art class . They look more like a clay change holder then a dice shaker . where as the picture look to me like standard 3 inch oval shakers . Then their are dice themselves they are so small that the 6 side is almost completely blacked out with dots . The only cool thing about this game is the giant Dice carrying case thing .
 For Christmas , I bought a friend of mine this brand of Liar 's Dice , except I bought it at Barnes and Noble in store . Since I liked his version of the game , I was happy to find the same brand on Amazon but for $ 5 less than at B&M. ; When I purchased it from Amazon , I was stunned at how different it was . The cups are plastic and lined with felt , and the outside has stickers on it that are falling off . They are hideous and very low quality . I was expecting clay cups with the design etched into them because that 's what I purchased before . The box itself does not close all the way , either . The box also was slightly damaged on the edges when it arrived , but I can not say whether this is from the manufacturer or shipping . Others have commented on the quality of the dice , but I did not even play a game before I decided to return this to Amazon.Overall , I was disappointed because it was of inferior quality as what I purchased for my friend just a few months earlier . That said , I look forward to finding a higher quality version of the game because it is a GREAT game to play with friends .
 This is the classic game of liars dice . The package includes a die-like box with different sized throwing cups and dice . There is not much too it . The cups cascade to make them easily storable inside the box , but the smallest cup is almost too small . The stickers shown on the outside of the cups peel off almost instantaneously.Overall , the build quality of everything inside the box is low . Initially , the box is a cute addition to a game shelf , but it ends up just taking up a lot of space.If you want this game , just get dice anda few cups . Do n't bother with paying for the fancy box .
 My 11 year old sone wanted one of these so bad . It was fun for the first few minutes . Until hit the ground and started to disenegrate . It just did n't last for more than few minutes . I know it has to be lightweight to hover and fly - but I wish it could be made of a more sturdy medium rather than styrofoam .
 I was hoping to engender interest in Da Vinci in two grandsons with this game , but all it did was bore and confuse them .
 I just received this puzzle as a gift . Having another older-style Chunky puzzle , I am VERY disappointed in the quality . Instead of the designs being painted on , the front of the pieces are paper stickers and scratch off very easily . The old Chunky puzzles were much better quality and last longer . How disappointing that Melissa and Doug should make such poor quality puzzles !
 This is my fourth chunky puzzle . One used , one as a gift a year ago , and two recent acquisitions including this one . On the older ones , the pieces are painted all around and the quality is wonderful . The used one is years old and still looks great . On the newer ones , as other reviewers said ... just some cheap stick-on on the front , it is not painted on the sides or back . My son chews on them occasionally and it actually starts to come off . And what 's worse , two pieces on this transportation puzzle are cut inaccurately and have to be practically crammed into the puzzle.Melissa and Doug should be ashamed of themselves ... trading on their good name and reputation and slowly cheaping down their product , expecting us not to notice .
 Although Amazon shipped this much quicker than I expected , it is not what was pictured nor what Melissa & Doug used to sale . I have a number of Melissa & Doug puzzles that are painted on ALL sides . The older puzzles are made of real wood and feel much nicer than this pressed board crap . They are also cut to the image where the newer puzzles are mere outlines , haphazardly thrown together . I would have promptly returned this puzzle , but my 19 month old son really loves puzzles and saw this and the other 2 puzzles as they were coming out of the box . I can not believe that these cost the same amount or more than the other puzzles we own , yet they are of such an inferior quality that I can not believe the are trying to pawn it off as the same thing they used to sale . Shame on you Melissa & Doug .
 What I have here is nothing like the one in the picture . The puzzles are cut to the outlines , not around the vehicles . Only painted -LRB- NOT handpainted -RRB- on one side . So disappointed .
 We have a daughter who is 17 months and have yet to find the floatation device to hold her . She screams and cries before she ever makes it to the water in this one . We fought her on it to see if it worked and the product seemed to work just fine . Not a success with our daughter , but maybe for someone a bit less stubborn .
 I BOUGHT THIS ITEN FOR MY 13 YEAR OLD FOR CHRISTMAS , SHE SPENT 2 DAYS BUILDING IT AND IT DID N'T WORK . THE CHAIN WOULD NOT GO ON CORRECTLY AND THE PIECES WOULD NOT STAY TOGETHER . IF YOU ASK ME IT WAS A LOT OF TROUBLE AND A BIG PIECE OF JUNK THAT COST BIG BUCKS !!!! I AM REALLY DISAPPOINTED IN K'NEX . WE HAVE THE FERRIS WHEEL AND IT WORK GREAT .
 This is horrible . It is MAYBE two inches tall and came without packaging and inside a plastic grocery bag , covered in dust . What a waste of money and a horrid seller with no return policy . Just gross . This is the worst thing I 've ever bought on Amazon . Could not be more disappointed .
 It takes no time for my kids 3 & 5 to figure out which eye does n't have the frog on it so next thing you know one kid is zooming around the lilly pads while the other sits in boredom . Read the directions many times and there is just no way around it it 's way to easy to remember which eye is blank . We have Pengaloo and that game is way more fun because the Penguins are all the same that cover the colored eggs so you must really pay attention . With Froggy Boogie once a child checks an eye if they do not put it back exactly right you know thats the eye with the frog or blank . Another Great game is Curious George get that one instead .
 I played this with our 5 year old and 10 year old . Finding the items seemed way too easy -LRB- particularly for them ! -RRB- and no-one found it challenging . It took only a few rounds before one of the boys said `` Can we play something else ? '' and everyone swiftly agreed . I do n't think this will be coming out again.It might be a good game for slightly younger children - maybe 3 or 4 year olds ?
 The doll is 3in tall - not 4.6 in . Save your money ! This is more of a show piece than a toy .
 I ordered this little mini doll for my 3 year old granddaughter who loves Angelina Ballerina . I did n't read far enough down the page to realize that is was only 3 inches tall . With shipping , it cost me $ 24.25 and was very surprised when I opened the box and saw its size . It is not posable and really just a collector 's item . The company was nice enough to offer me a refund for it , but I decided to keep it .
 I was very disappointed by this product that is clearly exploiting the popularity of the Angelina books . It was sharp and hard and much too highly priced . My granddaughter forgot about it in a minute .
 the picture of the doll is bigger than the actual thing !!! I thought it was a doll and it was a figurine
 I thought it had posable articulated arms and legs . We were disapoointed with this doll . You should buy a Lolapaloozie instead .
 I purchased this as an accent for my new granddaughter , Angelina 's nursery . Her three-year-old sister saw it and took no interest . It is very small , and not as cute as pictured . Disappointed .
 Lady Deathstrike is one of Wolverine 's top enemies and as is typical of some of his greatest enemies she has claws . She 's always been a visually interesting comic character due to her over long cybernetic arms and crazy stretched out claw hands . She has top notch fighting skills which make her all the more dangerous.Her cyber arms and hands look good and her body is a thin female and her outfit matches the comics spot on but then you hit her face sculpt . I do n't know what happened . Marvel Legends line figures typically sport top notch sculpting but her face is smooth with zero expression . She 's usually pretty mad all the time so I 'd expect at least a scowl or something but she has this blank no-expression look on her face . She looks like a Stepford Wife from the neck up . No matter what cool fighting pose she is in it is thrown off by the vapid expression of her face . She does have decent articulation but I was disappointed that the fingers were not individually articulated . You 'd think that would be a shoe in for a person with foot long fingers . Oh well.Her accessories include a comic , a VS card ; you can use the card board back as a backdrop if you want using an included stand and upper torso/head of the build a figure , Onslaught.Onslaught himself is a bit of an unusual cat . A kind of solid projection of Professor X 's bad side combined with a bit of Magneto and taken a life of its own he was bad news for a while . Not sure if he was really that popular a villain though , although he did set some heavy events into motion . The figure is not the giant build a figure -LRB- BAF -RRB- we 're used to from past series and is more in scale with the regular big figures like Abomination . However , he is really massive , as in heavy and bigger than most any regular figure but do n't expect a giant . He comes up to about Apocalypse 's waist . He is really detailed too though and has tons of articulation so is a cool figure and they went all out on the sculpt . Still , it would have been neat to see him in a bit of a bigger size .
 When I first received this lunch box , I was dismayed to see that there was a bar code printed on it . Otherwise it seemed fine , so I began using it to pack my kindergartener 's daily snacks in . It 's a bit small for snack , lunch , and water bottle , but it 's fine for the days he does n't need lunch . However , it 's really poorly constructed . The clasp lost a screw within the first week , and the entire lid came off today when it fell off the counter . I was able to get it back on and bend the metal hinge into shape so that -LRB- hopefully -RRB- it 'll hold up a little longer , but we 've been using it for about a month , and it already needs to be replaced .
 Very frustrated with this product and their customer service . Ca n't seem to find a compatible `` code '' to enter for my DVD player . . and thus the DVD game wo n't work until it recognizes your DVD player . I have contacted customer service twice and so far to no resolution . I will try to contact them one more time and if no luck then I guess I will have to return the game .
 I purchased this item on November 13th and I am writing this review Dec 19th having still not recieved the item . I have written countless emails , to amazon and the seller personally with no respond . So on a rating from , 1-10 I would say my experiance with this seller and amazon are a 0 ...
 Do not buy this pacifier chain . We rcvd . as gift and was happy to have . However , my 7.5 month somehow pulled the knot , the only thing holding the beads on , and when we looked down he was covered in the wooden beads . Thank goodness he did n't swallow one ... but it was close call . There is nothing to stop all the small beads to pull off once the knot is undone . A very dangerous product for infants/toddlers .
 I was SO embarassed that this basket was sent to my family member . It SOUNDS like a GREAT basket and it is IF it 's what they were sending . All that yummy chocolate and cheese with a cheese knife and white chocolate and nuts , etc. . I ordered two of these for different family members in a week span . This is what they actually received : Wish them a happy birthday with this unique gift ensemble . Complete with Mrs. Fields decadent chocolate covered graham crackers , Ghirardelli rich and creamy double chocolate hot cocoa , Ahmad English tea , Mariani Dried Fruit Mix with pineapples , apricots , papayas , apples , raisin and coconut , Hamilton House sugar cookies and one charming bear with `` Happy Birthday '' embroidered on his sage sweater , this unique gift will convey your feelings to family and friends . Gift Size
 Not extemely impressed about this product - its was just something I bought to go with the Dora Castle . My daughter has probably had it in her hand a total of two times - she just does n't find it interesting enough to play with .
 The stain color of the cabinet does not match the picture on the Internet . It is much darker than it appears . Almost more like a chocolate brown . I mean other than that it appears to be OK . I was hoping to have it match the color of the other furniture downstairs .
 The only thing that works on this vehicle is the marketing . My 5 year old really wanted this toy and we searched high and low to find it for christmas ... It seemed so cool , until we tried to fold it up , it was nearly impossible to fold it up correctly . The pieces were so flimsy that they broke . When we finally would get it closed up -LRB- to the hummer -RRB- stuff would pop open when we were trying to play with it . This is an inferior product and unfortunatly the company is not fixing it since they are re-marketing it this christmas .
 Bought this toy when my boy was 8 1/2 now a year has gone by and he played with it once . I read reviews on how difficult it is too close and they are true . It is just a little track inside a huge truck . Not worth the money . I would say that this toy is more for a 5 year old who likes to play with cars still .
 We bought this for our son for Christmas . Too bad the hummer is n't as it is represented on the commercial . It sounds like it is breaking apart when you unfold it , and it takes too much time to set up the track . The front hood keeps falling off no matter how you snap it onto the push pins . Folding it back up is a bigger nightmare . The hummer wo n't stay together and wobbles like an old jalopy when it is pushed like a car . We contacted Playmates and they indicated the `` breaking noise '' and hood falling off were normal . I would hate to see what they consider defective !!! Thank goodness we saved our box and receipt . We returned the toy to the store and got our money back . I wish the scale started at zero because we would have rated it zero stars across the board .
 My 3 year old son saw this on TV and went nuts ! I also liked the idea and made sure I hunted one down for him for Christmas . I was very excited to give it to him.Christmas day came and what a disappointment ! The H2 looks great when together but when opened up it becomes a maze of sliding and snap-together roadways that are very difficult to configure.After about 10 minutes of fiddling around with it -LRB- by me , this was far beyond any youngster -RRB- I got it set up.Of course this prompted my boy to ask to make it into an H2 again . That ended another 10 minutes later with several of the parts missing . I simply could not get the thing to fold up!The next day in a bit calmer setting I did get it together but only after careful examination of all the sides , snaps and hinges.You may think I am mechanically inept ... You decide . I have a Mechanical Engineering Degree and 10 years experience . I worked on aircraft for 10 years , I have rebuilt numerous automotive engines and suspensions for fun.We took our H2 back . Save yourself the trouble and don ; t buy it to begin with .
 I hate to sound like scrouge , but I give this toy a MAJOR `` bah humbug '' ! My husband and I ordered this for our boys -LRB- ages 4 and 5 -RRB- several weeks ago , but waited until Christmas Eve morning to take it out of the box and look at it . There was no question that we were willing to fight the Christmas Eve crowds at the store and wait in looooong check-out lines to get our boys a DIFFERENT toy . There was no way this hummer was making it under the tree . If two highly educated adults could n't get the thing set up and taken down correctly there was no way a four and five year old were going to be successful . After several frustrating minutes of snapping all the flimsy track into place we were disappointed that the cars would n't even run well on the track . We worked and worked to try to fold it up properly to get it back in the box but we never could get it just right . The brittle plastic is such junk you are just sure the thing is going to crack at any second . There is no way it would stand up to a young active boy . The term `` poor quality '' would be a generous overstatement . There was not one single appealing thing about this toy . Bad quality , bad design , and inadequate instructions . This toy was a total disappointment .
 My mom got htis for me and although the concept is good I do n't love it . It is a pain to put away by myself . i thought it would fold up but I have to take pieces off . Some are loose . The tracks are short . I like my hotweheels tracks instead . THe speedeez work great on them and that is OK . It is not that I ca n't do it it just takes too long and when you are a busy kid time counts . So I will use my other tracks till something better comes out . I do like the Hummer that came in it . The mini one .
 My 7 year old son was thrilled when he opened this gift - something he really wanted . The raceway was easy to put together however , it it does not fold back up easily - if at all . The latches do not stay and most everything pops open once you try to pick it up -LRB- not mobile -RRB- . Unfortunately , the speed launcher does not stay attached and we have to manually push down on it while launching.Very disappointed with the durability and agility .
 I agree with most of the other reviews . This was purchased as a gift for my son , for Christmas . I wish I had checked it out before my son saw it , I would have returned it . Not only was it difficult to set up , it was more difficult to transform back into the Hummer . I find myself telling my son to play with it as a truck , not the city . What an expensive truck . Very disappointed . Never even heard back from Playmates when I tried to email them .
 Bought this for my 4 1/2 year old for Christmas 2003 . It was all he asked for and talked about . `` It 's sooo Cool '' , he would tell everybody . This was `` IT '' . This was all that he wanted , nothing else.What a HUGE disappointment , and HEADACHE !!! . So sad . I was so disappointed . When you try to shut the truck the thing cracks and sounds like it is going to break to pieces . The track is a definite pain ... to put together and , if you are lucky enough to figure it out , an even worse pain ... to close up . The fron breaks off every single time and the tower part seems to have broken now too . I spent over an hour determined to make this work for my son . I can not even imagine dealing with this toy every day that my son would want to play with this . If you want constant stress , disappointment , and frustration thn I would reccommend this toy . Otherwise do not buy it !!! Note
 My 5 yr old son saved his money and waited months to get this toy . What a disappointment it was . After we unfolded it , it was hard to get back togethet -LRB- I had to do it -RRB- . It is made out of cheap plastic and in turn breaks easily . We gave it away quickly and learned that toys such as this do not work as they appear on tv .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas , but was trying to put it together when it arrived . It was a big headache ! It sounds like you are breaking it when you try to `` unfold '' it and it is n't very easy to put together and twice as hard to put back . I did n't even let my son see it , I just put it back in the box and returned it . It looks like it will be broken in a few days .
 STAY AWAY ! The commercial looks amazing but basically this is three short tracks and they just roll down them . Besides being quite boring , it took me over an hour to try to fold it back together and even then it would n't close . I put it right back in the box and returned it for something else . Also , the rep at Toys R Us told me quite a few were being returned . You would think such garbage would be pulled from the shelf . It was a lesson for my 4 year old on how things are not always how they appear on TV !
 why cant every thing be like the old tonka toys indestructable.i bought this for my 6 year old son.which he is quite carefullfor a little boy.the hummer 2 is a faulty toy it sounds like it is going to break every time you open it . he hood has already broken off 1one ! day.forget trying to put it back to hummer mode . very unhappy with design . taking it back tommorrow !!!! p.s was not easy to find almost attacked in store because it was the last one . i wished ilet them have it
 This toy was on the top of my son 's Christmas list . As soon as we opened the box and took out the toy , my husband and I could see it was poorly made . We could not even open the truck without feeling it was about to break into pieces . I immediately got it back into the box and told my son we would bring him to the store for something else . I wish I had read the reviews here first , before purchasing .
 We bought this toy for my sons 5th birthday . Wow what a disappointment ... I would like to see one child be able to set this toy up and fold it back down . Way too complicated and now most of the time it just sits in a big pile of pieces in the corner because nobody wants to tackle the task of cleaning it up only to have it fall apart again during just simple pushing around of the H2 . When it is set up the boys only play with it for minutes because there really is n't much to do . Yet another waste of money . DO NOT buy this toy !!! Ours will eventually end up in the great toy graveyard .
 We bought the hummer for our son for Christmas , as most did . My husband pulled it out of the box , as my son 's eyes gleamed with joy , but what with his wondering eyes did he see , a box full of poorly constructed yellow plastic with a hood that collasped in my husband 's hands . The joints are poorly made and crack as you try to assemble it . Once put together it was ... okay . Do n't even try to resume into hummer mode , that is just not possible for a child to do by himself or herself ! Yes , I could do it with patience as others have stated , however this is not an adult toy , but rather created for children to play with ! The heartbreaking part is our son does n't understand how or why Santa would make a toy that would fall apart -LRB- the hood -RRB- or was so hard for him to play with by himself . Needless to say it will be RETURNED ! After all even Santa makes mistakes !
 Playmates should be ashamed . What a piece of junk . This is not for anyone who wants a toy that lasts more than 1 hour . The tabs that keep the track together break too easily , the track pieces bend in ways they should n't bend , the mirrors on the truck make setting it up awkward . Just a piece of junk . You are better off donating your $ 40 than wasting your money on this .
 I bought this toy for my son . He wanted it for Christmas . It is not durable . It is a cute idea the hummer that turns into a race track . I would not recommend this toy for a child under the age of 12 years . It was pretty pricy for what we got .
 We bought this for our 5 year old son for Christmas . It is a peice of junk ! The peices do n't stay together and every time we try to make it back into the hummer it sounds like it is breaking and peices fall off . My son likes the toy , but complains all the time about it falling apart . I would not bother spending the amount of money they want for this toy !!! I was VERY dissapointed in this toy !
 I searched every store for this Hummer for my son for Chanukkah . Everytime he saw the commercial he would ask for it . From the looks of it on the commercial I thought it looked like a great present . My search began . This Hummer was no where to be found . I checked Ebay , the prices were so high for this one toy , plus the shipping , so I decided to not bid , but continue my search . One day while in Target , I found one just laying there , not even in the toy aisle . I grabbed it with delight . My son opened it and was thrilled . We went to start playing and the toy was made horrible . It was so hard to open and then you had to set up the tracks . When you are done playing you had to disassemble to track , some stayed attach to the truck and some you just tucked away inside . Trying to close it was nothing like the commercial , most of the pieces had to be taken apart . Closing the hummer was very hard . The actual plastic was made very poorly.Advice to Parents ... If your child asks for one , try to bring his attention to something much better ... This way there is no dissappointment . Our Hummer is back at target and my money is back in my wallet and will be spend on a much better made toy for my son.Sincerely , Beth
 This toy is way too diificult for my EIGHT year old to put together and fold up ! I have to do it and it takes me 10 minutes and some colorful language everytime ! Get the Stunt City by MicroMachines . We got that one for the 10 year old and it 's much better , more fun and totally self contained . The Hummer ranks up there with the worst toys I 've ever bought and I have three boys and a lot of experience with choosing toys for them .
 what a piece of junk ! I hunted everywhere to find this because my 6 year old son just had to have it . I was so excited when I found it , that did n't last long . Once you open it , you may never get it back to the Hummer again ! We gave up on trying to get it back together and just let him play with it open . That was fine until he wanted to take it for show and tell at school . After he messed with it , to the point of crying , I tried again to get it back together . No luck ! He took something else . He was crying , wanting me to take it back and get him a different toy . This toy is a complete waste of money and I am sorry I got it . I will remember to stay away from Speedez toys in the future . Even when it is left open , the tracks are difficult to put together and never really fit the right way . It makes awful clunking sounds when you open and close it . The hood piece never fits on again and seems as if you have broken it when it comes off . Most of the track pieces need to be removed before you can attempt to close it , of course you never really get it closed again . You ca n't tell if the track pieces are suppossed to come off or if you have just broken them . This toy is a total disappointment for all of us . Unless you have lots of money to throw away , stay away from this item , even if it is on clearance it is not worth the shipping charge !
 All my grandson wanted Santa to bring this year was that Hummer H2 . So , of course , I got it the first chance I got ! He was So excited that Santa remembered ! What a frustrating toy not only to assemble but really confusing to put away . The ratings are for 3 yrs and above . That alone should be changed . The front of the truck keeps coming apart from the body of the truck . And when he tries to push it around as a vehicle , his hands hit the release buttons to unfold the truck and the whole thing comes apart . What a big disappointment but thank goodness I kept the box and receipt ! Needless to say , like the person from PA , I have returned it to the store as well .
 All my grandson wanted Santa to bring this year was that Hummer H2 . So , of course , I got it the first chance I got ! He was So excited that Santa remembered ! What a frustrating toy not only to assemble but really confusing to put away . The ratings are for 3 yrs and above . That alone should be changed . The front of the truck keeps coming apart from the body of the truck . And when he tries to push it around as a vehicle , his hands hit the release buttons to unfold the truck and the whole thing comes apart . What a big disappointment but thank goodness I kept the box and receipt ! Needless to say , like the person from PA , I have returned it to the store as well .
 I wish I could rate this less than one star for the durability . It broke Christmas day before my son played with it . I am bringing it back tomorrow . The front part of the car slipped out from the plastic hinges and wo n't stay on so it just breaks . It 's a good idea but just a piece of junk . Keep your receipts !
 i got my son the hummer for christmas 2003 and he wanted me to put it together when i opened the thing up it sounded like i was breaking it and cracking it all up so i got it open and when i got it layed out the hood broke off and that was a pain to put back on needless to say i could not got it back on untill i closed the hummer back up and let me tell you it was no fun getting it closed the was thinking that maybe you could just close it right up no way you have to take it apart then you can close it up then you would have to pray that your son will not want to play with the inside anymore because a 4 year old could not put it together by himself the age should be aless 10 on this toy i am 26 and i still was having problems putting it together and taking it apart and the bad thing i am suck with it because my husband broke the box up and throw it away before i got to see what real pain this toy really is i wish i would have never got this toy for him and he does not even play with it because he does not want to see me mad like that again the toy sucks
 I bought this for my 11-yr-old niece and she quickly discovered the holes in the beads were so small the thread would n't fit through several of them . So now I 'm off to Michael 's in search of some finer thread . Grrr !
 I bought a shell jewelry kit for my granddaughter and planned to help her with it . The box shows a display of cute items on sweet little hands . Numerous problems inside the box , however . Not enough shells or beads to make the items photographed . Not enough thread to begin with . Next , the bead and shell holes are WAY too tiny to be threaded ; hence it is virtually impossible to create the jewelry . The supplied needle when threaded ca n't get through the holes either . This gift was a disappointment and a bust , and the manufacturer must know it ! Toy stores beware !
 This is impossible to do . The directions are VERY complicated and the holes in the shells are so small the string does n't fit through . I tried this project with my 9 year old granddaughter and it was totally frustrating . We threw the whole thing in the trash . The shells are n't even usable for gluing onto construction paper . Waste of time .
 Not as fun as some other money mazes I 've used . Even with multiple correct attempts it tended to stick . I almost did n't get the money into it before the party because it would not open right .
 I am very unhappy with this dress . It is practically too small and too short for my 28 pound daughter . The waist is so scratchy that she cries when you try to put it on . Even with a slip underneath , it hurts her waist . For a few dollars more you can buy a dress that is much more comfortable and fun to wear .
 I bought this for a stocking stuffer . Lo and behold , when it arrived it was nearly a foot tall ! There are no measurements -LRB- except weight -RRB- in the products description . Since it was labeled as a toy , I assumed it to be at least as small as the drink it mimics . Now that I bought this for my mom , I 'll never hear the end of it !
 The product description says ` Frog and Toad Together Frog Plush Toy , 6.5 . ' A more accurate description would be ' 6.5-Inch Frog Plush Toy From The Books By Arnold Lobel . ' I reasonably thought I was getting ` Frog ' AND ` Toad . ' But I got just ` Frog . ' Nobody wants just one . Should be sold as a pair . Product description should be fixed .
 I bought this Dora for my little girl who loves Dora , but it was n't what I expect.She looked excited with the doll , but not with its functions . Finally she took Dora like another baby doll with diaper . Nothing excited .
 My son loved this at first , but upon realizing that there is no officer , I told him we would use of the one hundred or so figurines we have . NONE OF THEM FIT on the motorcycle as it 's bit and even his big wrestler figurines are too short . Also , when you hit button for bike to move on its own , it moves about 5 inches then stops . I went on the web site to find an officer that fit and they have no figurines listed . OVerall , i would not recommend it .
 Highly disturbed that I did not receive a response to my query that the color did not match the photo , but I should have read more carefully in the add that the color may not be the one received . I did however ask why the hood of the car was a different color than the rest of the car , alas no response . Poor customer relations . Will not purchase from again .
 My 6-year-old twin boys were so excited to play with their Fly Wheels Twin Launcher and Ramp set along with the individual Fly Wheels they received for Christmas . However , that excitement was short lived because these toys are so poorly made that they were almost broken within a half hour of use . My husband supervised and assisted them and came in mumbling `` What a bunch of junk ! '' I plan on returning them because I 'm not spending my hard-earned money on what will be tomorrow 's trash . To say the least , we were all very disappointed .
 I was disappointed by the quality of this lion . It was not as soft as I expected it to be , and seemed dingy . I ended up returning it .
 We have lots of Folkmanis puppets . My favorite is the Pirate . He has a glove on the back so he 's easy to manipulate . Princess , Prince , Queen and King are different however . You put your thumb in one sleeve , your pinky in the other sleeve and your index or middle finger in the head in order to make the puppet move . It is not very easy . It is almost impossible for my 7 year old to move the puppet because her hand is so small that the span between thumb and pinky does n't reach the sleeves/hands of the puppet . I 'm not sure why all the 5 star reviews . We have the Prince with the blue cape and crown -LRB- old model -RRB- . I am not sure if they improved him and made him more like the Pirate -LRB- who has a glove on the back -RRB- or not . But I would n't buy them the way they are if I 've seen them in the store . Buying online is sometimes hard .
 My son bought this item from Amazon . There is no where in the Amazon description that indicates that the software will only work on Microsoft XP and earlier editions . Our computer has Windows Vista , which means there is no way to view the photographs , so now we have to deal with the return process , and will probably lose our shipping costs . Do n't buy this item if you have a MAC , or a PC with the Vista operating system .
 We have lots of Folkmanis puppets . My favorite is the Pirate . He has a glove on the back so he 's easy to manipulate . Princess , Prince , Queen and King are different however . You put your thumb in one sleeve , your pinky in the other sleeve and your index or middle finger in the head in order to make the puppet move . It is not very easy . Princess head is very wobbly and it 's almost impossible for my 7 year old to do it because her hand is so small that the span between thumb and pinky does n't reach the sleeves/hands of the puppet . I 'm not sure why all the 5 star reviews . We have the Princess with the yarn hair -LRB- old model -RRB- . New model has `` natural '' hair . I am not sure if they improved her and made her more like the Pirate -LRB- who has a glove on the back -RRB- or not . But I would n't buy them the way they are if I 've seen them in the store . Buying online is sometimes hard.EDITED
 My sister wanted to purchase my son a saucer and we both did lots of research before deciding on this one for my 4 month old -LRB- at the time -RRB- . We tried it several times for 1 1/2 months -LRB- he 's now 6 months -RRB- and he just seemed bored with it -- never was interested in anything , but the microphone . The biggest issue I believe was that the sound only came from one place whenever you hit anything on the saucer -- so , my son kept trying to look behind him . It did n't actually show cause and effect with each toy . So , we took it back , but this time we took my son with us and we put him in various saucers to see which one he liked better or seemed interested in -- he took to the Baby Einstein one immediately where he was overwhelemed with the Evenflo SmartSteps and did n't fit right in others . We put him in at home on day 1 and he was spinning and playing with the various toys . He was having fun ! My recommendation for parents is to wait until your child is about 5 months and then take them to the store and let them help you choose what will work best for them because every baby is different and what may work for one baby may not for another . I just wish I had done this a month ago instead of thinking he 'd grow to like this toy . But , at least we figured it out and he 's happy with his Baby Einstein now .
 I 'm a grandma , and embarrassingly bought this for my 4-month-old granddaughter . Had used a different brand , and thought this one HAD to be more instuctional -- it was a Leap Frog ! Wrong . It lights up numbers when it says A - B - C . It plays songs but the lights do n't relate to whether the notes are high or low . It calls out the tempo -LRB- tango , swing , salsa , etc -RRB- when no 4 - or even 8-month old will care , or understand . If the baby happens to push on the big silver ball , the lights BEHIND her light up , where she ca n't possibly see the cause-and-effect relationship . This is what happens when Grandma picks it out on the internet , and trusts a brand . Go look at others and pick a different one - one for an infant!Why did I give it any stars ? Easy to assemble , portable , easily adjusts for height .
 We bought this toy for our 5 month old baby and the first time she was in it she pushed the microphone away from her and it quickly came back and hit her in the eye . It was quite a hard hit and caused her to have a bruise . This was very disturbing and potential buyers definately need to be aware of this danger . When you see this toy at the store take your hand and pull the microphone back with the other hand and see how hard the impact is when it hits your hand and then imagine that is your baby 's face ... scary !!!!
 I was given this gift for my daughter . She was only able to use if for one month . By the time she was 5 months old she was flat footed in it . I called the company and wrote to them on numerous occassions to see if I could get credit of some new product . They promised numerous times to get back to me but never did . I finally went on the Better Business Bureau and there are several complaints against them for poor customer service .
 My 6 month old kept getting hurt with this toy . First the seat has no cushion at all and my child kept leaning forward in the seat . Then she kept hitting her eye on the microphone . On the record player the arm that you pull down to play the record her finger kept getting stuck between the arm and the record , and she would also pinch her finger on the page that you turn on the book . She does n't even like to see the toy she is so terrified of it . This toy is all ready to go back to the store .
 I bought this item for my 4 month old son for christmas . I thought it was nice for about a month until he kept leaning on the purple number 5 button . He leaned on it very fast , and the `` F '' word is what it came out !! I am so mad that they did n't do the testing on this . Children do n't press buttons , then let go . If this is one of his first words , I 'll be suing
 This exersaucer does not adjust high enough and my almost 10 month old launched himself out of it headfirst . Also the music is annoying and the microphone makes noise if you walk by it .
 I recently purchased the Leapfrog Learn and Groove Activity Station . I was a bit hesitant to purchase it because I noticed that the product was not height rated as most of the other brands of activity stations are.I still got it , however , because I really loved the theme , music , and toys . I was very , very disappointed to see that my 8mth old that 's in the 50 percentile in height was already on the highest height setting and would likely outgrow the product soon . Since there was no way I was paying $ 80 for something my son would only use for a very short time , I reluctantly took it back for a refund.I ended up purchasing the Baby Einstein Activity Station by Graco which is height rated to 32 '' . Based on comparing the Learn and Groove height setting to Baby Einstein 's , I 'd say that the Learn and Groove is only height rated to about 27 '' -28 '' . From a toy and music perspective , the Learn and Groove is heads and tails above the other Activity Stations on the market . In fact , it was my favorite toy that I had gotten my son . However , the height problems with this product far outweigh any positives .
 I am a huge LeapFrog fan . My 3 year old has most of the toys they offer and has learned all of her letters and sounds from their wonderful Letter Factory video and Letter Magnets . She ca n't get enough of the LeapFrog toys and videos . I am also a kindergarten teacher . When I meet with parents , I tell them to buy the Letter Factory and Letter Magnets to help their children learn the standards . When parents ask for suggestions for Christmas presents , I tell them anything LeapFrog ! So when I discovered that they came out with this toy , I was thrilled . I searched one down that very day and proudly put my 4 month old son in it . It was the most boring toy I have ever seen . The buttons are too hard to push and it only has a few toys . The only toy he was even slightly interested in was the microphone - to chew on . The only good thing about this toy was that it held him upright . I kept trying and finally wrote a letter to the company . They wrote back , asking if I had taught him to use the toys - how ridiculous . He 's a baby - he needs to be able to enjoy the toys freely . I promptly exchanged it for the wonderful Evenflo saucer that has about 15 toys - music , lights , hanging toys . It is full of fun at every turn .
 Our 6-month-old son has loved this activity station -LRB- especially the microphone -RRB- for over a month , but he discovered two serious defects during this past week . First , two of his fingers got stuck under the record player -LRB- another reviewer identified the same problem -RRB- . Second , while turning the book page he got one of his fingers caught behind it . We were right there both times and so were able to remove his fingers before he hurt them too badly -LRB- e.g. , by twisting in the seat while his fingers were still caught -RRB- , but he got really scared both times . We will not use this station again , which is a shame because he really did like it .
 MY SON IS NOW 5 MONTHS OLD . HE HAS BEEN USING THIS TOY FOR ABOUT A MONTH AND ABSOLUTELY LOVES IT !! HE WAS REALLY INTERESTED IN THE LIGHTS AND MUSIC AT FIRST -LRB- AND STILL IS -RRB- . NOW HE 'S STARTING TO PLAY WITH EVERYTHING . HE WAS PLAYING WITH THE RECORD PLAYER AND GOT HIS FINGERS STUCK . THAT IS THE ONLY DEFECT I HAVE FOUND BUT I THINK IT 'S A PRETTY MAJOR ONE . I STILL LET HIM PLAY IN IT BUT I HAVE TO BE RIGHT THERE TO TURN HIM AWAY FROM THAT PART . IT 'S A SHAME BECAUSE THAT IS HIS FAVORITE PART OF THE TOY .
 I am a 1st time Mom and rely heavily on reading reviews before buying new toys . I labored over which stationary entertainment toy to buy for my 4 month old and decided on the Leap Frog Learn & Groove because it looked so fun & educational AND had so many good reviews . I ca n't tell you how disappointed I am ! The only toy he will play with is the microphone . The microphone is meant to be a teether , but the way it is made he ca n't even pull it down to reach his mouth ! He ends up getting frustrated and loses interest all together . Today he got his little fingers trapped under the record player toy and let out an intense scream that broke my heart . I immediately called the store I bought it from and being that I do n't have the receipt or the box looks like I 'm stuck with it . I ended up calling Leap Frog to voice my complaint . They said that `` someone from Corporate had to call me back being that it was a safety issue '' . I highly reccomend ANY OTHER stationary toy over this one . What a waste of $ 90 !!!!!
 The pictures for this item are misleading ! I looked and looked to find auto bingo for my family of 4 and was very happy with this product , however , when it arrived there were only 3 bingo cards in the case . Both pictures posted on Amazon show 4 cards each so this was upsetting . The pictures on amazon are just like the picture on the product itself except someone added an additional card on the Amazon pictures ... please change the pictures to accurately depict this item .
 This was way too hard . You have to continuously look out of the window for people , places , or things . Some of the bingo spaces were for things you are NEVER going to see out of the window ! My 6 year old and 9 year old gave up after 15 minutes . Poorly designed .
 The item was not worth the money . The dress is cheap polyester , the sparkles get all over the place , and it did not come with the crown and torch shown . I was totally disappointed with this purchase .
 My son received this for Christmas . The first car would not even move or shoe that it even had power . The replacement that was sent was without the night vision -LRB- which was on the first car -RRB- . but it did moved in about 1/2 '' jerks . Never smooth and the eye peice was nothing but `` white '' . I gave up and requested a refund . My son has been terribly disappointed . I called Wild Planet for 2 weeks before I received a response 1 week after my last call . All the tech reviews of this product were positive . I guess I just got a `` lemon '' evidently 2 of them .
 I wanted to buy this for my kid , but i do n't make 70 grand a year . I had to wait until this paycheck to purchase , it went from 58 to 92 ! WTF ?!!!!
 I bought this expensive toy for my son 's birthday and it NEVER worked . The controller does not get a signal and there is nothing in the manual about how to solve this issue . We discovered a tiny `` sync '' button on the controller and on the car itself , but still does n't work . I called Wild Planet and have left SEVERAL messages during business hours and no one has returned my call . I finally got a person on live chat who suggested I repress the sync buttons , did that AGAIN ... the car still does n't work . Then they asked me to ship the car to them to have it refurbished !!! ugh ! I 'm returning this one . Now that I have read other reviews online , I wish I had bought something else for my son so he would n't have suffered such a huge disappointment on his 6th birthday .
 I bought this spy car for my grandson . My son put the batteries in the car and it started smoking and smelled like burning rubber . Boy , am I disappointed .
 I have to wonder if anyone associated with the packaging of this toy actually has children . This was the MOST frustrating packaging I have ever encountered -LRB- and I have two daughters who love Barbie , so that really is saying something -RRB- . We actually had to purchase a new screwdriver to unscrew the plastic backing from several of the screws they used to bolt the product to the box . None of our Philips screwdrivers worked . I would recommend that this company review the memories they wish to create for the holidays . We spent two hours of our Christmas Day trying to get this noisy supposed `` spy car '' out of the box . Finally , we had to give up until the next day when the hardware store reopened . Do not buy this product unless you have a really expansive tool set and a great deal of patience .
 Bought for my 9 year old son ... it worked for about 2 days . Took it back and got a refund . I have seen other reviews that say the same thing ... do n't waste your time !!!!!!!!
 The cost is more than it is worth . Grandma bought it for my son for Christmas . He played with it for two days then it went in the closet and still sits there today . The technology was cool , but my son got bored with it fast .
 This thing is on sale for $ 79 everywhere else . I have no idea why they think they can sell it for $ 399 .
 I suffer from voyeuristic obsessions that my psychologist says borderlines on the psychotic . Anyway , when I saw this advertised , I thought it would be a very effective way for me to spy on my family and neighbors . Boy , was I disappointed ! While the product works properly -LRB- sending a wireless feed from the camera in the car to the viewfinder -RRB- , as an actual tool for spying , it is practically useless . I was instantly `` made '' by my intended targets within seconds of my initial field tests . Boy , were they angry!I think the biggest flaw in the design -LRB- what gave me away -RRB- is the presence of a remote controlled car with a camera mounted on it . My targets figured out right away that they were being observed from a remote location . Maybe if they made the car really , really small , it would work better .
 This sounded cute , so I bought it for my three year old grandson . There is nothing to it . There a so few different pieces that it is useless . I actually should return it , but it 's such a hassle ...
 This item just did n't fit well on any of our baby seats . In baby 's infant carrier , when strapped on it came too close to baby 's face . If you tried to attach it to the very top -LRB- as the photo on the package shows , -RRB- then it is too FAR away from baby for him to reach . Maybe it was designed too long ago with out-dated seats/carriers . We bought it of course because of the primary black , white and red stimulating colors and patterns , but you ca n't utilize it if it wo n't fit on the intended baby seat ! My suggestion to the manufacturer would be an extra ridgid bracket that could be used optionally to help place the toy bar farther or closer to baby 's head and face , depending on your car seat/carrier type .
 i bought this toy b/c 1 it was -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- 2 it was black , red , and white to stimulate my sons eyes 3 it came w / a spinning rattle , mirror , plays music , and has toys to bat at . but when i put it on the carseat handle my son would just look at it for a few minutes ... then hed bat at it and b/c its made of hard plastic hed start crying b/c he hurt himself . how i keep it just out of his reach and play the music . i recommend getting the sunny safari mini-mobile instead . i also own that and my son adores it .
 We were expecting a nice Disney game with characters like Mickey Mouse , Goofy , etc. . We were n't expecting references to the Occult . If this bothers you , then this is NOT the version for your family . We returned this game .
 Our son loves Mater so I bought two of these after reading the reviews . Within two days both had lost a wheel and the teeth detached from one of them . The side mirrors and hook are flimsy plastic and will probably break soon too . They had been knocked off a coffee table , or dropped accidentally , but every other kid toy seems to be built with this eventuality in mind and holds up . I would not recommend this toy for a child that is in any way rough on toys . I only hope the super glue holds them together long enough for him to move on to something else .
 Good as collectables , not so good as actual toys that you play with.My daugter has broken the hook off of Mater -LRB- bought her a new one -RRB- , broken the wheel off of Dynaco McQueen , and broken the front axle off of the tractor . Mater 's tow equipment is made with a softer cheaper plastic than the rest of the toy , and I expect the new one to break any day now.Without being too sexist , I want to point out that my 4 year old daughter is probably more gentle on them than the average boy playing with them . They have never entered a sandbox . They have not been stood on , nor thrown , nor been monster-trucked by a bicycle.While I will still probably buy more , as my daughter loves the Cars movie and wants to own them all , -LRB- including Frank , which they do not make -RRB- I would say to all
 I 'm very upset with the quality of these Disney Cars toy cars ! These break so easily . My son has had Mater for only 3 months and its already starting to break . The mirrors on the side are falling off . Having the same problem with the `` Mac '' truck he got at the same time . I 've had to return several Disney Cars products bought on this site because they literally broke after being used one or two times . Disney - so disappointed with your Cars products !
 Before you purchase Cars or any other Mattel product , please consider Mattel relies on Indonesia 's rain-forests for it 's packaging and is putting endangered Orang-utans and Tigers at risk . Indonesia 's last remaining Orangutans and Tiger rely on this habitat and will surely vanquish for the earth forever if this process does not stop ; all for the sake a toy packaging , rediculous . Please protest Mattel and choose a more environmentally sustainable toy for your children until Mattel agrees to discontinue this horrible , needless practice .
 It 's simply ridiculous that this toy is built so poorly . It literally broke in 1 hour after it came out of the package . Avoid this one .
 I bought a stuffed dolphin earlier and the one which I ordered for the second time was much smaller than the previous one . I felt cheated .
 there were worn spots at different areas on the dolphin , already ripped 3 days after xmas gift.Was not happy with the purchase
 According to posting it was supposed to be the following in size 5.2 x 2.4 x 2.4 inches.This item was much much smaller .
 I purchased this mouse as a gift for my little son . We used it together for perhaps 10mins after having receiving it less than 6hrs . Now is does not work.I am really unhappy with this and wished I had listened to the previous customer that had the same problem . The idea is good the product is trash.This item is not recommended unless you want a headache .
 I ordered one and after 5 minutes of use , the mouse would no longer move the arrow on screen . I sent it back for another and the second one worked for 10 minutes and then the left button would no longer work . I would not recommend this item to anyone .
 I have used this mouse in a public library setting and it does not hold up very well . The mouse cord seems to fray at the mouse end . It looks great but is not practical for constant use . You would think that when it was originally designed for children 's use they would have incorporated ruggedness into the design too .
 The picture of the drapes show a valance . I ordered two drapes and they did not come with a valance . I was unaware that they were sold separately . I have bought drapes in the past and they always come with a valance . VERY DISAPPOINTED !!
 I purchased this for christmas for my 3 year old and it fell a part with in days . Legs fell off , the back of the chairs fell off and she barley used it . She had one tea party on it when the first leg came off . I would love to blame my husband for putting it together but he is an engineer and new it wasnt his fault . So disapointed and sad , was looking forward to having many teaparties with my daughter on that table and instead we tossed it .
 What a disappointment this set was to me . It is so adorable in the picture and would have been perfect for my daughters room . I ended up returning it because when it arrived the construction was so poor . There were many flaws in the paint and one of the parts was cracked . I ended up buying a Level of Discovery table instead and am very happy with the quality and construction of it .
 This table is charming , very easy to assemble , however , it it the poorest quality peic3e of furniture I 've purchased for any of my three children . Within one week , my two year old daughter accidentally knocked over the very light chair , and the knob broke and another piece chipped off . There are other places on the table where pieces have chipped off . As pretty as the table is , it is very poor quality and I would not recommend purchasing it .
 The toy itself is cute and my daughter loved it when she saw it christmas morning . Downsides
 Its just a so so product for the price . I would not buy this again .
 While this toy was very cute and my 3 year old really loved it , the Ariel fell apart almost instantly !! Her body crumpled into pieces !! I would not buy this again
 This product arrived in bad shape.It had been opened before and someone returned it with visible dog hair all in the package.When I did open it king Triton was broken at the pivot point.Ariel and King Triton both have movable bodies . They are easily broken.I would not recommend because they are not going to last .
 Looks like a cute set but ours got here in pretty bad shape . The box was beaten up and Ariel 's arm was totally off her body . It was really frustrating because I had ordered it as a birthday gift to be given the next day .
 THE DOLL IS HEAVY . IT ONLY CAME WITH 2 DIAPERS . THEREFORE , THE DOLL COULD NO LONGER BE FED OR GIVEN A DRINK AFTER 1 FEEDING . MY DAUGHTER WAS EXCITED ABOUT THE FACT THAT THE DOLL HAD REAL BODILY FUNTIONS . HOWEVER , SHE WAS DISAPPOINTED BECAUSE SHE WENT THROUGH THE 2 DIAPERS AFTER 1 FEEDING .
 I got the baby alive Hispanic doll for my daughter for Christmas . I opted for the Hispanic doll becuase I thought my daughter would learn a bit of the two languages as we speak French primarily in our home.I must have received a broken doll because our doll is nothing like the description . She does not speak English at all ... you can press her bracelet a million times and no English . And when she does speak , her English is slurred and unintelligible . We have contacted Amazon several times and have had them decline a return . After 2 months , we are still wiating for her to eat and fall asleep . VERY DISAPPOINTING ! Would not recommend at all !!! The reason that this rating received one star is because my daughter loves her death even though she does nothing .
 The dog , Pug is just ok in my opinion . his eyes are very sticky , and cloudy , and scratched up . . Not sure why he arrived this way is n't this a new item ? , not used ? Appears used . . , if it 's used it should be stated so in the description !!!
 I had planned to use this game at a large dinner party . Unfortunately this game uses such obscure and/or old-fashioned sayings that everyone had trouble guessing what they were and the person doing the charade had difficulty coming up with useful clues . After several rounds , it was clear that no one was having fun and the game was ended . I do not plan to use this game again . So save your money .
 My family have played charades for more than 20 years . We love it and were very excited when this game `` CLAIMED '' to have updated titles . All the titles we had were from 1900 - 1960 . We could n't find ANYTHING that was remotely recent . While we still played it but was incredibly frustrating as no one had a point of reference . A real bummer !
 This Charades version was very difficult -LRB- not for families -RRB- and had very tastless gestures pictured for man and woman . I would not recommend it for anyone and will be reuturning it .
 This game , like its predecessor by the same maker , seems to be a collection of the most obscure phrases , movies , books , that no one has every heard of ... Where do they get this stuff ?
 I was very disappointed with this product . All of the ideas to use for Charades were made up for those who lived in the 1950 's . All of the movies and songs were so old that there would have been absolutely no way my child/teen could know . It needs to be updated . Also , I paid extra for faster shipping to be on my doorstep the day of the party for my daughter 's 17th B-Day . I gave Amazon 2 days ... and it landed the day after . Do n't trust the shipping unless you do know for sure it 's going to arrive in one day . It is a mute point since it would n't have done any good anyway ... The whole transaction was a waste .
 This was not the easiest to play and wasnt user friendly for all ages.Amazon 's customer service was outstanding in the return of this product for full credit .
 This product is so awful it actually put me in a bad mood ! Thank goodness I purchased this at a discount because it is not worth the full price -LRB- actually I would n't want it for free it is so bad -RRB- . It 's cheap . It falls over easily causing my child to be annoyed . The slide falls off . Doll gets stuck in slide . The highchair is ridiculous , it 's hard to get doll in and out of and falls over and off of the unit . They include a potty yet the doll ca n't take her pants off , so I guess she just `` tinkles '' through her pants . The one I got must have been defective because she never said `` I did it '' after going potty -LRB- even though left hand was near soap like directions say -RRB- . They include a cookie and sippy cup which does n't trigger the doll to do anything ! Unlike the ones the doll comes with . So my poor daughter ca n't figure out what the problem is and she gets frustrated . I ca n't tell you how stupid this toy is !!!!! Ugh .
 You really need the center to play with the doll unless you have other interactive pieces at home . The food for the doll comes with the center as well as the rooms that make it toddler aged ... my daughter wanted it for the potty training area but when she got it , she realized the doll didnt undress to actually train her.It is a must buy if you get the doll ; just try to buy on sale . I do n't like it because it is hard to store . It is prettly flimsy to break down with every use . You will need somekind of container for the pieces or they are easily lost .
 This toy came down to just $ 10 in the post Christmas sales last year ... for that it is worth it , but I paid almost full price when this first came out and oh , what a waste!My little one liked it ... but the quality was simply awful ! It 's cheap plastic that has the tendancy to pop apart frequently ! The slide falls off , the doors stopped worked at once and would not remain shut ! The high chair falls to pieces regularly and is very difficult to get a toy in and out of . The little deocrative pieces also refuse to stay on.Its cute for a little girl to play with and imagine they are a mommy ... but once you have used the slide , fed baby and put baby on a potty - there is little room for additional activity . Thank goodness for the power of imagination as my little girl used this as a fort and hideaway more than the actual intended use ! She struggled to use this without help as all the pieces would fall off mid play requiring an adult or older sibling to jump in and reassemble!This could have been a lot better quality - but it is this aspect that lets this down the most !
 My daughter likes the slide that keeps falling off , the storage compartment , and the high chair which is difficult for a 2 year old to put the doll in . Of course she loves the blanket and pillow . Other than that it 's very cheaply made and is not worth the money . The pictures are cardboard inserts , that I laminated for extra stability , they have not fallen out . It 's hard to keep the highchair clipped to the side , so dolly falls over frequently . I immediately took away the dry erase marker , or it would have been everywhere . A magnetic board would have been better . . The potty is cute with handsoap that squirts down and toilet paper you can pull out a bit . We are potty training , so this is a bit useful . The potty makes a flushing sound . There are two large buttons that count and say abc 's . The three animals on the top are pointless , they just keep falling off . . Also it has a phone the rings , and a pretend clock . My daughter does like it , so it gets 2 stars for that , but it wo n't last six months . Do n't waste your money !! I just noted the clearance price . If you pay under $ -LSB- ... -RSB- than it 's not a bad toy . Santa unfortunately paid nearly fifty for it after using a ten dollar coupon . Santa was ripped off !!
 might be okay for a calm and careful 7 or 8 year old . My 5 yr . old tore it apart in a minute or less . Comes back apart very easy
 I gave this to my granddaughter and her mother had the hardest time putting it together . Not only are there no instructions -LRB- pictures or text -RRB- , there is no description of anything you can do with the desk and the doll . You have to guess where to push buttons and when . There is also one button that both the desk and the doll talk at the same time . Confusing !!! Really not worth the money spent .
 My daughter had to have this play set to go with the toddler doll -LRB- they are advertised in the same commercial -RRB- . It is cumbersome , clumsy and difficult to play with . It requires more assembly than I would have liked and more space for play that it seems . It is just an awkward toy .
 I usually do n't write reviews but I was very disappointed by this toy and I only paid $ 10.00 with free shipping . It is a total piece of junk . I actually threw it away less than a month after Christmas . My daughter seemed to enjoy it a little when it was assembled but it was constantly falling over and falling apart . If you have younger children in the house , I especially do n't recommend it . It is very cheaply made and does n't hold up to use by children , even when they are being careful .
 This item is very cheaply made . Some parts do not stay together , etc. . I am happy with the price I paid for it through Amazon -- thankfully I did n't pay what it was selling for in stores ! But did notice right after Christmas it was on clearance for approximately 70 % off . That alone lets you know it is not of the best quality . My daughter tried to enjoy this toy , but with pieces falling off she just got fed up . It has been the least played with of her toys . She owns numerous Little Mommy products and really enjoys the dolls . The retail prices of of the Toddler Doll and Activity Center certainly led me to believe they would have been of better quality .
 We bought this for our 5 year old for Christmas and were thoroughly disappointed . It has several cardboard pieces and does n't stay together . I would not recommend this to ANYONE !!
 I bought this crib because the movers broke our original crib and I needed one that Babies R Us had in stock . I wish I had waited , because I HATE this crib , adn will be purchasing another crib soon . The front rail is loud when you lower and raise it . And it lips out if the grooves easily , leaving the rail unattached in the front . It is not obvious when it happens , and I think it is very dangerous . I dont even let my daughter sleep in it because I do not feel she is safe . I thought I would buy a crib that didnt convert , adn use this one for a toddler bed and a full size bed , but it seems it is jsut as bad at those functions . Save your money !
 The wood is nice , but other than that we 're not too happy with it . It claims to be a 5-in-1 crib -- it 's actually 2 in 1 . As a crib it 's okay , except that the rail guides malfunctioned after less than 6 months -- now we ca n't lower the rails . Before the rail guides broke , we liked the way you could lower the rail with one hand , but it 's not silent going up or down , so your baby could wake up from the noise.Once your child learns to climb out , the hardware is included to make a full size head board and footboard out of it -- you would still have to buy the actual bedframe . They advertise that you can turn it into a toddler bed , but when you read the instructions , it just says to remove the rail -- that does n't make it a toddler bed -- a toddler bed needs a toddler rail to hold the child in -- Martinique does not come with the toddler rail , and there is not even one available you can get.Since we do n't have room for a full size bed , we consider the Martinique a big waste of money .
 The table for this set is very nice - it seems sturdy and is well braced . It also went together fairly easily . The bins are a nice touch , but they are a bit cheap . They 're actually two pieces , where the top piece slides onto the lower piece . Picking them up from one end only causes them to flex and bend . The table-top is pretty sturdy as well , although it comes as two pieces cut along the longest direction.The real fault of this set is the train set itself . The tracks are very loose when put together , not to mention when you build the default layout , it does n't even line up correctly . The one corner of the layout is basically bent out of alignment such that it does n't make a 90 degree turn . This causes the pieces to really be tight in that area - I was sure I had made a mistake when building it and spent a good 15 minutes trying to see if I used a wrong piece somewhere . I finally figured out that no , this poor quality track was actually made that way . The second major flaw in the default layout is that one of the elevation pieces , the `` y '' can not be supported properly using the included supports . The support actually can not fit below one piece of the y , so any pressure causes it to fall.Lastly , the train pieces themselves are not made very well , either . The magnets are very weak . The trains are also very light , so when together , they often do a wheelie or they do n't line up properly . Additionally , the one truck has three sets of wheels and it 's impossible to run it through the tighter curving areas of the track - it always jumps the track.Overall , while the table seems nice , the train set just is n't worth much of anything . Therefore , I can not recommend this set .
 We gave this to our 2-year old grandson for Christmas , & he seemed enthused by it . BUT , the tracks are very wobbly and come apart far too easily , especially the sections that are elevated . We glued the trees together , otherwise he would have just kept knocking them over and they fall apart far too easily , so they would have become lost . The train magnets are only strong enough to maintain 3 cars together . I guess only time will tell how much he will play with it , but we think overall , it will cause frustration . Perhaps if the tracks were just flat on the table , it would have been better .
 It says 5 &#34; Tall . NOT TRUE . It is just 3 &#34; . It is tiny . I cant use it for my son 's project.Too bad . It is a well done figure .
 I bought this for my 20 months old son since he likes truck so much . This one looks like the real one , but it is so fragile for playing . My son broke one of the mirror when he just touched the truck . I broke the rope for the door when i carefully tried to open the tractor door . I guess this product meant to be an exhibition for watching instead of a toy to play .
 I ordered a black truck with blue flame -LRB- as the picture/description denotes -RRB- for my nephew for CHRISTmas . I received a white truck with with green flame .
 This relatively fragile acrylic tube was shipped to me in an ENVELOPE . Unsurprisingly it arrived smashed . I would not order from this company again due to their extremely poor packaging choice .
 The Revell Big Boy is really a disappointment . If you are a railway hobbyist , try to buy a Bachmann or the like instead with far superior detailing and accuracy . The Revell is just a cheap representation suitable for kids . Its railing is moded with the boiler but with the space between the railing and the boiler blocked . The end result is like a pair of narrow wings on the boiler . Also , the brakes are missing . It makes the model very uncomfortable to look at . In fact the same problem with the Hudson , another one of the same series by Revell . After 20 years with the completed model , I still cant figure out how the make good the deficit . it seems one day I would have to throw it into the trashbin !!!
 I was browsing the internet for sites that contained electric model steam locomotives . The site that contains the `` Big Boy '' is one that is otherwise exclusively train set locomotives and other products . Nowhere does the description on the `` Big Boy '' say that it is a plastic non-working model kit . If I had wanted a model kit I would have gone to a site for model kits . Revell should not have this product listed on this site .
 very poor quality skate board . I payed $ 10 for it , and that was about how much it was worth . Wheels came off after a day of use from my son .
 The wheels and bearings on this skateboard are a piece of junk . The wheels would barely spin . The grip tape is basically painted on sandpaper , also total junk . It 's really too bad as the deck itself is pretty decent . I would recommend spending a bit more money and buying theAndy Mac Zon Complete Skateboard -LRB- 7.625 x 31.625 -RRB- because for not much more money you get 100 % quality components . I own both and there is a drastic difference in quality .
 The colors of the beads are not as bright and vibrant as pictured . I would not recommend this to a friend the beads look old and not in a vintage way
 I ordered this for my young cousin , but was disappointed with it and actually returned it . I thought it would make a nice gift because it is creative and active , and unlike some other bead jewelry sets for kids , the relatively large wooden beads made it appropriate for younger children . Unfortunately , upon arrival I noticed the colors were ugly and also the box had a very strong smell of paint fumes . The colors were dark in tone -- dark goldenrod instead of bright cherry yellow , mossy green instead of bright green -- and I did n't think they looked very pretty . And if that was n't discouraging enough , the overpowering smell bothered me enough to send it back .
 My daughter is really enjoying stringing things these days and I thought this would be a great next step for her . The reviews were all great except about the paint smell , which I was n't worried about.My daughter was so excited to try these and I thought what great string it has plastic ends which will make it very durable and easy to string ... until I tried one of the butterfly beads . The string goes in fine , but there does n't seem to be anyway to get it all the way through the bead . Once you do n't have the plastic to push on it get stuck 3/4 of the way through ! So frustrating !!! Now I have to go through the trouble and expense of returning it ... maybe I 'll just throw it away!Very disappointed and especially in Melissa & Doug products not being cheap to begin with I expect better design and quality !
 This is a pretty good toy , and lots of fun for a three-year old , but the showcase items , the butterflies , are too wide for the string ! What this means is that the string to put through the beads has a stiff plastic coating on the ends about an inch long to help push through the beads . However , the butterflies are longer than the plastic segment , meaning you can not push the string through . The solution is to find something small and pointed , such as a jewelers screwdriver or a safety pin , to get it all the way through . Needless to say , this is a little time-consuming for both parent and kid , as well as meaning that kids can not solve this safely on their own .
 Understand that this is not a 4 channel RC helicopter , but an inexpensive device with which to become familiar with the hobby . It promptly provides one with an understanding of how tricky helicopter flight really is , whether in hobby or in reality . This is one of the more stable versions of RC electric helicopters , and can be made to hover well , but if you think you can steer this thing around the room and drive circles around furniture ... forget it . You need far more channels and controls to do that , and this barely allows movement because all steering and movement left/right and forward/back is via the tail rotor , which has VERY little power . Fun for 10 min , then you 're done .
 Look , I am a patient guy , an engineer and I realize for the price and the complexity of this toy it was going to be challenging and delicate . So far i have been dicking with this thing for several hours and i can not even get it to hover.The weights on the props are slipping unbalancing them . The gears for the top prop keep jumping off track , it is only a matter of time before they strip . The metal pins that are used as pivots for the props flew out after 2 flights and i had to get the calipers out and find a piece of metal to jam in there to fix it.The top prop will just fly off as there is nothing to hold it on , well i did find a piece of plastic that looks as if it was suppose to be on there but it was not there after shipping and did not show up on the diagram in the manual.My bottom line is if you purchase this expect a piece of Chinese manufactured s. . stuff and if you have nothing better to do then you may get a few hours of ... time wasted out of it.DO NOT buy this for a child under 16 or you are throwing your money away , well you are anyway.The thing is so delicate that if you are serious about buying one , buy all the replacement pats you will need them.I have already had to engineer several fixes to get the thing to even fly . The problems are to hard to explain in a review but trust me this thing is CHEAP and requires work to fly . If you want a challenge and are a very patient person looking for a toy tinker with for a few days before throwing it out this is for you.Good Luck !!
 Purchased this thing after reading several positive reviews.The one I got did not work at all , it was uncontrollable . At first I thought it was for lack of skill , but then several friends who had skill with this kind of thing tried it and could not fly it either.Several people did complain that the 27MZ channel models were junk and mine was precisely a 27MZ . So who knows , in view of the many positive reviews I hesitate to crucify this product as a whole but what I got was a useless piece of junk . What a waste of time !
 This was the single most ` bitchen ' toy ever . I flew it all over my house , up the stairs , across the landing , and then across my living room to land on the dining room table . I had so much fun I could n't believe how great it was ... Then I bought one for my nephew that did n't work . Then I bought another one for myself , and one for a friend
 I got this model from Fry 's Electronic for $ 20 bucks -LRB- they had it on sale a while ago -RRB- . Any way , the first one was broken within 2 days . One of the motors was dead . I think it 's because the motor is too small and weak to spin the rotor for 5 to 10 minutes . I went back and exchanged for a second one . However , the second one had issue with charging unit not connecting to the helicopter properly and so I could n't charge it . I exchanged again for a 3rd one . Again , the same motor went dead within 2 days . Finally , I went back to Frys and got my money back . I did n't care much about the 20 bucks but it was nice that Frys was willing to take it back , no question asked!Bottom line , do n't waste time and money on this one . If you must , get it from Frys . At least , you can exchange for a few times 8 -RRB-
 I saw this thing fly in a TV commercial and then took the bait . I could not get this thing to fly like the video showed . I 'm betting they edited out all the times it crashed and broke and had to be repaired . The add for these things is just too good to be true . Buyer beware !!!
 exicted i got one off ebay , it was $ 32 shipped , no big deal . i open up the package to charge it , it took 5 minuts to unhook the plastic holder . while charging i read the ill written manual , one of the worst i made add . at take off it hovered really nicely , i hit the tail forward and it doest move . so i took it back for a replacement , instead they repaired it , 2 weeks later i get it and the tail spins but it doesnt move , i found out the trim on the stick was bad so i cracked open the controller to fix it . now it moved foward but at maybe and inch every 5 seconds ! so i found a metal bearing spacer that fit right on the muzzle and it bumped it upto .5 mph . after the third charge in mid air the bottom blade hub shears off . i didnt even crash once ! GARBAGEbuy something like a lama v3 or a colco Apache . the lama is only $ 80
 This was fun while it lasted . Recieved as a gift , however it 's flimsy construction did n't last . One bad landing and it broke .
 The toy charges fine -LRB- fast -RRB- It travels up and down very well ... however that is it . It has trouble flying forward and reverse while during flight . Commercials has this little helo flying around rooms as if it were totally in your control . Make no mistake , this little toy does not fly as it should .
 I purchased two of the AlienFly RC helicopters on the assumption that since they were a clone of the Micro Mosquito they would function similarly . They do not . The AlienFly seems to suffer from an inherent instability that eventually causes it to entere into a rotor oscillation mode . The rotor oscillation causes it to enter into tighter and tighter spirals until it finally crashes . This mode happens even when the helicopter is just hovering . There does n't seem to be any way to correct this.There is obviously no quality control on these helicopters -LRB- one of the two has a main motor `` stuttering '' problem and the other 's tail motor does n't stop when the controller is in the zero position -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and stay away from this helicopter . The Micro Mosquito -LRB- Radio Shack -RRB- costs three time as much , but it works perfectly -LRB- I 've purchased several and all worked perfectly -RRB- and comes with the charge base station -LRB- sold seperately for the AlienFly -RRB- .
 I bought this toy out of curiousity . It completely met my expectations because it is cheap.The directions are hard to decipher because they are almost a direct japanese to english translation , which usually comes out as gibberish . There is a ` safety ' screw that holds the copter in place in the styrofoam that is nearly impossible to remove with the mini screwdriver provided . Half an hour with wire cutters and a gentle touch worked for me . Moreover , the toy is nearly uncontrollable and the blades broke almost immediately . Either save your money or spend a little more on an RC that actually works correctly and is durable .
 I got this for my grandson for Christmas and after flying it for 10 minutes it was broken and not able to fly .
 This was BAD ! What disappointed children !! The copter NEVER took off , plug in charge port wobbly , even the micro screw driver that came with this thing did not fit the screws . Remote totally defective ... does not work at all . Antenna fell right out of remote ... horrible quiality . Gets a big ZERO from me .
 Simply put ... Piece of junk . Do n't waste your money . Mine was defective from the start . It could n't fly forward and the controller worked intermittently then finally quit working after 2 days . Spend a few dollars more for a fully functional helicopter or go to radio shack and get the real thing . You will be much happier . Interesting conversional piece but nothing more unless you are lucky enough to receive a good working one .
 when i first bought this product i loved it then i started having problems the charging jack wasnt working it woudnt hold a charge then it finally cracked in half the propellars boke im in the midst of returing it hoping to get an exchange i wish i had purchased the real one i strongly recomend buying the real its a little more money but at least it probably works .
 It can not turn left or right . Hovering is ok for a while so do n't waste your money .
 This was a higher price than I wanted to pay for a child 's laptop , but I did anyway because my youngest loves Elmo . I 've been sadly disappointed.-When the laptop is open it falls over backwards because the top is too heavy.-My 22 month old , who is learnign colors and shapes ca n't answer the questions on her own , so the only real way to play it is with a parent.-To interact with the game , every time you want to be asked a question you have to pull the lever which makes an annoying laughing/beeping noise.I got a v tech laptop for my older daughter -LRB- almost 4 -RRB- and not only was it cheaper , but a much higher quality.If you do get this toy , get it for an older child - definitely not appropriate for an 18 month old like they claim . And frankly , my 4 year old is n't interested in the toy at all either , so I would look elsewhere . Not worth the money at all !
 This is a great educational toy laptop . The only problem is that it was designed so that when opened for use it does n't stand on its own . The screen section has to be propped against something to allow it to be used like mom or dad 's lap top .
 I have loved Fisher-Price toys for years . When my children were growing up , they were the best . I ordered this for my granddaughter for her birthday . We unpacked it . It was so cute and I believe it would be educational if it had worked . The demo card worked , but nothing else . We loved it and my daughter wanted me to send it back and order another one . Well , guess what !! The second one was the same as the first . The demo card worked , but not the other cards . I did n't want to try for three , so I ordered a V-Tech toy instead . It works , even tho it is not quite as cute .
 We bought this toy for our -LSB- ... -RSB- daughter . She is a huge Elmo fan . It seemed to work out of the box with the slide in card for ABC 's , but some of the additional cards did not read correctly . They seemed to have the wrong graphics . This made this potentially great educational toy somewhat useless . I have heard that the Fisher-Price laptops have been plagued with problems and this is true in our experience . We took it back and would not buy another .
 DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER ! Upon receipt of this gift for my 2-year old grandson , my wife promptly wrapped the gift and placed under the tree . Our grandchildren did not come to our home until New Year 's eve to open presents . After opening his present he brought his gift to me . I noticed that it was scratched up and then I tried the &#34; try me button &#34; and nothing worked . I assumed the batteries must be dead . I therefore removed the toy from the box and replaced the batteries . The toy still did not work and upon further inspection the toy was in poor condition . Our grandson never played with the toy once he gave it to me he moved on to other gifts . I emailed the seller on the 4th of January to inform them of the problem . They first denied my refund because they claimed they sent it in perfect condition . Then I received another email stating they would give me a full refund . A third email stated they changed their mind that it was past 60 days . Their email was rude and unsympathetic and unprofessional . I am being penalized for being an early shopper . I have no problem paying for an expensive gift if it works and is in excellent condition . That was not the case here . It never worked and it was scratched up . Now I am stuck with a $ 135 dollar gift that does not work and my grandson is out of a gift .
 This toy uses plastic cards that slide in and out with great difficulty . My daughter is now 4 and she still ca n't do this on her own . When she plays with it she is constantly frustrated and asks me to change the card for her . I 'm a grown-up and it hurts even my fingers to do this . Additionally , the screen portion is too heavy and this causes the whole thing to tip over all the time . It makes annoying sounds too . I ca n't imagine how this thing ever got to market . By the time a child is able to use this product , she is plenty old enough to work a real computer .
 Daughter received this as a gift . The concept is nice since she loves to touch my grown up laptop , but the laptop does not effectively `` read '' the different cards that are included . Disappointing to me , but she 'll still love using the one card that it does read !
 I love elmo.I hate this toy ... with a passion.Bottom line , the buttons on this have the ability to be repeatedly pressed over and over and over in rapid succession and the result is something out of a horror movie .
 Was surprised this toy does n't play any songs . Seems like manufacturer missed the mark when they designed this . I agree with one of the other reviewers , the top half -LRB- screen half -RRB- is very heavy and the toy often falls backwards because of its weight .
 I purchased two of these for Christmas for my granddaughters ages 18 month and 22 months . Before the holiday season was over , both laptops were not working properly . The images did not correspond with the correct answer which defeats the purpose of a learning tool . When contacted , the manufacturer offered to send a replacement via a coupon but the cost to return the defective one was our responsibility which I found unreasonably . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 My son loves Elmo and my husband 's laptop , so this seemed like a good idea . The age range is a lot lower than some of the others on the market , which helped too . Little did I know how annoying it is . He has the most fun pulling the lever repeatedly and the beeping noise will drive you nuts . The runnning joke at Christmas was if we will let him play with it in the car on our 12 hour trip home -LRB- Milwaukee , WI - Horseheads , NY -RRB- , it would be on the side of the road by Chicago if it even made it that far . My son does love the laptop but does n't understand the questions that it is asking . When he gets a little bit older , this will be a great learning toy .
 We bought this for our 21 month old daughter for Christmas , she rarely plays with it and when she does she simply likes to take the different cartridges out and put them back in . We also have a three year old that likes to take the cartridges in and out but other than that , it does not get played with it . Waste of money . Would not buy again .
 The Learning Fun Laptop is a nice concept . Unfortunately , it did not work out of the box . It does n't recognize which card is inserted so it asks questions that do not apply to the scene pictured . Since others have had the same problem this just seems to be a very poorly made toy . I would n't recommend it to anyone . I have had much better luck with the few Leap Frog toys that we have .
 I was so excited about this toy for my 16 month old daughter . She squealed with delight when she opened it at Xmas . Unfortunately , the thing only worked for about 1 day . Then it TRIED to work but would only get about half way through a word and stop ... like the batteries were dying . We replaced the batteries -LRB- my husband even checked the batteries with a voltage meter and they 're fully functioning -RRB- and it still does n't work . Very disappointing . On the bright side , I called Fisher Price and they 're replacing the toy free of charge , so we 'll see if the replacement is any better .
 This toy is useless . It is insanely loud , you cant understand anything Elmo is saying , its very top heavy so it wont stand up like it shows in the picture . The design is absurd , there no way a child could push the handle down . It says ages 18 and up , but even if your child could understand the questions theres no way an 18 month old could use this toy . It 's nice that it has a handle and its portable , but thats all its good for . I would n't recommend it for anyone .
 The Fisher-Price Laptop toys are plagued with problems . Our brand new Elmo Laptop fails to ask questions for more than 80 % of the lever pulls , and mis-reads most of the inserted cards , asking irrelevant and unanswerable questions about other scenes.The Barney laptop -LRB- same company -RRB- can be considerably more buggy , see customer reviews here : Barney Laptop.Be careful with this junk . Very disappointing to have grandma bring a buggy toy brought all the way to the Philippines , only to take it right back for a return .
 We got this gift for my 1 year old for Christmas 2007 . It worked great , until we tried to change the `` disks '' . Only one side of each disk worked , we finally realized that one of the internal buttons that read the notches to tell which disk it was , was n't working because if you ignored that notch you would have other disk . I know I did n't explain that well , but if you have the toy you can probably understand , other wise I am just trying to show that we know why it did n't work 1/2 the time , it just is n't anything we could do to fix it.Anyway , Dec 26th I called FP to see what to do -LRB- had n't quite figured out all the above yet , but know it did n't work right -RRB- . The lady I talked to was extremely nice -LRB- especially given it is probably their biggest complaint day of the year ! -RRB- and talked me through several things to see if we could get it working -LRB- replacing batteries , making sure it was n't stuck in demo mode -RRB- . Anyway all attempts made no difference . She said they would ship out a new unit . This made me happy , and I was impressed . As a side note , she thanked * me * for being so nice , , which may have factored into getting the free replacement ... Second unit arrived promptly . Without taking it out of the box I was able to test it and the new one does not seem to have the same problem , however it does have issues with not registering when the handle is pulled -LRB- like a slot machine -RRB- every time . This is mentioned by other posters . It does work though . My daughter is still not quite ready for it , so I wo n't unbox it yet . I will fiddle with it a bit more and see if it works better after some use . The disk reader on the first did seem towork better after a few attempts -LRB- although still only 1/2 the disks -RRB- , so I have some hope that it will resolve to be a useful toy.With 2 of 2 units having problems , the only reason I gave a 2 star instead of 1 is because FP was great . I hoewver would not recommend this to anyone or buy it as a gift.On FP 's website this toy lists as being discontinued in 2007 , so I would n't count on getting replacements for too much longer .
 When you open the screen it keeps flopping over , and it seems that no matter which computer card you put in , the buttons and the messages seem to do and say the exact same thing . Plus there 's no volume control ... and this thing is LOUD . Not very educational either ... the screen references letters but the keypad is only numbers and shapes . Overall , not a very good toy . Like others have said , you are better off with Leap Frog toys .
 Game cards were too small for awkward little fingers . Vigorous and lengthy rubbing of the cauldron and back of game cards needed to show the answers to math addition/subtraction took too long to even produce a shadow of the answers . Long and consistent rubbing by little fingers lost the attention of most kids as well as desire to continue playing the game .
 It does n't look very good when you recieve it . It barely holds to the platform . My son broke it quit easly . My advise ; buy something else .
 We ordered this card shuffler and had to send it back . It jams often and was very frustrating to use . We would not recommend buying it !!
 We purchased this pool for a single use . We needed a space , for a couple of days , to keep our koi until we were able to repair our pond.We were extremely carefull about sweeping the area where we set it up . We pumped up each of the three sections then filled it with water and moved the fish . After a couple of hours we noticed the water level was n't even . We did not find any holes but the lowest chamber was losing air . And it kept losing air . Long to short , we needed to pump up the lowest chamber every few hours.This is the most disappointing purchase I ever made but once the fish were transferred we had no option but to continue pumping air into the pool around the clock to keep the fish safe .
 This is the second Intex 120X72 pool we 've bought in the past year . Cheap price and the size is great allowing the entire family in the pool with room to spare . So much for the good parts . Last year 's pool made it through the summer , but did n't last beyond off-season storage and one week inflated this season . Problem was a seam on the air chamber split open . Not repairable . So we bought another one figuring for fifty bucks , we 'd get one summer out of it . Well , the second pool lasted 5 weeks before the top air chamber burst scaring the # $ # @ out my son and me ! Bottom line , these pools just do n't stand up to continuous Florida sun and chlorine needed to keep the water clear . Also , the newer second pool did n't seem to be as sturdy and lost it 's shape -LRB- sagged sideways even when filled with air -RRB- rather quickly . We 're going to seek other options since the quality and durability of these large inflatables do n't seem to be worth the headache .
 I like the pool ... it is big enough , appears to be sturdy enough , however , the one that was sent to me did NOT have a plug on the bottom . Therefore , to empty it required my wife and I to lift it , full of water , and dump the water out over the side . It is the end of the summer , so I have no desire to return it and then wait another two weeks to get another one . I like the pool , but it was definitely NOT what I ordered .
 I got-this for my daughter and it just could n't stand up to the sun here in florida I would imagine a summer time fun toy for kids would hold up to summer time sun ... guessed wrong in this case
 I liked the design of the pieces and the size , but after some time -LRB- after play and lots of blitz -RRB- the weights at the bottom completely fell out . I tried super gluing them back together but that did n't work . Looking to throw these out and get new ones from a better dealer .
 This set is simply too fragile . Several of the black pieces shattered within 24 hours of getting the set . We have lots of tournament style chess sets , and this is the worst I 've seen .
 Chess Central package had two sets of black pieces ; can only be returned for credit as not an Amazon item .
 Yeegods ! the lines on this board are so narrow , they are hard to find close up ! This board is definitely for a player who wants to go pro or is a pro ! Otherwise , it is much too difficult for the average weekend player . Returned it for the Bandit Plus .
 Do not buy this toy ! It broke in the first 5 minutes and the company would not take it back . These are very cheaply made . Our friend 's son was so disappointed . It looks so cute in the picture but it is very flimsy.Worst toy EVER !
 This is not made of hard plastic like other light saber toys I have bought . It is a very thin flimsy plastic that bends easily . My three-year-old loves fighting with his light sabers , but this one is way too weak to hit anything with it .
 This came defective and doesnt light up . It also is very cheap thin plastic and dents easily , then wont retract correctly . Do not buy !
 There are a few different templates that come with the kit all of them have been a pain . The first template is a rotor-copter like machine that does not come with a straw -LRB- which is the center part of the contraption -RRB- . This does not sound bad , but when no straw that I could find would fit well or not bend under he pressure of the rubber band , it turns into a big deal . The airplanes flew well , but were a little of a pain due to the cheap double sided tape that they provide . I do not recommend this product to anyone . It is better to just look up how to construct paper airplanes online !
 The image shows 3 clear reflections , when in fact what you get looks more like a mirror from a carnival . The type when your head looks huge , your body small and crooked and your feet nonexistent . I was very much looking forward to seeing my 2yo play with his reflection , but he pretty much ignores these mirrors . I feel the product description and images are quite deceiving .
 I AM TOTALLY UPSET WITH THIS ITEM . THE POORLY DESIGNED STRUCTURE OF THE FIGURE IS THE REASON WHY . THE BODIES ARE DIECAST , HOWEVER , THE LIONS HAVE WEAK/CHEAP PLASTIC LEGS AND JOINTS THAT ARE BOUND TO BREAK . THE BLACK LIONS ' PLASTIC LEGS ARE NOT SUITABLE TO CARRY THE HEAVY DIECAST BODIES OF THE BLUE AND YELLOW LION . IN FACT , MY BLUE LION KEPT FALLING OFF THE BLACK LIONS ' REAR LEG . IN SHORT THIS IS A PEICE OF JUNK !!!
 I got this Volton thinking it would be just like the orginal I had as a kid but its a much cheaper version . The blue lion kept falling off and would not stay connected , the black lions legs wont even go in to the conpartmenet , and the heads of the lions are very loose and are bound to break off very easily . I dont see for this price tag they could not have made it just like the orginal . I really hope with the voltron movie being made in 08 that match box puts out a good version because this one is not even close worth the money I paid for it . You should really pass on this and buy a real used one on ebay .
 I suggest you only get this Voltron if your a collector or just want a collectable . This is honestly the worst recreation of the original Voltron toy I have ever seen . I purchased it in a hope to regain a long lost & beloved toy of my childhood , however what I got was a well detialed metal imatation of what was once a grand toy with numerous fun features . To be perfectly blunt if your looking for a Voltron toy do n't buy this ! However if you want a Voltron collectable you should most definately think of purchasing this Voltron . - Note
 My son is four and a half and was introduced to the Voltron series via DVD . It was his very first toy craze and all we heard about for months was how he wanted Voltron toys . The description says the plastic is durable but it is not . We kept the shield , sword and wings in the box since they were so sharp . We showed our son how to form Voltron and break it down into the lions and he was able to do it after two demonstrations ; much faster than the adults in our household . We showed him where the weak points were , `` oh , Lance 's legs , got it '' he said . Two hours of playing with Voltron on Christmas morning were all he got . The Voltron fell from a height of 19 inches -LRB- a cat knocked it off a short chair while I was watching -RRB- and both the legs broke off . This is completely ridiculous for the amount of money spent . Let 's hope Super Glue lives up to it 's marketing better than this toy .
 bought as birthday gift and when opened at party the skirt pieces falling off ; velcro connections on skirt not there ; obviously not new -LRB- used , used , used -RRB- ; would not use this seller again !
 My grandson has a similar one that works great . This one wo n't work with rechargeable batteries and runs too fast to blow bubbles with a fresh battery . Overall , an annoying toy to use with a two year old .
 Bought this five years ago thinking it would make a great present for someone , someday . Finally gave it to my grandson as a birthday present and it did n't work at all . The power light comes on , nothing else . Tried new batteries , power supply , etc. . Nothing . DOA . Remember that this product had been unopened for five years . Of course now I have n't saved the receipt and it 's out of warranty anyway . Makes for an annoying expensive paperweight .
 This is a great idea , however not perfected . First we never even took it anywhere and in less than a month one of the keys stopped working . It does not give the feel of a piano and has no external power adapter so you will go through batteries .
 I bought this , and it does not work . It has to be returned . Perhaps a model a little more expensive will be better .
 I thought the dremel would be a good tool for my needs , and it was , but the tool did not last . The tool could not hold up to the work it was made out to be for . I was under the impretion that it was tough and it was not . I own two of the Dremels and they bouth lasted less then a year each .
 In my opinion , the tool is great for small tasks , but the quality is somewhat to be desired . In just one year I have went thru 3 of these tools and in my opinion its the variable speed switch that was defective . The tools always went bad when I needed it most . Ill go shoppin for some other tool next time .
 This Dremel was great when it worked . I had the same problems that I see many others have had . The variable speed switch was not designed well and the tool is rendered useless after a few weeks of light usage . The tool was sent in for warranty repair 2 weeks ago , still waiting .
 This broke about 3 weeks after I got it . What a disappointment ... that 's what she said .
 Batteries did n't work when it arrived and it 's not even the real characters ' voicesLousy . The Michael Scott sounded like a woman with a hoarse voice . It really was That 's what she said ... cause it for sure was not a Steve Carell 's voice .
 It was broken when I received it and took a week longer than it was supposed to to arrive .
 We thought a smaller tent would be ideal for a baby , but in actuality you need a bigger tent so you can also be inside with him/her at all times . Also this tent provides barely any releif from the sun at the beach.Overall its not a bad tent , just not practical for most situations . Reccomendation
 This broke before we ever got to use it . Was annoying and difficult to put together . Really small to !! SAve you money , but the big one that shades the whole family .
 I have the disk shooters , and they are fantastic . I wanted more disks , so bought these . Although they are from the same company , they do not work at all in the shooters . These disks are of inconsistent thickness -LRB- some of them jam in the shooters -RRB- and are heavier than the red disks that came with the shooters -LRB- I weighed them on a digital scale -RRB- . So the ones that do n't jam do not travel far at all -LRB- less than 5 feet out of the shooter -RRB- I will contact Amazon to see if I can return these . I paid $ 20 for these 40 disks that are basically useless . The original package of 2 shooters and 20 disks cost only $ 13 -LRB- Spy Gear Spy Disc Shooters -RRB- . So I guess I will just have to buy more shooters ?!
 This is a fantastic toy , really durable for plastic , but made in China . Sadly , between a Communist government and the recent poison levels in many products , I would not have purchased it had I known .
 DO N'T GET ME WRONG ... My husband and I love the Koko set ... it 's beautiful and femenine without being too obviously `` girly . '' But after setting up our crib , and starting to decorate Baby 's room with all of the Koko pieces , and getting our hopes up , we were shocked to find that the Crib Sheet -LRB- called `` fitted '' -RRB- did not FIT.We have a standard sized crib mattress -LRB- 28x52 -RRB- . I read the instructions ; they say not to use the Koko bedding set with anything that is not `` standard sized . '' Fine . But our mattress is . The Koko Fitted Crib Sheet was n't even close . There was nowhere near enough elastic in it ; it fell about two or three full inches short . My husband and I pulled and tugged at it for 15 minutes . Ends first , corner to corner , we tried every combination . The ends of our fingers turned red , then purple . At one point , my husband was using his entire -LRB- and not inconsiderable -RRB- body weight to try and leverage the crib sheet in the desired deirection and get an extra inch of stretch out of it . No dice . When I tried the same thing , I hurt my fingers so bad that I had to let go suddenly becasue of the pain , and I slipped and fell , and one of the diamonds from my wedding ring ripped across one of the wood slats of our -LRB- pine , soft wood -RRB- crib , leaving an ugly scar.We figured , after giving up , that maybe it was a defective crib sheet -- we were using the one that came with the 6-piece Koko bedding set . So we opened up a second Koko Fitted Crib Sheet - this one we bought as a stand-alone , originally to be used as an extra , a spare . It was the same thing . It did not even come close to fitting.Then we thought that maybe it was the mattress 's fault ! So we opened up a plain white generic -LRB- Especially for Baby , or something like that -RRB- fitted crib sheet -- same thing , 28x52 , standard sized mattress , all the same specs . And guess what ?? It fit perfectly - snug but not tight , and no difficulties in putting it on.What are the odds that not one but TWO of the Koko crib sheets could be exactly the same WRONG size ?? Be careful not to fall in love with the Koko pattern , UNTIL YOU TRY THE SHEETS FIRST TO MAKE SURE THEY FIT !! Do yourself a favor ... drop $ 17.99 on just the sheet FIRST . Then , if it fits , ONLY THEN go out and buy the $ 200 full set . Then you can enjoy yourself . My husband and I are very disappointed .
 These walkie talkies were a big dissappointment over the holidays . They do not work at all . All my daughter heard was static . Amazon should not be selling these . I expect more !
 Purchased these for my kids to play with in the house however there is so much static and the reception is so bad you have to be within 15 ' max of each other to hear anything the other person is saying and when you are that close what 's the point of walkie talkies . Do not waste your money .
 I ended up not being able to use it like I wanted to because it did n't have the range I wanted . I sort of accidentally bought this one .
 Nearly unusable . Can barely understand transmissions over the incredible about of static . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 Horrible , grandsons were excited to open them , put batteries in and use , and all you could hear was static ! I wo n't buy these again !
 Did not work ! Even with fresh batteries they were solid static and could hear nothing ! I would recommend anything other then these !
 My kids got these for Christmas . One of them had intermittent contact to the battery - fixed by jamming in a piece of card . But then reception and volume is terrible , can hardly hear a word . Always full of static . The only way to hear the reception was for the other person to shout so loud that you could hear them better directly ! Also large . Has a ` code button ' that makes a ` beep ' ... but need to hold down the transmit button at the same time.Overall useless as radios . Poor overall quality . Junk . Except maybe as a non-functioning ` prop ' .
 I bought these to play around the house with . I could n't get reception except when my daughter was within about 20 feet or less in the same room . Once she left the room -LRB- even around the corner in the bathroom -RRB- the reception was so full of static that we could n't understand each other . Not functional with no reception . I am returning mine .
 I bought these for my son and I . He was a little too young for the better 22 channel walkies so I thought because of other reviews that it was worth the $ 12 . Was I wrong , unless we are within 7 feet of eachother and there are no walls in between us , they do not work . What is the point of 7 feet . Anyway , the reason it was n't a total loss is because my son just runs around pretending he is on the radio with me and loves it .
 We received these Walkie Talkie 's as a Christmas gift for our 3 1/2 yr old son . We put new batteries in it ... and all we heard was static . We tried talking to one another inside and outside , and could n't understand each other . Even putting it up to our ear -LRB- which is not recommended -RRB- , we could not hear the other person .
 I guess there 's a reason that they do n't list the range for these - it 's virtually non-existant ! My son and I played around with these in our house and the range was 5-7 feet . At that range they 're useless as we could hear each other directly instead of via the radios . Even though they were very inexpensive -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- they are definitely not worth it . We 've returned them and will purchase something else .
 I am amazed at how lousy this toy is . I probably would n't mind if it cost five dollars , but for thirty ? In a day and age when electronics are making riveting leaps forward ? It is made of cheap plastic , is riddled with loud interference , and can not be heard beyond five feet . None of this is an exageration . I warn any parent
 Save your time and money . No appreciable range , lots of static , garbled voices , and low volume . Spend $ 30 and get a real walkie talkie .
 We were very excited about these walkie talkies but after using them we were disappointed . Unless you are in direct line of the both walkie talkies they do not work . The girls never play with them and they play spy all the time .
 Kids got these as presents -LRB- both age 5 -RRB- . If they stood next to each other , worked OK , but barely worked once they got 10 feet away . Probably every electronic thing in the house interferes with it - we did n't try it out in the woods or anything . Despite that , one of the kids thought it was fun as a pretent walkie-talkie , but I would expect that level quality in a happy meal .
 Not a great toy , did n't work , would n't recommend it . We could barely hear the person on the other end and there was a ton of static .
 I ordered this toy for my daughter and when it arrived it was dead . Changed the batteries and still nothing . I returned it and reordered thinking it was just a fluke . WRONG ! The second one arrived with only 2 of the sections working and even then I had to actually squeeze the section in just the right way to get any sound.Nice idea - bad execution .
 The product was defective or had been in storage to long . The batteries were corroded and the toy would not work . Amazon was great to take the toy back . I did n't reorder .
 This is a very cute toy , with lots of bright colors and appealing shapes . But first of all , when it arrived , I was surprised by how small it was - smaller than a regular dinner plate . Secondly , you have to hit the little bumps pretty hard to make any noise , and my one-year-old daughter ca n't really do that , especially with the hammer . I like that it was all soft , and that she could bang on it and make noise , but because she has to hit the thing so hard , she lost interest in it quickly . Maybe it would be better for older kids , but for one and under , at least from my experience , I would n't recommend it .
 I was very disappointed with this toy . Only two of the five sounds could be hit hard enough to make them activate and that was with me strategically striking them . Even then they would only fire occassionally . My child could n't make any of them make noise . It was a complete waste of money !
 We got this for Christmas for my daughter and as soon as we opened it , it did n't work . We could n't return it because we had thrown the packaging away with all the other Christmas boxes , so we tried to fix the batteries . This is clearly a defective toy and now a waste of money .
 This toy was SUCH a disappointment . I found it under a list of award winners . Pretty to look at and the sounds are cool ... if you hear them . That is , if an adult hits hard enough to make the sound . Babies/toddlers ca n't hit it hard enough ; pretty useless for them .
 My child liked the noises this item produced but unfortunately we had to push the buttons for him since the sensors are very difficult to hit . I could n't even make them go off with the hammer , I had to push the tiny buttons with my fingers . Overall , not worth the price .
 I was very disappointed with this product . It is very loud when it is on and makes an annoying noise -LRB- almost like an ice cream maker -RRB- as it turns . It does not cast a lot of light and is almost pointless . I gave it 5 stars for durability because it held up to my very curious boys picking it up and dropping it wondering why it was so boring . Think of it as a dimly lit picture of Lighning McQueen spinning around inside of a ball .
 My daughter and I love to make crafts together . The idea of this toy is quite lovely and the flowers do look nice if you can manage to avoid tearing the papers . The big problem is that the tissue papers included are so cheap , they rip apart too easily . This is frustrating for children and adults . For the price , they could give us nice quality paper and then it would be a great toy . I will just make my own now with some Hallmark tissue
 The product does not work even after new batteries . Contacted the company and no return label was offered . Postage to return greater than original purchase with postage . Not a reliable buy .
 I purchased two of these items , one as a gift . This was a big mistake . They have expensive batteries which only last for a couple of train whistles . Apparently they do not have a good connection and that 's why they fail . It 's really mickey-mouse .
 I am not very happy with my purchase of this dominoe hub . It is not made very well and I have had to return one of them because it did not work .
 This game had potential - but man is it annoying ! There are very few clear-cut directions , making the game play kind of ambiguous and not very competitive . I see what they are trying to do by trying to get you to be creative , but I just want to play a game!The game is also not worth $ 30 !!! There are no game pieces . They try to make you be ` creative ' again - you have to find your own piece - and * gasp * the tallest piece goes first !!! How creative and fun !!! How lame . In my opinion it is just an attempt to save money in game production costs . There are also ` tokens ' you are supposed to collect for each answer you get right -LRB- but they are never really clear on how many you win -RRB- - but get this ... you have to find your own ! What fun ! Just what I wanted to be doing instead of actually playing the game - looking for game tokens ! Man is it stupid.There are also very few cards in the deck they give you - I would say that you would go through them all in three or four playings . The board itself is also really poorly made and does n't look like it will last long.The game took three groups of 2 people less than 30 mins . to play in total . After it was over no one wanted to play again ... My friends and I love Cranium , Taboo , etc. - so its not like we usually hate group games - but man this one is lame !!! Do not buy - get Cranium instead !!! What a waste of $ 30 .
 I purchased this item based on customer reviews . They were all good , ALL seemed to be 5 stars . When I received the game and played it with the bunch of women I play games with every Saturday night , we ended up closing the game midway through . Most of the questions were too simple . For instance , almost all of one of the catagories cards read something like this
 I also bought this game based on the reviews it recieved . This game is definitely lacking the fun and excitement of other board games . We played the game for 30 minutes and it was as pleasant as a root canal . Very disappointing !!!!!!!!!!!!
 I recently have gotten reinvolved with Hot Wheels with my 4 year old . I remember playing with Hot wheel tracks and how much fun they were to me in the 70 's . The tracks were simple but one could do wonders with imagination . This set does not add to an imagination . The 6 in 1 set is much better and easy to create your own Hot Wheel world .
 I bought this toy because it was relatively inexpensive . I thought it would be a cute , fun toy for the bathtub . Little did I know , you can not get any of the water out of the boat or the ark . I ended up throwing them away after they started growing mildew-gross . They would have probably been cute toys outside of the bathtub , but they were misleading because they said they were designed for the bathtub and I went ahead and put them in the water . You can get some of the water out of the animals , but I am a clean freak and I really do n't like anything that runs the risk of getting my son sick . I would stick with a bath toy like the Mega Blocks Boat that does n't have holes that you can pour water out of and wash them if you feel the need .
 This seemed like a great toy , cute animals and a fun boat to float , but you open the package and lo and behold , it contains a note that you 're not supposed to submerge it in water ! Perhaps they should include an insert with instructions on how to explain to your toddler that a plastic BOAT ca n't be played with in the bath.So in to the bath it went , and immediately filled with water , which is impossible to get out of either the bottom or top of the boat . Though I 'm sad the toy did n't work out for our daughter , I 'm glad I 'm not crazy , as others have noted the same problem . This toy was quite dissapointing , as when purchased it appears to be a bath toy -LRB- you do n't know it 's not supposed to be put in water until you open it -RRB- , but is obviously not capable of the job . If this toy were changed so it was either sealed , or had drain plugs , it would be a very nice plaything , or at the least , change the packaging to make it clear it 's not meant for the water . However , I 'd recommend against purchasing it unless you do n't mind throwing it out after a month .
 Chewy animals are great for babies - just the right size to hold and for `` teething . '' However , the ark tended to fill up with water , did n't float very well ... hard to get the water out . Also the ark and its cabin were a bit hard and bulky for little hands to grasp . I tossed the ark but kept the animals .
 My son got this for Christmas from his grandparents . It says on the packaging that it will float in water , but when we put it in my son 's tub it immediately sunk . Not only does it sink but it fills up with water and it is impossible to get all the water out after bathtime so months later we are left with a mildewy , little-used toy . Save your money on this one .
 This toy could have been quite fun if it had not grew mildew almost immediately . The block structures themselves were very hard which made it impossible to empty all of the water out of them after bathing . It should stay on dry land !
 It 's very cute and my daughter likes the animals . But do n't put it in the bath or pool . Water gets in and it wo n't come out . I was disappointed because it was sold as a `` bath toy '' .
 Wow , I just got into rc last year . This heli never performed well out of the box . I waited till I had some coaxial time before I tried the NRII . It just was too hard to trim out . The guys at Venom however were outstanding . Great customer service , just not a good heli !
 I agree with the majority of the reviewers that this toy is much too dangerous . What a major disappointment ! After taking 1/2 hour to assemble , my son played with it for about 5 minutes . When the cars repeatedly flew off and one almost hit the TV , we both decided we did n't want to risk losing an eye . Also , mine did not come with a safety net to put around it . To make matters worse , I purchased it on-line and now might have to pay shipping to return it .
 My son got this for Christmas ... we put it together . . and I 'm sorry to say this is dangerous . . The cars come flying out and can hit my son and a pretty high rate of speed . .
 My daughter got this for Christmas . We set it up -LRB- including the safety net -RRB- and were VERY DISAPPOINTED . The toy is noisy , one car managed a maximum of 3 revolutions before falling off . Other attempts managed two or less , if any . I just ca n't believe that Mattel could let this crummy toy get through development and quality control . What a waste - back to the store it went !
 I 'm sorry , I do n't own this toy . but this toy is dumb . just follow these steps and you will have your own super track . for 4 months , collect paper towel and toliet and foil rolls -LCB- the carboard part -LSB- . when you have your desierd amount of pecies start bulding your track . you can tape the tubes together or cut slits and slide them together . tape works better and saves time but slits can let you build loops and turns and weird tricks . you do ethier method . leave two ends open for the entrance and exits . remeber to have supporting objects for track parts with nothing below them . you can use hot wheels cars or marbles . have any questions ? if so include them with a reveiw for this toy and i will get back to you ! SECRET BOUNUS
 I think they call it bait and switch . Yes , the boy did like it on Christams morning , until I put on the Safety Net . It comes with a stretchy bit of plasic netting that you wrap around the entire thing . YOU DO N'T SEE THAT ON THE BOX ! Yet , the instructions say it 's essential . Not only does it prevent easy access to the track , it squeezes the track so it no longer seats properly in the base . This was obviously an afterthought that they are not expecting anybody to use - I assume in response to a report that the toy is DANGEROUS - which I think it is indeed .
 This toy is to fast & to loud . We got it for Christmas & it is going back to the store . It 's scary when the cars come flying out of there . I would say its a dangerous toy for anyone . The cost it overly expensive for a toy that is not educational , or fun .
 I hardly ever write reviews , and though I only spent $ 1.00 at a garage sale for this , it was a wasted dollar . Much better toys out there that actually work , so do n't waste even a dime on this one . My experience has been exactly the same as the rest of the negative reviews .
 Yes , it looks like something out of this world , but it really is n't . Not all cars work , but the ones that do will give you a nice little stunt show ... for about 5 minutes , then it 's time to push it in a corner and never bother with it again . Too many Hot Wheels sets are one trick Pony 's . You have your basic short layout , and a power booster , then watch it go around in circles until boredom takes over in minutes . Just rely on gravity and get a simple , two lane race set that clamps to a chair , and has a start and finish gate . More fun , less space , just like the 60 's / 70 's when toys were actually good .
 What a waste of money . The tracks wo n't stay together , and even if you can get them to stay together , the toy is too dangerous to use as the cars come flying off in all directions at high speed . Apparently there was a supplemental safety net added to the toy , but I never saw one in our box .
 This product is the MOST horrible thing ever manufactured . No matter what we try the cars come flying off the track at very high speeds . Enough that an eye could definetely be taken out , or some sort of other horrible injury could occur . I do n't care what the age limit is on it ! I am 31 and afraid to be near it . My son recieved it as a birthday present , and unfortunetely we threw away the box and the retailer would NOT let me exchange . However when I called Mattel they sent me a return label and are suppose to send me a voucher that I can use for any Mattel item that is equal to the price of this one . Please do NOT waste your money or time on this .
 What a terrible toy ! This is another example of how things on tv do n't work in real life ! The cars NEVER stay on track and shoot out at high speeds to hit the kids in the face and head . It is a deathtrap ! It is so ridiculous ! I wonder how they even made it run for the commercial ! Do n't waste your money here . Just call me , I 'll gladly send you mine !
 My son really , really wanted this toy . To date , I have been very happy with Hot Wheels products . Unfortunately , this one is a huge disappointment . Like previous reviews , the cars fly off the track , but I think it 's should do that , but not before they make it all the way around . Not once , has one car made it all the way around the loop . My son got spider slam though and he loves it . I think I 'll return it .
 I bought this toy for my sons for Christmas , thinking that it would be fairly durable and fun being a Hot Wheels product . After many attempts to assemble the thing correctly , the numerous -LSB- flimsy -RSB- plastic parts finally fit together . However , it is very flimsy and looks as if it may crumble at any second . Do not try to watch TV , carry on a conversation , or concentrate on anything while this toy is in use . It sounds very much like an electric mixer . The cars fly off the track at a dangerously high speed ; I 'm afraid one of them may lose an eye ! Other reviews did mention a safety net , but ours did not include one and there was no mention of a safety net in the instructions . Had `` Santa '' not thrown the box away , this toy would be returned to the store . I 'm sure it will end up at my annual yard sale very soon !
 We were shopping for this toy and saw it out on display -LRB- ... -RRB- . Big waste of money !! When he tried to make it work , the cars got half way up the ramp and fell down . On a separate try using the net , one of the cars came out and hit him in the face . I would not recommend this for anyone with kids .
 I have the same issues as other reviewers - the toy is VERY dangerous . It is very loud and without the net is scary to watch . The cars leave the track even when there is only one going and they become projectiles . The motor running the cars sounds like a chainsaw as well . We are all scared of this play set - parents and children included . Peculiar how there is an addendum to the instructions requiring a safety net -LRB- there is no mention of this in the TV ads or on the set packaging -RRB- which after installation renders the set useless as it pulls the tracks out and the cars will no longer run for more than a second without coming off the tracks . I have loved Hot Wheels sets since I was was a child but I can not get this one back to the store quick enough .
 When we tried the Fireball Track set the first time we got almost a chock . The high speed of the cars and at first no protection net made us very unsecure about the security for our son and others . When we tried the security net on it was to tight so the track pieces came out of its positions . That was not good . Another thing we did n't like was that the ball in the middle losened to easy , which made it to complicated to put it back in place again and again . Very noisy ! We returned the Fireball to the store ... P. sman
 My son received this as a birthday gift . You need a screwdriver to assemble it . The cars do n't run continuously , as soon as they hit the meteor & it explodes , which is every time , you have to reset everything . Oh , and if you ever wan na take it apart & put it back into the box , GOOD LUCK !
 I saw this thinking how neat it was until the car came flying out of the ball and hit my son at a very fast speed !!! Figuring it was a fluke we tried it again and again ... Each and every time the car came zipping out dangerously . I would NEVER suggest this to anyone !!!!
 This was a birthday gift for my 6 yr old , who LOVES Hot Wheels and everything about cars . Assembly of the toy was not that bad , you just matched the letters on the tracks . It required some effort to put the screws in , as it was hard to see with the track in the way . Toy requires BRAND NEW alkaline batteries to propel the cars . Anything less will not work . The meteor in the middle is flimsy , poorly designed , and unimpressive . Toy is very loud.Worst of all the toy is just not fun , even for kids that adore Hot Wheels . You drop a car in , they zip endlessly in loops ... and that 's about it . When they crash it can be challenging for a small one to sometimes fish the cars out . 6 year old walked away in less time than it took to build it . -- A dad .
 I ca n't believe this toy has not been recalled yet ! I was mortified after putting it together , and watching as the cars flew off the tracks at high enough speeds to hurt someone if they got hit in the face . I had one hit my hand and its still hurting . I am new to this `` hot wheels '' thing with my 2 boys , and am pretty much disgusted so far at the products offered . What ever happened to the hot wheels I had as a kid ? All I can find is a starter set , but no good expansion sets . This fireball is awful . Oh well . I must say that my boys , ages 3 and 5 seem to like it ... I just need to make sure they do n't take an eye out .
 We bought this toy for our 7 year old for Christmas , and finally had the opportunity to put it together . My husband and I were concerned when we saw that Hotwheels had added stickers to the outer package to change the original age range to 8years of age , -LRB- it says underneith the sticker 6 plus -RRB- , and a `` Caution '' sticker had been added . And once putting it together , noting that the safety net must have been added later , because the instructions for it are separate . Trying to put the net on only misformed the track to look like another writer said , -LRB- an egg -RRB- , and when we tried it out , it scared the heck out of me . So I remembered last Christmas I investigated all the childrens toys through this service , -LRB- an effort I ignored this year -RRB- , so instead thought I would see if any other parents had the same concerns we did . My husband is debating with me right now , but I believe I will take this toy back to Toysrus , and let my son pick a different hotwheels track out . This time I will pay attention to the package warnings ...
 I am writing this review while this toy operates about three feet away . It is so loud that I ca n't hear my children 's -LRB- 5 & 7 -RRB- voices or the TV on the other side . I 'd say it 's about the same decibel level as a sheet metal factory . There is also a safety factor . When the cars come off the track , as they eventually do , they are going fast enough to cause an injury . My children just stopped playing with this toy after about 15 minutes -LRB- thankfully -RRB- .
 We 've had hours of fun as the 3rd users of a basic Hot Wheels track set . So when I bought this toy for my son , I could n't believe this Hot Wheels track ca n't attach to the rest of the track . It 's stand alone and just goes round & round & round ... My son was bored after 6 goes but we 're still pulling the old track out and reconnecting it all around the house in new ways every time
 The age rating police are right on with this toy . My parents bought it for our three year old , and it only lasted a day in our house before we packed it up . In spite of some of the nay-sayers , the cars really do fly out of the loop very fast -LRB- even w / the ugly netting -RRB- . We did n't have too much trouble with the track coming apart , however , the net did gradually slip off of the loops.Ultimately , my biggest complaint with the toy is that it is n't that fun . It 's a bit like watching a lava lamp
 I got this toy for my son for Christmas , this was the most important item on his list and every time he seen it on TV he would get excited . Well that was before . After playing with it off and on for about an hour , my 3 year old was watching when , I could not believe it , a car came flying out and hit her in the arm . needless to say we packed it back up and took it back to the store . I told my husband as soon as they fired it up it look dangerous as fast as the cars flew around and I had no idea they would fly off just as fast . I am glad no one was seriously hurt , and I was not about to wait around for it to happen either .
 My daughter received this for Christmas . Luckily , my husband and I put it together and played with it first . The net was a suprise-no mention of it on the ads or the box which I felt was mid-leading . The thing is so LOUD but the worst part is that the cars fly off the track -LRB- FAST -RRB- causing them to become little metal missiles . It hit my cat -LRB- thankfully in the leg -RRB- but it scares me to death to think of my daughter playing with it . We are boxing it back up and returning it . I have called the Consumer Products Safety Commission and filed a complaint . I urge everyone else who feels this way to do the same . Perhaps they will re-call these things before someone gets seriously hurt with it . I have tried to call the 1-800 number on the box but due to high call volume I must call back . Gee , I wonder what the calls are concerning . I wish I would have read the other reviews on this website prior to purchase .
 Wow , what a piece of JUNK . I bought this toy for my Grandson for Christmas . After his father and I spent over an hour trying to get this thing totally assembled , it held Nic 's attention for about 10 minutes . His comments , `` I ca n't get this meteor to stay together , the cars keep falling off , the car hit me in the face , is this ALL it does ? '' My comments , poor assembly instructions , poor design , poor quality , very noisy , potentially dangerous , no educational value , after you see the car fly by a couple of times it is repetitious and boring . And , the safety net is a big joke , we could n't get it on and keep the shape of the track , we stretched it , soaked it in hot water , stretched it again , every time we put it on the track fell apart and we had to reassemble it inside the net , does n't look like a ball it looks like an egg . Do n't try and move it , it falls apart . Do n't buy it , Hot Wheels should be ashamed of themselves !!!!!
 this was the biggest waste of money i have ever spent on a toy for my son . First of all it falls apart constantly . It is also dangerous with the cars flying off the track constantly . I would not recommend this product for anyone with a young child or even an older one .
 I do n't know if I have bad batteries or what ! My 3 year old barely plays with it and it seems to not work if the 4 D batteries are not totally new . It seems like the minute they start to wear down just the slightest , it wo n't keep the cars going . plus , I agree with most , it is not the safest toy ! I am not happy with it at all , and neither is my son !
 This thing ... so badly . I bought it for my son and the cars flew off the track and right into his mouth . We had to rush him to the dentist immidiately . I loath this toy . When we got back from the dentist my son played with it again after i told him not to . I came back from the store and the dog was under the coffe table scared out of his witts.My son was truthful and said it hit the dog in the nose . I am throwing the toy away now.Thanks Hot Wheels You cost me alot , P.S.Im emailing thisto hot wheels and having themrecall the toy.-No longer customer -
 My 5 yr old got this for his birthday . He loves it , but from a parents point of view ; it 's very loud and the cars shoot out suddenly . The manufacturer has added a netting to put around it -LRB- not shown on the box -RRB- to help keep the cars in . The netting is very difficult to get on the track , and then the toy does n't work as well .
 Good God ! How dangerous is this thing !! IF you can keep the car on the track for more than 3 seconds , without it coming off & hitting you in the face you 're lucky . When my son plays with it , he drops the car on the track & jumps out of the way.It comes flying off almost every time .
 My mom bought this for my kids . We set it up and they were SO excited to play with it . Their excitement turned to frustration quickly , though . When the motors are on , they 're really loud and not powerful enough to send the cars all the way around the loops . They made it just under half way and just dropped . When my boys used a real lightweight non-HotWheels car , the car took off but did n't stay on the track . Instead , it took off flying through the air narrowly missing my youngest sons head . They thought it was hysterical ... I definitely WOULD NOT recommend this toy .
 This track makes a lot of noise and honestly does n't seem very safe ! It does not always work the way it 's suppose to so my son can get very fustrated with it . The cars are suppose to eventually crash in the middle making the rock burst open but it hardly ever works right and is actually difficult for him to put back together when it does burst . Matchbox and hotwheels are the same company but matchbox 's quality is so much better then hotwheels but hotwheels products seem `` cooler '' Boys love hotwheels so what can we do but hope they start making better quality items and keep writing reviews for other parents .
 I was very disapointed with this toy . My son received this toy for Christmas last year from Santa . This toy was difficult to put together , chintzy , and never seemed to work right . The cars go around and around and that is it . The children can not really play with it so it did not keep their interest for long at all . It seems to me that Mathcbox and Hot Wheels toys are very overrated . I HATE spending money on them because almost all of them that we have ever owned have fallen apart shortly after we bought them . This product was a let down -- from it 's difficulty to put together to the fact that it takes up so much floor space , to the fact that it fell apart so quickly and was barely used . It also eats batteries . I would NOT recommend it .
 This toy is unbelievably loud and annoying ! The various pieces do n't hold together very well and the cars rarely stay on course , but instead fly off the track and crash onto the floor .
 When playing with this toy , our dog runs for cover ! Our son got it for his 7th birthday and he is scared of it . It scares me too . It is very dangerous ! I am sure many opthamologists can breath a sigh of relief . They will have not problem sending their kids to college with this on the market !! It is going back to the store !
 Even my son ca n't stand the noise this thing makes ! It is going to Goodwill soon . It really made him sad that the toy in the cool ads is n't nearly as much fun as he expected . Guess hotwheels put all the money into great ads and not into making great toys . Ripped off again by hotwheels .
 This bear is used and not specified also arrived in a ziplock bag , sorta smells bad . I am disappointed about the smell .
 This toy took a verrrry long time to set up , load batteries and sticker . What a big waste of time !! The thing never worked right and my son was major disappointed . I 'll think twice about a Hot Wheels toy next year .
 I should have listened to the previous reviews , but my five year old son persisted . -LRB- This toy was his top choice for Christmas -RRB- . He has 50-75 cars and not one would go through the booster chamber . This toy is going back to the store for a refund . For the price this toy should work perfect , but was a great disappointment on Christmas morning .
 I GOT THIS FOR MY 5 YEAR OLD SON FOR CHRISTMAS . I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS PRODUCT . FIRST -- SLIME IS A VERY BAD IDEA FOR CARPETS , BUT IT DRYED UP AND HAD TO BE THROWN AWAY WITHIN 48 HOURS . IT CAME WITH NO CARS AND TO FIND A CAR TO WORK IN IT IS LIKE FINDING A NEEDLE IN A HAYSTACK . THE CARS FALL OFF ALMOST EVERY TIME THEY TRY TO TAKE A CURVE . THE ONLY THING THAT WORKS RIGHT IS THE ROBOT TALKING . I PLAN ON RETURNING THIS . I HAVE BOUGHT OTHER HOTWHEELS TRACKS AND HAVE NOT LIKED ANY OF THEM . THE OLD TRACKS THAT USED GRAVITY WERE BETTER .
 I was one of those parents who paid -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- for this toy . It 's not even worth -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- . It 's not very durable and the kids are n't at all impressed with it . I think it 's horrible . One of the worst toys I 've bought .
 I vowed I would never buy Hot Wheels again because , aside from the cars , I 've never had one of their products pass the durability test ... that it does what its supposed to without falling apart . I broke down and bought this for my son after much bantering . Result ? Back to the store it went for a refund , with my son asking ` Mom , why doesnt it work like it did on TV ? ' Hmmm , good question ...
 Hot wheels should stick to die cast cars . This cyborg city is a horrible piece of junk . When I asked my son what he wanted for Christmas , the only thing he said was the cyborg . After weeks of trying to figure out what that meant , I saw the commercial . Right away I knew this was never going to work . After tearing it open on Christmas morning , my wife began to apply the 75 or so stickers . An hour later ... The track snapped together easily enough . I pulled out my son 's box of hotwheels . Out of about fifty cars , only 2 would actually make it around the track correctly . This toy will probably make it to the spring cleanup pile in a couple of months . Do n't waste your money or time with this .
 I ordered a Line Chaserz set for my son 's 8th birthday -LRB- a month before his birthday -RRB- . I even set up `` Rush '' delivery . I got an e-mail saying my order had been processed -LRB- order number and all -RRB- , yet I never received the toy . When I was finally able to find and contact the appropriate department at OVERBREAK.COM , I was brushed off , saying they could n't find my order and someone would call me back . No one ever did.My son 's birthday came and went -LRB- much to his disappointment -RRB- . I finally find an e-mail address at the site to write a complaint and it was never answered . I wrote a second e-mail a few weeks later and it was never answered . I was hoping that they would at least send the toy with free `` Rush '' delivery , but now I think they should send a free one altogether . But seeing as I have not heard from them at all and it has been months since I ordered it , I do n't think that will happen.When I found a Line Chaserz set through another retailer and got it home , my son and I found that it was a piece of junk that did n't work -LRB- in fact , someone else had already used it and taken it back -RRB- . It definitely was NOT worth the money . Think twice about ordering this or anything else through OVERBREAK.COM !!!
 Missing about 20 pages , just have not had time to resolve with the company . Who does really , you expect that a book would have all the pages . Really ! Get a new printer .
 I bought this toy for my son 's 6th birthday . First the good : Yes ! It really works ! You draw a line on the mat and put the car on the line and the car follows the line . It 's really pretty cool how far technology has come.Now , the bad
 I ordered a Line Chaserz set for my son 's 8th birthday -LRB- a month before his birthday -RRB- . I even set up `` Rush '' delivery . I got an e-mail saying my order had been processed -LRB- order number and all -RRB- , yet I never received the toy . When I was finally able to find and contact the appropriate department at OVERBREAK.COM , I was brushed off , saying they could n't find my order and someone would call me back . No one ever did.My son 's birthday came and went -LRB- much to his disappointment -RRB- . I finally find an e-mail address at the site to write a complaint and it was never answered . I wrote a second e-mail a few weeks later and it was never answered . I was hoping that they would at least send the toy with free `` Rush '' delivery , but now I think they should send a free one altogether . But seeing as I have not heard from them at all and it has been months since I ordered it , I do n't think that will happen.When I found a Line Chaserz set through another retailer and got it home , my son and I found that it was a piece of junk that did n't work -LRB- in fact , someone else had already bought it , it was broken , and they took it back -RRB- . It definitely was NOT worth the money . Think twice about ordering this or anything else through OVERBREAK.COM !!!
 I am normally a huge fan of Jeff Wilke 's puzzles . I have most of them and love them very much , but for whatever reason , they changed the cut style of this particular puzzle and it is extremely difficult and no fun at all . I am an avid puzzle enthusiast and have done more puzzles than I can count and I just did n't like the way every piece is almost the exact same shape .
 My son received this as a birthday gift for his third birthday . When we opened the package we were shocked to discover the poor quality of the product . The `` mat '' that it comes with is a very flimsy sheet that is creased & nearly-perforated along the seams . After playing with it only three times , the mat is now in four pieces . The car also barely follows the track my son draws - often shooting straight off the mat for no apparent reason . And the props ? They 're large & flimsy printed cutouts which attach to small clips and can be set on the scene - but when set on the scene they block most of the mat.The car ca n't even be pushed around because the wheels only spin when it 's turned on!My son has gotten moderate enjoyment out of the toy , but it takes more time to set up than he spends playing with it so we usually do n't bother . . It 's VERY overpriced for what it is and I definitely would n't recommend it to anyone .
 I ordered a Line Chaserz set for my son 's 8th birthday -LRB- a month before his birthday -RRB- . I even set up `` Rush '' delivery . I got an e-mail saying my order had been processed -LRB- order number and all -RRB- , yet I never received the toy . When I was finally able to find and contact the appropriate department at OVERBREAK.COM , I was brushed off , saying they could n't find my order and someone would call me back . No one ever did.My son 's birthday came and went -LRB- much to his disappointment -RRB- . I finally find an e-mail address at the site to write a complaint and it was never answered . I wrote a second e-mail a few weeks later and it was never answered . I was hoping that they would at least send the toy with free `` Rush '' delivery , but now I think they should send a free one altogether . But seeing as I have not heard from them at all and it has been months since I ordered it , I do n't think that will happen.When I found a Line Chaserz set through another retailer and got it home , my son and I found that it was a piece of junk that did n't work -LRB- in fact , someone else had already bought it , it was broken , and they took it back -RRB- . It definitely was NOT worth the money . Think twice about ordering this or anything else through OVERBREAK.COM !!!
 I ordered a Line Chaserz set for my son 's 8th birthday -LRB- a month before his birthday -RRB- . I even set up `` Rush '' delivery . I got an e-mail saying my order had been processed -LRB- order number and all -RRB- , yet I never received the toy . When I was finally able to find and contact the appropriate department at OVERBREAK.COM , I was brushed off , saying they could n't find my order and someone would call me back . No one ever did.My son 's birthday came and went -LRB- much to his disappointment -RRB- . I finally find an e-mail address at the site to write a complaint and it was never answered . I wrote a second e-mail a few weeks later and it was never answered . I was hoping that they would at least send the toy with free `` Rush '' delivery , but now I think they should send a free one altogether . But seeing as I have not heard from them at all and it has been months since I ordered it , I do n't think that will happen.When I found a Line Chaserz set through another retailer and got it home , my son and I found that it was a piece of junk that did n't work -LRB- in fact , someone else had already used it and taken it back -RRB- . It definitely was NOT worth the money . Think twice about ordering this or anything else through OVERBREAK.COM !!!
 I bought it and it sucks its missing pieces and it gave me a headache ... grrr dont buy it if you want something fun and complete because mine is missing 4 pieces
 My daughter was very excited to get this toy and it turned out to be garbage . This has got to be one of the worst produced puzzle ever . The included instructions say to remove all pieces with red dots on them as they are `` unnecessary '' . After spending an hour and and a half removing these puzzle pieces , as many of the red dot pieces were attached to `` good '' pieces , we ended up with a pile as big as the `` good '' pile ! My daughter and I decided to try anyway , but after a while , it was clear there was something very wrong and we were missing a lot of pieces . The worst part of this experience was how disappointed my daughter was .
 To my disappointment the Thames & Kosmos Microcontroller kit only works properly on Microsoft Operating systems that predate Vista . That said , RC Boca Hobbies accepted my return and the process was smooth as butter .
 Nice bright colors but horrible construction . It is not at all well-sanded as there are many , many visible areas of chipped wood and splintering . Also , one of the bolts has come apart and the screwdriver is too big for the slots in the screws . For such a great looking toy , this one is constructed so poorly that I am seriously shocked.This was definitely a waste of my money . If you are looking for a toolbox for a little one , keep looking -- this one ai n't it .
 I had to buy a guitar for my little student.I have a Luna Ukulele and loved it so I gave a try for this mini guitar.However , This was like the worst buy ever from amazon.The box had a big hole as if it was poked during delivery.And the product itself was dirty as if it was either used or been in a storage for way too long time.There were also black stains on tunning knobs and the paint finish on the guitar was just awful.It does produce sound for the price , though.I will show it to the student anyway and return it if her face says `` no '' . So , for kids under nine , this might work since they would n't really care much about paint job.I loved you once , Luna but not anymore : -LRB-
 i purchased this guitar for my daughter and I knew that this was n't going to be the best quality , but it was awful . The product was cheaply made and it made a buzzing noise because the strings hit the frets , so my daughter wouldnt have been able to play anything that would actually sound good . Then to top it all off I had to pay to return the product . I wouldnt recommend this product and I wouldnt order it through Musicians Friend either , you shouldnt have to pay to return horribly misleading reviewed products .
 beautiful to look at but finish was chalky . really wanted this for xmas gift . bought lead test kit from home depot bc i could n't find where it was made anywhere on guitar or box and was worried . 1st day result looked fine . later saw test sticks had changed color to kind of a brownish orange hue and red means lead and a slow result can be indicative of a different kind of lead than you see in the initial result . may be nothing , but i was n't taking any chances . called luna to advise them of possible quality issue and returned guitar to seller .
 So I bought this product directly from Orby . I took it out the day after I received it and brought it to a park at night with my friend . It broke after ten minutse of use -LRB- not an exaggeration -RRB- . It is very expensive considering the quality of the product . I knew the product would n't last a lifetime once I removed it from the package , but I did n't expect it to break so quickly . It resembled a child 's party favor toy -LRB- in packaging and material -RRB- . Things to know : - Built of foam . The tail section is built out out of a cheap foam , similar to what you 'd find at a craft store . - When you throw it like a football , it goes about half the distance you would expect . - To get distance , you have to throw it like a split-finger fastball -LRB- not a major problem , but annoying -RRB- . - The ball has 4 super bright LEDs , it does NOT have an even glow of light . This is important in a way I did n't anticipate . The brightness of the LEDs do not change as the ball is coming toward you . This makes it hard to catch , as it is difficult to judge the distance as it is coming towards you . Be prepared to drop a lot of catches and get hit a few times . It is also easy to underestimate the speed of the ball as it comes toward you . If the ball had an even glow of light , it would be easier to judge the depth and speed of it.-Order in which things broke
 I bought this whistle for my grandson about 3 weeks ago . It has had to be repaired twice in that amount of time . Truly a disappointment for a popular musical instrument for a toddler .
 I was really excited about this whistle . My one-year-old loves to toot on whistles , and I thought this would be a nice one to start on . The whistle is very poorly made . The holes are crooked , so you do n't actually get a very good sound out of it . I 'm very disappointed and will be sending this back .
 EGAMES PUZZLE MASTER 1I purchased this egame and I am sorry to say that I can not download it because I have windows XP . I wish it had been noted that it works only on windows 95/98 / ME BEFORE I ordered it.Hope this note will be helpful to others .
 My Package came with all the right parts for the Mini and the Tri-FIghter , But the ARC-170 is missing Every piece after step 10 . They gave me a TON of pieces I do n't need . Another one of my friends was , also missing many pieces for their ARc-170 and he ca n't attach the wing . I CA N'T EVEN ATEMPT TO BUILD IT!Also , it has been 2 weeks and LEGO still has n't comtacted me after 2 complaints . Soon I am going to call them because I am VERY upset at them
 Received the frog and the code had an expiration date and was expired . I feel so bad for my daughter , because she bought it and could n't even play it online .
 We got my son a couple Webkinz , frog and polar bear , for his 8th birthday last week.After a couple of days we noticed the seam on the frog has come apart about one inch . My son has barely handled the frog , and never has he thrown it nor played with it roughly.Initially , we had technical problems with the website . When we tried to enter `` My Room , '' the screen read `` loading '' but nothing happened no matter how long we sat there and waited . We have a three-year-old Dell computer with Java Script . And , I had read reviews on other websites where people have experienced the same difficulty.We had tried to call the technical assitance phone number . The first time it just rang numerous times until it turned into a busy signal . The following tries led to several rings , followed by lots of button pressing , only to hear an automated voice instructing one to send a detailed message through the website . When we tried that option , you are given a warning that any information supplied -LRB- e.g. your email address -RRB- becomes the property of Webkinz to use it in any manner in which they desire.Within the last few days , we have used the website about four times and have encountered no difficulties . My sons , ages 4 , 8 and 9 , can play the games independently , and find it a lot of fun.I 'll be sewing up the seam on the frog and I bought my other children their own Webkinz for Valentine 's Day . Keep in mind that the Webkinz website is available for one year , and then a fee is charged to continue membership.As other reviews indicate , the stuffing in many of these pets is lacking , but the kids do n't seem to mind . When the website is functioning smoothly , we are very pleased with the purchase .
 My friend got this webkinz and I am writeing a review for him . This frog is ugly . it has tiny eyes , and its colour is puke green . Do n't buy it if you like the webkinz plushes , but if you are going for the code then buy it because it has a cool item .
 I realize this toy is an affordable $ 10.00 and it does come with cool sound effects albeit WAY TOO LOUD , it is still a nightmare due to the extreme difficulty of changing the batteries . Duracells do n't fit right so I had to hunt down some generic alkaline AA 's . My 5 yr old son does enjoy the extending arm and the claw but the sound on that thing is deafening even with my high tolerance to noise .
 Was a complete disappointment , but due to condition of the merchandise upon receipt.After opening the package , the toy appeared worn , dirty and scratched . The box was obviously opened and retaped by someone else -LRB- perhaps someone returning the item , attempting to make it look like a new box -RRB- . The toy did not work , so I can not fairly review its performance . Even after we replaced all of the expensive batteries , it did not work well.We returned the item and are still waiting for a credit .
 This toy has been nothing but frustrating . As many of the reviews mentioned it worked at well at first but this lasted no more than a couple of days and seriously we did n't even play with it that much . None of the remote buttons work , it wo n't walk at all , all it does it make sounds and the eyes change color . Every now and then my daughter brings it out to play and then I am reminded at what piece of garbage this thing is . She really wants to play with it and ca n't understand why it does n't work anymore . Neither can I. And yes we 've changed the batteries so many times , I 've lost count.Seriously DO NOT buy this toy . Maybe we got a lemon but based on the other reviews there are a lot of lemons out there .
 We purchased this for our four year old son after reading favorable reviews on another shopping site.What a disappointment . Tekno does n't do half the things promised on the packaging . We 've replaced the batteries , followed the instructions to a T , and tried their customer service line -LRB- which always seems to be a recording saying `` All representatives are busy , please try again later . '' no matter when you call -RRB- . So ... customer service is non-existent AND you ca n't return him to the store . It says right in the instruction booklet , `` This product can not be returned for a refund after it has been unpacked and used . '' How do you know it does n't work until you unpack and try it ???? In short , save your money . This one is a real loser .
 For the first week , a few of the features worked . It did not do much of what the advertising claimed . Function declined rapidly , so we tried all new batteries . New batteries did not help . Within a month , it did nothing but make a small barking noise when you flipped the on switch . It was a complete disappointment .
 This toy does not work at all . None of the feature work well . We put in brand new batteries in both the toy and the remote , and it did not improve its performance . This toy has sat on the hearth ever since Christmas , almost completely unused by my 5-year-old . Unfortunately , we are unable to return it to Amazon as we threw away the packaging , and the only response we get from Amazon is a form-type email that we can not respond to .
 It took us about 15 minutes to liberate Tekno from his Chinese prison -LRB- you need some tools for this -RRB- . You basically have to destroy the carry case/package - this is a very poor design . Then it took us quite a while to get Tekno to `` respond '' and even more time to get him to work properly . We hung in there , and after a lot more time and frustration , we finally figured out how to get him to do his tricks . Unfortunately , by the time we had accomplished this my 7 year old had lost interest . The `` tricks '' are quite rudimentary and not very interesting . My son has not touched the toy once since Christmas . This toy was a big disappointment and a complete waste of money .
 My 6 year old daugher asked for Tekno puppy for Christmas . I told her no , as I did n't think she would be responsible enough for an expensive toy like Tekno . Then she pulled the Santa card on me and I was stuck . Since she is a complete animal nut , and we ca n't have a dog right now , I decided that Santa would oblige her and get it for her.Of course they were sold out and hard to find . I finally found one that was spotted like a dalmation . We got it , and both hubby and I anxiously waited for Christmas to see the look on her face !! Christmas morning she is of course ecstatic . It took my poor husband close to an hour to get the thing out of the box . I kept telling him `` Honey , that kind of language should n't be used on Christmas '' while ear muffing the kids . Finally he took it out to his garage so he could take it apart and curse at will without little ears around.Finally he gets it out , and at first it 's pretty cool , his eyes light , he whines , he pants , he wiggles , -LRB- as best as a plastic dog can -RRB- we 're all enchanted , especially my daughter , that is until she tries to throw the ball and get Tekno to chase it . The commercial makes it seem like the dog will fetch the ball -LRB- apparantly this was the big selling point for my child -RRB- and he does n't . Tekno got not so fun right after that.We noticed that Tekno does n't walk so great . So , we figure its the carpet and put him on the tile . Nope . He just sucks at walking . We made him do his little tricks , and we could not get him to stop a lot of the times . The sensors do n't work well . I finally got so frustrated with the music he was dancing to -LRB- he cycled through three songs I think -RRB- I slammed him down . -LRB- oops -RRB- He shut up though.Of course , I was righ and my daughter lost the remote the first day . She insisted on taking it to Grandmas and I think it got swept up with paper and tossed out . Ever since THEN Tekno has been SUPER lame . He 's currently in my daugthers room , turned off . We got tired of hearing him whine , and trying to walk and those infernal flappy ears.Do not buy this .
 I bought this product as a gift for Christmas . Truly disappointing ! First , it was a major hurdle just getting this thing out of the box . The whole process took about 40 minutes or so . But then , the pre-installed batteries did not work in either the dog or the remote . So , off to a local pharmacy to buy batteries . After the new batteries were installed , the product turned on but did not work as was claimed . The remote does not work at all and it seems that the dog just walks back and forth . If you expect anything more from this toy , it 's a bad investment .
 Please do n't be fooled by this toy and it 's description . There is nothing -LRB- not a thing -RRB- about this toy that is AI . It is simply a RC device , nothing more.What with the recent attention , and popularity , of AI -LRB- artificial intelligence -RRB- robots , this toy tries to cash in on the craze.Don ' t be misled . Unlike the truly AI dinosaur by Ugobe , Pleo , this puppy is simply a remote controlled toy . Yes , he barks and walks , etc - but not unless you press a button directing it to do so . That is NOT what AI is about.The undisputed leader in AI robots for the consumer is Sony , with it 's outstanding AIBO . Coming in at approximately two grand , when it was available , it truly represented what AI and good programming can bring ... a robot which ages and has it 's own personality based on your interaction with it . This Tekno pet , is a poor , poor substitute.Second in the AI robotic market , is the Ugobe Pleo , and that also has some very good AI , and at approximately 300 dollars -LRB- as of 2008 -RRB- , it 's a big investment , but more than worth the price.Do not waste your money on this toy , which is simply a remote controlled item . I own both an AIBO and a Pleo , and was looking for a lower end addition to my robot family of pets - what I got was a RC toy , NOT an AI robot.Additionally , as a side note - the packaging of the Tekno is especially difficult to open . I understand the need for theft-proof packaging , but this went above and beyond what is necessary and quickly turned into a mess of plastic shards , cut wraps , screwdriver removed screws and cardboard .
 Received the model and noted that some crucial parts had not been molded properly and the pieces would not fit properly . Loved the moving parts like the dive flaps just wish the wings were molded and every thing fit together .
 The boy 's metal speedster version of this toy was well-reviewed so I purchased one for my toddler grandson and the girl 's pink one for my toddler granddaughter . That was 2 months ago . I have her car at my house and she has barely played with it . Last night I noticed something peeling off of the silver hood ornament and cut myself twice trying to remove it.The boy and girl versions of the toys appear to be identical except for the color of the body , and the silver-colored parts seem to be exactly the same.The paint-like silver metal paint or laquer on the Schylling girl 's pink speedster ornament peels and is a sharp , metallic substance . It is also possible that a small child could ingest this paint .
 This game was more complicated than i expected . Was n't very fun . Had a time limit per each argument , which was sometimes too long or too short . Game did not pique our interest at all and we will probably never play again . What a waste of money !
 It takes a good 4 hours to put together , no joke ! There are so many pieces . Give yourself time and get help to put it together . Ours came damaged , what a disappointment , we had to give it to our son broken , amazon replaced it and said return the unused parts , what a project that was ! It took forever on the phone with people from india who you ca n't understand!Think twice !
 Outdoor toy that wo n't move outdoors ! It 's too big for the house , but the tires wo n't grab traction outside . Only one tire spins when pedalling . My 3 yr old loves to play with it but has to get off and push it to make it move outside . I wish someone would put real tires on these toys so the kids could actually use them outdoors and not just on driveways and sidewalks . It 's a dirt toy ! I would not purchase this again or recommend it unless they will be riding it on cemented surfaces .
 I 'm not sure why there are so many positive reviews of this toy , but I guess that other kids play differently with it . It is one of those toys that looks really cool to adults and the kids are excited about , but never actually gets used much . My kids wanted to take it outside and actually use it to dig in the dirt . And it does n't do that very well . Mostly because in order to use it , you have to move it , and even my 6 year old ca n't pedal it over the grass or sand . The wheels only work on a hard surface , so they only time they were really able to use it is in the driveway to move some snow . I should also mention that 2 kids ca n't use it at once -LRB- like the real thing , you ca n't be on either end at the same time -RRB- . Otherwise , this is an ENORMOUS toy and you have to have a place for it , which is difficult . No way is it a sandbox toy , as it does n't even work in our 8 foot sandbox . It is my advice that for the same amount of money , you buy several construction vehicles from Little Tikes or Bruder that actually work in a sandbox or dirt and that kids can actually manipulate .
 I 'm shocked that most of the reviews for this product were so positive . The reviews are what convinced me to purchase it for my son 's 4th birthday in the first place . Needless to say , he was thrilled , but within 10 minutes -LRB- yes , I said 10 -RRB- , the steering went out ! He was n't playing rough with it at all . He was simply driving it down a gradual hill toward the sandbox when something in the steering slipped out of place . My husband had to use a shim to get the parts to stay put so that the steering would n't malfunction again . I am returning this product immediately and replacing it with a digger that 's made mostly of steel ... NOT PLASTIC like this one . I 'm amazed that it 's lasted for other reviewers , but for $ 200 , I expected a much more durable toy for my little boy and his friends to play with . I 'm going with the peace of mind and longevity that metal toys have to offer . It 's too bad , really , because the combo front-end/back-hoe loader was like getting two toys for the price of one . However , I choose quality over quantity .
 We bought this tractor from Joe Brands . It was a big disappointment ! It was very poor quality and did not function at all as was described on the Joe Brands site . When I contacted Joe Brands and explained all the problems with this tractor they would not refund my money 100 % . They refused to pay the return shipping to send their dysfunctional item back to them . They told me I had to pay the shipping and send it back to the manufacturer in Wisconsin instead of back to Joe Brands in Colorado . I am in Las Vegas and it cost me a lot for shipping to Wisconsin instead of Colorado . When I bought this item they sent it to me with free shipping . After I shipped it back to them and they received it they disallowed my initial `` free shipping '' and deducted the original shipping cost from my refund . I am out over $ 100 because of Joe Brands . IF YOU BUY FROM JOE BRANDS YOU MAY BE SORRY !
 We got this for our boys ' birthday and thought they would be really excited . They were , but they would like it a whole lot more if it was built a bit sturdier . The whole thing is plastic , so we are n't suspecting it will last too long with 3 boys using it . They do like and want to take it everywhere , but the tires have little to no traction , so unless the dirt is extremely hard packed with no bumps or you are on pavement , good luck using the pedals . They do like to park it and use the digger , but to actually scoop up gravel or dirt with the front scoop is not easy for a little one , so they get a bit frustrated . It 's a great idea , but too costly for how it 's made .
 During all the excitement of opening holiday presents , my son 's `` secret code '' was lost . Webkinz customer service attitude was terrible . Basically , they could care less - but welcome you to buy a new one . Even with proof of purchase - NOTHING . They did n't even have the courtesy to reply to my email . My son thinks its great , but I have a horrible taste in my mouth and WILL NEVER PURCHASE ANOTHER WEBKINZ .
 My daughter tried to set up her account and it said her code was already in use . In other word , someone probably stole her code.So no costumer service help for a month now . Still waiting for a return phone call . All I got from email was the run around . I have a HUGE family . This is something I would have gladly given as gifts and recommendations because I know it would be fun . But now I feel totally dissed ! They took my business and then pooped on it .
 Even though the Webkinz toy & website were fun for my daughter , we lost the tag and have tried contacting customer service for TWO MONTHS !!! No response by emailing through our email , their website or calling . WHY do they say you have to be 14 years or older to call , if no-one is answering the calls anyway !!! I do n't plan to buy another , or suggest anyone else buy one either , until they can improve their customer service . What a kick in the face !!!
 I just got webkinz for my kid last week . He loves his puppy webkinz very much . However , this website keeps all kids hooked on . What bothers me the most is some pop-up games that allure him to play to keep coming back webkinz site daily in order to earn kinz kash -LRB- virtual money of this website -RRB- . One of the gimmick that this website entices your kid addicts to them is similar to gambling websites , and they really do have a game that no different from the slot machine !! This makes my jaw drop seeing what he is playing !! I could n't believe it !! Beware your kid might be learning how to play a slot machine at the very early age when you let them enter webkinz website unsupervised !! My wife need to pull him out and tell him that this is not good for kid to play something like a slot machine or gambling-like games , even though it 's originate from the webkinz website . Please make sure that parents always have to supervise your kids when you let play webkinz online . This website is not 100 % safe for kids . They seem to have a hidden agenda in alluring your kids to become addicted to their games and their sites in order to make sure that your kids will keep their membership once their first yr member expires . Some -LRB- or Most -RRB- of their games are non-educating games and really not much different from the gambling websites . This webkinz website is not safe for kids . Beware of addiction , and crave for earning more kinz kash which makes it indifferent from gambling websites !
 I bought this item for my son to use with his v-smile PC Pal gaming console and it is not compatible with it . To use this I will now have to purchase ANOTHER game console with the `` player 1 '' `` player 2 '' option !?!? The PC Pal only has a 1 player option but WILL NOT work with the Jammin Gym Class . I am frustrated and annoyed ! I already have the PC Pal -LRB- which is not compatible with the regular v-smile console -RRB- and the V-Motion so the thought of having ANOTHER big game console is not appealing to me ... Not sure what to do but buyer beware if you have the PC Pal this item WILL NOT work !!!!!!!!!
 Bought this produce for 4-year old and within 2 days it was broken . Touch pads did n't work anymore . Do n't think it is rugged enough for little boys or maybe just got a bad one .
 This was bought for a 5 yr . old . When she took it apart to put it together , the top layer of thin wood -LRB- on which the design is glued ? -RRB- broke off on several of the pieces . I had to glue them back on and do n't know if they 'll stay or if others will come off . Very disappointing from the usual quality of Melissa and Doug products I 've come to expect .
 I was very disappointed that these puzzles had no picture to follow . I bought them for my 3 year old grandaughter 's birthday . She 's a whiz at putting puzzles together but it is very difficult for even an adult to do without a picture . There is a small picture glued on the back but it is impossible to peel off . Very unhappy about this purchase .
 i got this for my daughter for christmas this yr -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . It is a complete joke . it doesnt come with anything pictured at all . it no where on the box says what items are included anywhere . it says other phrases but nothing to tell you this is what is included & this is not . my daughter opened it SO excited & was instantly let down & that makes me really angry ! and for the price it should include alot more ! ours was about 35-40 bucks ! it is a complete waste of money .
 Well , I do n't mind paying -LSB- $ $ -RSB- for a dollhouse as long as it is worth the money . And assuming my daughter is going to play with it . :O -RRB- I ordered this for Christmas 2004 so she has n't seen it yet ... obviously.But ... I 'm not impressed . It is made from cardboard !!! It does n't do anything special . The fisher price little people doll houses are the same price and much better quality . They come with lots of accessories and moving parts!Very disappointed with the value for your money ! How durable can this be ???
 I agree with the other reviewers - I could n't tell from reading the box what was included & what was n't . -LRB- ... -RRB- I think my daughter will enjoy playing with it but it probably wo n't last long because it does n't look very sturdy . I would have been very upset if I had paid the original price for this . Most other toy manufacturers make it clearer what 's included in their sets and what is n't .
 We bought this for our 4 1/2 year old daughter and are very disappointed . The floor on the fold out part is all bubbled -LRB- it 's a sticker -RRB- and there are not all the items that you think are included . The box is very decieving . Good thing I opened it before giving it and bought some extra accessories . At least I thought good thing until she tried to put the babies on the rocking horses and they just keep flipping off or wo n't fit at all -LRB- one of their legs wo n't open wide enough to fit ! . The drawers on the changing table can not be opened by a child -LRB- not even our 9 year old -RRB- and have to be opened by us . Very upsetting gift . Lots of fustration here . I even called MGA and got NO help at all . I would not recommend this toy at all .
 This house is not worth it . All your getting is a cardboard house . The advertising is deceiving . There is no furniture and the only accessories is cardboard people and TINY plastic teddy bears and bottles for each person . On the box it says lots of accessories and furniture packs . The furniture is drawn onto the walls . My mom bought it for my 4-yr old and she took it back . It was n't even worth the $ 7.50 that she paid for it .
 I wish there had been some reviews before I purchased these . I bought 2 -LRB- red & blue -RRB- dribbles for my 15 year old son who loves to play bag ball . The lights were really cool looking , but were broken within minutes of my son using the ball . Unless you plan NOT to use these for what they are intended , they might make a neat little night light on your dresser .
 We got this for my 5 year old son who loves puzzles . The picture is nice and the cardboard is good quality but to my surprise one piece was missing -LRB- no , we did n't loose it on the floor -RRB- and at least 6 pieces were `` doubles '' - not cut properly . I was very surprised because we have had no problems with Melissa and Doug products in the past .
 its electric ? how about gas powered dirt bikes ? huh ? i highly recomend gas powered items . Like the pocket rocket ! get a couple gas powered pocket rockets ! you guys are pathetick !
 Christmas morning , charged all night , my son got on it and it does not work . What a dissapointment . Now we have to find a RAZOR dealer to get it fixed , give me a break . I will be going out in the morning to but my sone a new Polaris 4 wheeler , which is what I should have done in the first place . RAZOR PRODUCTS SUCK .
 Totally cool product , kids had fun , I had fun!Problem was reliability when the bike was 2 weeks old!Charging plug on bike prevented proper charging resulting in dead bike!No fun!Razor sends out new part , owner supplies labor , NO fun!On / Off switch breaks , can not turn off bike!No fun , battery dies!Razor sends new switch , owner supplies labor , NO fun !
 My son got this in October . It worked great for a while . Than the unit stopped fully recharging and goes slow . I called the company who gave me the name of a center to service it . This was afer 1 day of owning it . I called the center who does not return calls . I had to call razor who said they can send me a battery but i would have to pay for the install . I did it and the next battery did the same thing . They sent me two more batteries and I tried one which just died after 3 min . I have anothr battery and a piece of garbage in my garage . I do not have hours and hours to spend on this . The stores do not return them so i m out of luck and so will you if you buy this .
 I bought this razor dirt rocket electric bike ... it came without the axle and spacer an washers , nuts to hold it all together ... I need help finding out how to get this part I paid for.order received 1/18/2007 . If I get this part I would rate it 5 stars.Sharon Tilton in Calif
 What a disaster ! Came without the front axle and several other parts . Box was a mess , parts were broken . Another reviewer said the same thing , but I thought amazon would have fixed the problem by now . BUYER BEWARE !!! Disappointed son on his birthday . Amazon did give a prompt refund and sent UPS to pick up .
 I have owned both the Razor MX500 and MX350 . I first got the MX350 when I was about 10 -LRB- says age 13 + -RRB- . At age 10 most kids would be almost too big to ride this . Its going to be too small for many 11-12 year-olds . About a year to a year and a half ago I bought the MX500 . It says ages 14 + and at 14 it was just my size , and I knew I 'd only have about a year on it . Within a few months the whole back end and tire had to be replaced . A few weeks after that , both the charger died -LRB- the MX350 charger died a few months before that -RRB- . And after the winter , even though we stored them inside , they both needed new batteries . In the Owner 's manual it says `` Even with proper care , a rechargeable battery does not last forever . Average battery life is 1 to 2 years depending on vehicle use and conditions . Replace only with a Razor replacement battery . '' If you 're willing to spend $ 139.99 every year to keep this going , keep reading . On the website it boasts about how awesome it is off-road . In the owner 's manual it states `` Use only on solid , flat -LSB- , -RSB- clean -LSB- , -RSB- and dry surfaces such as pavement or level ground . '' And I can vouch for the fact that this will not be able to take someone up a dirt hill . It gets 2 stars because for the small amount of time it works , it actually is pretty fun . But both of these together we have put at lest $ 700 + into these in about 5 years and now they ca n't sell for more than $ 100 -LRB- I am trying to sell them as I have outgrown them -RRB- . These will cost you a lot of money for something that is not very reliable or durable , but pretty fun . If money is no issue what-so-ever -LRB- doubtful -RRB- , then these are great for little kids to learn before a real dirt bike , or just for the heck of it.This is from someone who has had experienced these for 5 + years .
 Bike broke with less then 1 hour of use . Called razor and was told it needed a new rear wheel . I was told it was in stock and would ship right away . Called 3 weeks later and was told part was back ordered and that it could take 3 to 6 months for replacement part . Razor is no help and they think it 's okay to have a child wait 6 months to use his xmas gift .
 It 's not sluggish . It works great or not at all.The not so helpful manual says that maybe the connectors need reconnecting . After removing the plastic case I find that there are a half dozen connectors with various lables on them . The connectors are mated tightly and all have a black plastic tie-wrap around the mated connectors to keep them together.Seems that at around 40 deg F the unit will not work . Twist the throttle and you can hear a small click from the Controller under the seat area , most likely a relay . The motor does not turn . Probably a bad connection inside the electronics somewhere.If a bring the bike into my heated house for a while it resumes normal operation . You hear a couple cliks and the motor turns.If I park it in the unheated garage it stops working.I will most likely return it to PepBoys Automotive within the week . It was their last one -LRB- floor model -RRB- so who knows if it was `` tested out '' by the employees ... . I like putting new things together myself so I know it 's built correctly .
 From day one our Razor MX Dirt Rocket would n't last for more than 2 minutes . About a month after purchase , I contacted Razor directly , since there are warnings all over not to return to the retailer . The Razor rep said they would send a battery/electric motor replacement unit and that no replacement of the Dirt Rocket itself was allowed . To make a long story short , I never received the battery/electric motor unit and when I contacted Razor , the response I got was that they did n't have record of my original contact and that it was now past the 90 day warranty . Needless to say , our family will never purchase a Razor product again .
 We purchased this for our 10 year old son . It was great for 1 week - then the back tire stripped out and now it wo n't run . When we went online to see what to do - there were other reviews-not on Amazon - about this problem . Now we have to spend the next 3 weeks taking it to a repair shop and getting a new back wheel put on . Make sure your children ONLY ride this in the street and not `` hard '' it will strip the gears and wreck the back tire !
 Bought for my son for Xmas , rode about 8X , rear wheel stopped working . Can not buy replacement part due to `` Out of Stock '' . Same problem as with many others who reviewed . Do not buy , it 's tempting , but risk is not worth it . Big waste of $ and dissapointed kid .
 I read just about all of the 90 + review . Same issues , busted up boxes with missing parts and a rear wheel that goes bad . How can this continue ? Why does Amazon even sell these , and how is Razor dealing with this ? Do n't they get the message by now something is wrong ?
 As the title says - it was a great little dirt bike , at first . After two days , however the common problem came up . Many other reviewers said the same thing
 Do n't buy any Razor products except for their original scooter . Their customer service is non existent . If they believed in their products you would be able to buy and return them at a retail store like any other product . You would not have to sign off that you will not return it to the store . After the success of their original scooter they took their brand name and tried to squeeze every bit of profit out of it that they could . Razor does not mean quality to the many people screwed by their products .
 We purchased this bike for our 7-year old son for Christmas . After reading the reviews , we were nervous about purchasing it but we were not comfortable purchasing the more powerful MX650 and the MX350 was too small . In an effort to avoid disappointment on Christmas morning , we ordered it early -LRB- the box was badly worn upon arrival but all parts were there -RRB- and tested it several times before the big morning . Despite that , the bike STILL broke on Christmas morning after ONLY ten minutes of use . Our son did love it for the ten minutes that he was able to ride on it ; however , the common design problem occurred . The clutch is mounted on the rear wheel and it is very poorly designed and appears to fail easily . In order to fix the problem , Razor has to send a new rear wheel and we have to cross our fingers that it actually works this time AND continues to work.Despite being concerned about the MX650 being too much bike for a 7-year old , I wish that we had purchased that bike instead . It does not appear to have the same design flaw that the MX500 is plagued with and at least it would be working right now .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my son and after putting it together it did n't work . I bought it early as a Christmas present so the warranty ran out by the time winter was over and he was ready to use it . After putting it together there was a disconnected wire in the throttle which I had to find a razor dealer to repair . Brand new , never used and already an extra $ 40.00 charge . After that it ran for a while and now it will not hold a charge . I read other reviews and decided I will not go through the exercise of buying a new battery which is about $ 90.00 without tax . I highly recommend not buying this dirt bike !!!
 It sounds like I am not the onl ; y one has had issues with this and Razor certainly doesnt stand behind it . Worked great for awhile then it seemed like it wouldnt charge . Checked battery with a meter and the battery was good and when checking throttle it was sending right amount of volts to motor . Motor done in less than 6 months . Had another Razor scooter a few years before and within a year the motor on that went as well . If you want it to work for just a short time it is a great product . But dont expect anything over 6-9 nmonths out of it . I have purchased my last Razor product . I understand things happen but when they have happened on both Razor products I have purchased and Razor was willing to do nothing about it well that to me says it all . Garbage Product !
 We bought this for our 10 year old son for Christmas and it has already broken after riding it a dozen or so times . My son only weighs 75 pounds and he rode it on the street and on grass . Now the back gear is stripped and the rear wheel will not move . I wish I had read the reviews by others about the rear wheel problem . This is a very common problem and yet Razor will not replace it once you are out of the 90 day warranty period . The rear wheel costs $ 50 to replace , so if you buy this product plan on replacing the rear wheel assembly .
 This bike worked great for a the first four months and then quit . The warranty is only for 90 days . I called Razor tech support that told me that the problem was the electrical kit and I would need a new one for $ 50 . Two weeks later the kit came in and I replaced it . Still did n't work . I called tech support again and they said it was the charger for $ 40 that needed to be replaced but it was back orderd for 4-6 weeks . Still not working but have many useless parts !
 I bought my son one if these b/c he wanted a dirtbike so i bought him one i put so much money into it i payed for a use real dirtbike .
 HA ha ha ha ha ha ha ha , dont get me started gas powered dirt bikes = mutch better . eletric powered = sucks my opnion is dont by anything eltric or moroize cuaes evry thing honda or razor suck , i like real honda dirt bikes but not this eletronic dirt bike , ha they should even call it a dirt bike more like a bike with a motor slapped on !!!!!! its not durable or fun!if your one of those over protective moms that wants there momas boy safe then this porduct is for them or if u want to be a cool mom then by a gas powered dirt bike there thank u when they turn pro pulling back flips of a jump making milloins every day !! or u could just follow them hand an foot kissing there boo boos an scrapes !! ps : my grammar might suck
 Do not buy this ! I am 14 years old and I saved my money for 3 months to buy this . I finnaly ordered it and was extremely excited ! I assembled it , charged it , and the next day , I rode in my neighborhood . A cop drove buy and got out of the car and told me that it was illegal to ride those . It got impounded and I had to pay a $ 120 plus $ 150 dollars to get it back . Now , I have spent a grand total of $ 570 and I have a useless dirtbike in my garage . Dont buy !!!! There Illegal in almost every state !!!
 I got this bike for my son over a year ago . At first , it was a great bike and a lot of fun . Then the bike stopped running . First we had to buy a new rear wheel that cost $ 50 . It was easy to put on . Then we had to replace a control module . It was not so easy . I thought that maybe everything would be fine , but today it has stopped running again . And once again the problem is the rear wheel . I have already put almost as much money into the bike that I originally spent on it . So , it is not worth buying another rear wheel . Not to mention , what is the point in buying another part that will eventually break again . I think that the Razor company needs to acknowledge that the rear wheel assembly is defective and fix it . I will not waste my money on a Razor MX500 again until they do . BUYER BEWARE !
 Hi ... maybe we were UNLUCKY !! But the first Razor Motorcycle we got from Amazon had broken gears . We would give it some ` gas ' and the rear sprocket would just spin , as if the gears were not engaging with the sprocket/chain . So we returned that first bike , and Amazon sent us a new one at no charge -LRB- which was great -RRB- . Unfotunately the SECOND bike was n't much better . The battery on the second bike did n't hold a charge . We followed the directions for how to charge it initially , which we did , but now the yellow like on the throttle always shows `` lit '' meaning that it needs a charge , eventhough we had it on the chareger for several hours . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ... IT 'S NOT WORTH IT .
 I purchased the Razor MX500 for my grandson 's birthday . The bike arrived on September 21 , 2011 . The bike was 90 % assembled out of the box and it only took about 30 minutes to complete the handlebar and wheel assemble . I then charged the bike 's batteries and presented it to my grandson on September 23 , 2011 . Jackson loved the bike but after only two weeks of use it quit running . We went through all the troubleshooting techniques listed in the manual and online but it still would n't run . We called Razor directly and they said a part was bad and they are going to send us a new part . The bike only comes with a 90 day warranty -LRB- very short for an item that cost $ 340 -RRB- so it 's important to get it fixed right away . Very disappointed the electric dirt bike did n't hold up longer but I guess we 'll find out how good Razor 's service and warranty department are . Jury 's still out on this product but I 'm starting to feel like I 've wasted my money on this product .
 We purchased this product for Christmas for my son . He loved it ... at first . He rode it as much as possible , but this past winter produced a good amound of snow in our area so he did not get much opportunity to ride . After riding the bike four or five times the centrifugal clutch that drives the rear wheel stripped and the bike would not move . We called Razor and in order to fix the problem you must replace the entire rear wheel assembly , they sent out a replacement wheel assembly at no charge . The wheel assembly was easy enough to replace.This Spring we had a significant amount of rain so he was unable to ride more than a few times . Again after replacing the wheel assembly he was able to ride the bike four or five times and the centrifugal clutch failed again . We again called Razor and they sent out a replacement wheel assembly.Now that summer is here and the weather has reached the point that he can ride , we have gone through two more wheel assemblies due to a failure in the centrifugal clutch . The latest cluch lasted two rides -LRB- maybe 30 minutes -RRB- . Overall my son has gotten maybe 10 hours of ride time.I have spoken to Razor to determine what is causing the clutch to fail and the person answering the phone is simply reading from a script so you can not get any valid information . They tried to tell me that the chain is too tight ... the problem with that theory is that the bike comes with a chain tensioner . In order for the chain to be too tight the tensioner would have to be applying more pressure than it is physically capable of applying . When I pointed this out to the customer service rep she got rather irritated that I was not believing the line provided by the script she was reading.At this point I am going to call again and get another wheel assebly ... but given that they last a short period if time I will not be purchasing one when Razor stops replacing them and I will not buy or recomment another Razor product . We would have been far better off buying him a small gas powered dirt bike than the Razor product that is clearly not engineered very well . I would recommend you save your money and a great deal of frustration for both you and your child and avoid this product .
 This is ridiculous and we are completely frustrated . We bought this bike for my son 's birthday . He paid half of it with his birthday money . 5 days after we bought it , the rear wheel stopped working . Same problem as many others -LRB- read below -RRB- where the wheel just stops turning . We waited for the part from Razor for 6 weeks and finally asked the store where we bought it to take it back . They graciously did , and we had another one assembled for us . 3 weeks later , the EXACT SAME PROBLEM !!!!!! Razor !! You need to recall this defective product and give the people their money back !
 I PURCHASED THIS BIKE FOR MY SON FOR CHRISTMAS , WHEN I WENT TO PUT BIKE TOGETHER IT WAS MISSING PARTS , CALLED CUSTOMER SERVICE AND THEY WERE NO HELP . I HAVE SEEN OTHER REVIEWS THAT SAID RAZOR HAS POOR PRODUCTS AND POORER CUSTOMER SERVICE AND I SHOULD HAVE LISTENED . DONT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE . DONT BUY RAZOR PRODUCTS .
 I too bought this bike for my son on his birthday . It came the first time with the bike half way out of the box , cardboard missing from the box and numerous parts missing including the front axle and tire !!! Amazon said they would send me a new one no problem . Two days later I received the same item in the same box as before . Amazon said they would send it one more time ! Well , after three weeks have gone by and I finally recieved the bike -LRB- AGAIN DAMAGED TO THE POINT THAT THINGS HAD FALLEN OUT OF THE BOX ON THE UPS TRUCK -RRB- I got a refund but my son still did not have a bike a month after his birthday !!! What a disaster !!!!!!!!!
 DIRT ROCKET # 1 WAS BROKEN WITHIN A COUPLE HOURS AFTER BRINGING IT HOME . TOOK IT BACK TO THE STORE AND WAS TOLD THE BEARINGS WERE STRIPPED AND COULD NOT BE REPAIRED . THEY ASSEMBLED ANOTHER ONE FOR US AND AGAIN WITHIN A COUPLE OF DAYS DIRT ROCKET # 2 BEARINGS WERE STRIPPED . THE STORE CLERK SAID THAT THESE BIKES ARE NOT TO BE RODE ROUGHLY . THEY ARE MORE LIKE AN ELECTRIC SCOOTER . I DONT CONSIDER RIDING UP AND DOWN THE STREET/DRIVEWAYS ROUGHT RIDDING . FORTUNATELY , WE WERE ABLE TO RETURN AND GET OUR MONEY BACK . MY SON WAS EXTREMELY UPSET ABOUT RETURNING THE DIRT ROCKET , SETTLED FOR PLAYSTATION3 INSTEAD . HE 'S HAPPY ; I 'M HAPPY . I DO N'T ADVISE THE PURCHASE OF THESE `` VEHICLES '' -- THEY ARE LEMONS !
 I purchased this bike for my son this past Christmas . It was his only gift . I immediately had a problem with the breaks -LRB- which I was able to fix -RRB- . Then , the power would not shut off -LRB- even when the the on/off switch was turned off -RRB- so it never held a charge . It took me 40 phone calls to Razor for before I could even speak to a person . -LRB- Their recording just kept telling you to call back later because they were so busy from Christmas sales . -RRB- I finally arranged to have a new on/off switch shipped to me . I rec 'd it with no instructions to install ... which turned into about a two hour process for two people to accomplish . Now the bike will turn on and off but it wo n't go when you hit the throttle . I understand when things break but my biggest gripe is with the company . They do not stand behind their products and all they want is to send you more parts to fix it . All I want is what I paid for . I ca n't tell you how dissappointed my son is and my husband and I. Do n't waste your money !
 Much has been written about the Razor electric motocross bikes . So , I would just like to add that the Bike stopped working one day after the warranty expired .
 We purchased a MX500 Razor Dirt Electric Motro bile from Toysr ' Us in July , 2007 for our grandson to use when he visited . The bike ran very well the 4-5 times he came over to ride . This past weekend , Feb 15-17 , we got the bike out after charging overnight and it did not run . Called Razor and they said it was likely the electric control module ? Warranty is only for 90 days ! Way too short ! Module wil cost $ 24.99 plus shipping . Very dissappointed !
 i got this item on november 7 . and the box came scratched and the dirt bike had a flat tire right out of the box ! also right know it makes a whining sound whenever you ride it , and it only runs for 25 min . not the told 45 . anyway my friend got this and his also was broken but he sent it back and know he has a good one . I suggest this item to plenty of people but if you are worried about the chance of a scratched and tore box or a broken bike do n't get it .
 OK , I read all of the reviews too . I decided to take a chance against my better judgement ... I figured I 'm very mechanical ... if it breaks I 'll fix it right ? We 'll yeah it broke , right after my 7 year old rode it for 5 minutes on his birthday . My wife and I contacted Razor immediately , spoke to two representatives then finally the supervisor . After 2 hours of taking this thing apart with the phone in one ear and a very upset 7 year old in another-the supervisor came to the conclusion that the batteries were defective as well as the brake levers and we would have to wait weeks for both . I immediately took the piece of junk apart , put it back in the box and returned it for a full refund . The next day , I went to a local motorcycle shop and bought a used 50cc gas powered dirtbike for half of the price that runs like a champ.In all seriousness , there is nothing worse than the look on your child 's face as they are so excited to see a dream present ... a shiny new MX500 , then ride it for 5 minutes and have their dream shattered and heart broken . No one can explain the feeling I felt and I am no `` softie '' ; I can assure you . Do n't but this thing folks ... do n't do it.Anyway , the MX500 will need a new battery pack -LRB- $ 135.00 -RRB- every year plus God only knows what else . Go buy a gas powered Chinese dirtbike for $ 300 bucks that needs maybe a gallon of gas a week and can run all day vs. 20 minutes then needs to be charged for 14 hours .
 The bike is good while it was working . It only worked for several times and my son loved it . But then it stop working the bike still looks brand new . I was trying to see if my mechanic fix it and he told me that the part needed to be changed . I was late calling Amazon by 2 days to just return the item . They did not care about the product being defective only after several times of use and they did not want return my unit even though this was my FIRST time asking for a return after purchasing thousand and thousands dollars of merchandise . I though Amazon is much better than that
 Purchased this product for my sons 11th birthday and two weeks after the chain tensionser broker . Received replacement part and screw is stripped so we can not even fix it . This is suppose to be a dirt bike and the videos show kids doing all kinds or things with it . I suggest if you purchase to just have them ride up and down the street and make sure there are no bumps .
 Bike broke within 10 minutes of riding it . It is going back to the store . Please read all the bad reviews on this . They are all true !
 First time I received the Razor the box was badly torn and the front axle parts were missing . They probably fell through the numerous holes in the box . Returned to Amazon and asked for replacement . The second Razor arrived in an even worse box and also had parts missing . It looked like the second box had probably been returned by someone else and Amazon is just reshipping these things to the next person who orders . Beware ordering this from Amazon because it seems as though your are just going to get something someone else returned that had missing parts . Amazon has got to be losing a fortune on the back and forth shipping costs on these things .
 I bought one of these for my 6 year old . He used it for a year and loved it . It worked well . However , over the winter I stored it indoors in my basement to avoid freezing temps here in New England . When I brought it out in the spring , the battery would not hold a charge at all - completely dead . The only authorized repair center was too far away for me . I bought an exact replacement battery online for $ 75 and installed it . It worked , but the motorcycle only goes half as fast as it did before . I read some similar reviews elsewhere with someone going to the company for 4-5 more new batteries within days of purchasing a new bike before finding one that worked properly . My son wo n't even ride it anymore because its so slow.I 'm not sure I would spent the money on this again knowing I will only get a years worth of use from it without investing more money in it just to keep it running.It is a toy after all . Very disappointed in the quality of this and all toys today . We took extra good care of this maintenance wise . Does anyone make anything that lasts or stand behind their products anymore ?
 Bought this for my 10 yr . old . He loved it UNTIL only 8 weeks later it completely broke down . Took it to a bike/scooter shop and even they could n't fix it . Listen to all the reviews - I took a chance thinking `` Mine will last longer . '' . No luck . What a waste of money . Do not buy one unless you get a full warranty for at least a year . Will never buy Razor again .
 Was very disappointed that a part on the tire/chain broke immediately & we needed to wait for a replacement part . This is an ongoing defect with these bikes that needs to be corrected BEFORE they sell them .
 It was a Christmas Present for my son and we charged it 18 hours like it said . He was so excited and we took him outside to use it and it did not work at all ! So now my husband is taking it to a dealer -LRB- 2 hours from our home -RRB- to get it fixed and they are getting alot of these sent there to fix!Dont waste your money on a horrible gift !
 I only had it 30 days and im not sure what happen but now i cant charge it it wont go
 We have had nothing but trouble with this bike . we have returned it two times to the retailer and within two weeks it is n't working again . There is noone within 100 miles to take the bike to which is a real inconvenience . Would not buy this product again , ever !
 The product was shipped without a front axle so could not be used until Razor sent a new one . Throttle and controller broke down after 2 weeks . Rear wheel has a clutch that broke down now it in the shop waiting for a new wheel from Razor . A friend also just bought one and the rear wheel clutch also broke after 3 weeks . The bikes are fun for the kids when they are working but do n't seem to hold up and getting warrenty parts seems to take too long .
 We bought 2 of the MX500 bikes for Christmas for my 2 sons . Used less than 10 times and the Flywheel on the rear wheel broke -LRB- my sons weigh less than 70lbs and they only rode on pavement -RRB- . Not covered under warrenty because after 90 days -LRB- bought in November 2006 but kids did not really start to use until spring -RRB- . From reading other reviews this appears to be a common defect but Razor will not replace the rear wheel for free . Even if I wanted to purchase rear wheel replacement from Razor - it is out of stock which further makes me believe this is a defect.Fun when product works , but I would not recommend buying because of defect .
 It is a great like bike for kids to have fun riding.Unfortunately there is a defect with the rear wheel assembly . Recently our 2nd wheel broke where it will only freewheels -LRB- spins -RRB- and wo n't engage to drive the wheel . Unlike a bicycle , they do n't sell the center hub -LRB- broken part -RRB- , but only the whole assembly . Very wasteful of both money and material resources to only sell this entire piece .
 Be careful about buying this bike !! If you have to return it , you will be out a lot money . The bike is too large for our child , it is VERY heavy for him . Unfortunately , UNbeatablesale will not help out with cost of the return . It 's going to cost us @ $ 200 dollars !! I 'm so used to just trusting Amazon.com to work with top notch sellers that I never even considered the case of a return . BIG mistake . No where in their return policy does it say it say that the sole responsibility for returns is on the customer . Sorry that Amazon works with this company as they do not have a clear return payment policy . They simply say that they will not send out prepaid return labels . This brief statement leaves a lot of room for interpretation .
 WE purchased this bike as a gift for my 10 year old son as his main Christmas present . He got on to ride his new bike on Christmas morning and the Razor did not work properly . We evaluated all of the troubleshooting scenarious on the website . From everything we can tell the rear wheel is not engaging . The motor drives the chain does not engage the wheel to produce momentum . We are very dissatisfied at this moment .
 The size is misleading . I love cribbage and thought this one was cute compared to the usual wood ones with the green and red tracks . It is a mini set , it says pocket version on the box , BUT showing the card deck in the center you would think it was a normal card deck when they are really only about 2 inches tall . On top of that they are very thin and would n't last long . The cards do not fit in the compartment either so I 'm not sure what all the storage space is for . This was a disappointment .
 We 've been burned by V-Tech and their inferior products twice before . The V-Smile system only worked for a few months ; the V-Pocket worked for exactly 13 days . So , I suppose this is pretty much our fault for buying our 7 year old what he REALLY wanted for his birthday.Imagine my complete lack of surprise when I pulled this system out of the box on his birthday and it did n't work at all . We 've tried all of the `` Troubleshooting Tips '' three times and tried various outlets in the house . The thing does not work . When we called V-Tech about the issue , we were told that since we bought the unit 3.5 months ago -LRB- when it was on a great sale -RRB- , it is not their problem . Lovely customer service.Save your money and always buy LEAP FROG ! We 've never had a single problem -LRB- read
 I bought this for a boy I sit for . It was xmas and he was so excited to play with his first race track . The track was easy to put together but the stand that the track rested on would not sit even on the floor . The blue car would not move so the yellow car raced itself . And the worst part of the track was that one of the controls started smoking 2minutes after playing with it and would not stop . The track was returned to the store the next day ! I was so upset and embarrassed.This toy was a major disapointment . Hot wheel toys are not made like they used to .
 Bought this for my 5 year old sons birthday . He loved it , played with it for about a week then it just stopped working . Ca n't figure out why . Do n't waste your money .
 i got this toy 4 x-mas about a year ago and guees what after a day of play it literly blew upone of the cars caght fire!im sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo disoponted after a year dont get any cars like this they never work !
 My 6 year old son received this for his birthday and it worked for about 20 minutes -- after that , it was hit or miss . One car would work then stop , the other car would work then stop , etc. . I finally dismantled it and tossed it in the garbage when he was sleeping . I got tired of hearing `` mom , could you fix it '' every 5 minutes .
 TERRIBLE . I BOUGHT THIS FOR A 2 1/2 YR OLD BOY WHO DESTROYED IT AFTER PLAYING WITH IT ONLY A FEW TIMES . THE CARS BREAK EASILY , THE TRACKS DO N'T SLIDE TOGETHER WELL . VERY POORLY CONSTRUCTED . I GUESS IF YOU HAVE AN 8 YR OLD WHO IS CAREFUL WITH HIS TOYS , THIS MAY WORK . HOWEVER , THEY WOULD LIKELY BE BORED OF IT AFTER A FEW LAPS .
 I thought this was a great toy for my two grandchildren who are 2-1/2 years old when they visit me . What a big disappointment . The balls never return to me they get stuck near the opening . When you throw them at the openings with the flap they never go through because the balls are to light and the flap stays in place . My granddchildren enjoyed climbing into it and just playing with the balls . I folded it up and returned it .
 The 2 children I care for got excited about this toy for about 5 minutes . For some reason it was lopsided right out of the box . It gets no attention in the playroom except when the toddler I work with wants to sit in it.Have a wonderful day .
 Used to love this brand . Our last dog puzzle had a missing piece , and customer service was great about replacing it . With this one , the picture is tearing from two or three pieces , even on the first use . It is hard -LRB- especially for young ones -RRB- to put together as it requires more pressure than usual . The pieces do not lay flat . The finished project curves inward despite piling on heavy books overnight . I recommend Ravensburger-a bit more pricey but much higher quality . Honestly , our last $ 1.00 puzzle from the discount store was far superior .
 I am glad I did n't pay the full amount for this jigsaw puzzle . I thought that Melissa and Doug were meant to be good quality toys . The main problem is that the pieces do n't fit together easily -LRB- you really have to force them in -RRB- and some of the pieces have not even been cut apart . At least two of them had failed to make it to the cutting machine.I am disappointed with the quality of the puzzle .
 amazon - please identify country or countries of origin of ALL items.This would make it easier for Americans to shop wisely for themselves and their families and children
 I do n't get all the good reviews for this . The spoon is so flat it would take a month to eat a bowl of soup ... and most of it would end up on the floor . If all you want is an OK fork , then get this ... but if you care about a spoon , set the bar really , really , really low .
 This would be a great toy if the train track was n't set up right in front of the station . Our 18 month old loves to play with all the cool features on the station but has to sit on the track to reach it . Wish there was a way to turn off the track . Right now all you hear is a bunch of noises because the track buttons are going off plus what he is pushing on the station.Caution with older kids that can not reach the station they may break the train track by sitting on it or walking on it to get to the station .
 I agree with many reviews that this toy is poorly designed . Both my kids 2.5 and 1 sit on the railroad track to push the buttons on top and cause a variety of letters and songs to go off w/o any purpose . My 2.5 year old loves to play with animals seperately but does n't touch the toy otherwise . I would not buy this !
 My two children were never interested in this toy despite being train lovers . It 's cute and durable , but they never got it . They would play with the figures independently . It 's big and bulky . It hit the garage sale the next time around .
 For some reason I thought that the train was motorized and would travel around the track but unfortunately , that is not the case . The child needs to push it by hand . While doing this , music will start to play and then some of the ABC buttons on the track will go off arbitrarily . It 's rather confusing and not very rewarding . The track is not well designed as the child needs to lean over or sit on the track to reach the buttons . I bought this hoping to reinforce alphabet learning but this toy does not deliver . The only way to hear the letters is to press the buttons on the track but the stickers are not very interesting and so get ignored . It seems the most functional part of the toy is identifying the animals yet the animals are rather abstract looking . This toy is very disappointing and not very educational .
 My 17 month old received this toy as a Christmas gift.He was eager to play , but unfortunately , the toy is designed so that in order to play with the train station , the toddler must sit on and/or kick the train tracks . The toy 's babble resulting from the toddler inadvertently activating the alphabet train track is annoying at best . At worst it prevents the toddler from realizing and enjoying the features he is actually activating.Another design flaw is in the folding action of the toy . I imagine they were going for better storage ability , but the train station can easily tip forward onto the toddler as he is trying to play . Not much fun.The animals resemblance to the creatures they are meant to represent may be a little too abstract -LRB- our toddler could not recognize any of them and he 's an animal nut -RRB- . I do not recommend this toy .
 I thought great , a little train toy for my daughter . I was surprised to learn it does n't move . My daughter is almost 3 and really does n't have too much interest in it . MY younger daughter 11 months does n't either . I would say it you buy it , do n't spend much money on it .
 a small child ca n't easily put the animals in their slot without simultaneously stepping on the talking letters resulting in noisy mayhem . and one of the animal slots is n't easy to reach even for the little hands . this toy would better split up or side by side or for kids with long arms !
 The concept of the learning tool looked good , however it was defective and after being opened by our grand daughter at Christmas -LRB- the box torn etc. -RRB- sending it back became a problem .
 I bought one of these for each of my children -LRB- 7 and 4 -RRB- for Christmas and we were disappointed that this did not come as advertised . The description says it comes with 24 oil pastels and 20 crayons ... Well , it came with 24 crayons labeled as oil pastels and NO oil pastels . My daughter was specifically looking for oil pastels and was very disappointed when the `` Oil Pastels '' just turned out to be crayons . Instead of the oil pastels advertised there were water colors in one side . I had to go to an art store the day after Christmas and purchase what was supposed to be in this set to begin with .
 I bought this for my 5 year old daughter and we tried to take very good care of it . Within a few days of careful use , one of the latches bent , a hinge broke off and a piece of the edge came unglued . It is a great idea , but needs better construction . On a positive note , my daughter loved it and would have spent hours drawing and creating with the tools inside if I let her . However , I had to take the box away so further damage does not occur before I can fix it . The drawers work fine . The problem is with the two doors on top that flip out . Note about drawers ; Little plastic door knobs pop out . Need to be glued in .
 Our son received this as a gift , and we sent it back . The box is made of inferior wood , and very poorly constructed . Not really `` constructed '' at all - rather just glued together , and not well , at that . Two of the corners were coming apart.Also , the lid opens in two parts . The drawback
 My son got multiple Hot Wheels sets for his birthday . 3 out of 5 of them were defective . This one was the worst of them all .1 . -RRB- The Batmobile body is set on TOP of a regular slot car frame and it is too wide . It 's prone to getting stuck on the turns if your guard rails are not set just right .2 . -RRB- The Batmobile wheels kept sticking to the body and causing it to stop . The rear wheels would turn fine , but the body appeared to squeeze against the front wheels and not let it move normally .3 . -RRB- One of the two slot lanes had numerous dead spots in it , even after cleaning them . We tested the police car -LRB- the one car that actually ran normally -RRB- on both tracks . So , not only was the Batmobile , itself , defective , ... but the track was too . UGH !! Overall , this was a sad birthday . Not only was my son upset that his Hot Wheels toys would n't work as advertised , but I was truly upset to see a classic brand of my childhood being turned into utter garbage.Shame on MATTEL !! They did n't even respond , when I sent them a letter regarding these products .
 The Mattel version was a joke . I purchased it locally , then returned it . The young man working at the Customer Service area told me about the Batman Begins Scalextric slot cars ! IT BLOWS THE OLD AFX/MATTEL slots out of the water ! Look into it .
 We paid $ 49.99 for this - a Santa gift for our 5-year-old . My husband grew up with Hot Wheels and he was excited to get this.This toy worked on Christmas Day , but has n't worked consistantly since then . My husband is mechanically inclined and he ca n't get it to work.The Batmobile is poorly designed to fit the track . The chargers on pieces of the track do n't work properly . Even when it did work on Christmas , if you made the cars runs at their fastest speed , they flew off the track.Poorly designed and highly overpriced . I 'm going to contact Mattel - TRU wo n't take it back because we no longer have a box.Don ' t waste your time on this piece of junk !
 I love Melissa & Doug floor puzzles ! This puzzle is not so great though . It 's way too busy and does not go together well . It also had pieces that were not cut .
 Had to press very hard to get the pieces to fit together . Entire puzzle was a bit warped when complete . Most of our puzzles come from the thrift store for thirty or forty cents , so a brand new puzzle should have been a big treat , but this one was just disappointing , especially for my five-year-old . At the same price point , I will stick to Ravensburger puzzles which are thicker and go together beautifully .
 Ordered 13 sets of -LRB- 12 -RRB- as advertised ... received 13 individual pens . The advertisment said on sale for $ 5.46 -LRB- originally $ 34.99 84 % off -RRB- How could they be $ 34.99 each for a paint stick .
 We were so disappointed when we received this item , which was to be a Santa present for my two year old grandchildren . The center arrived with a side missing the groove to support the base , which meant we could not assemble it . We had to take it to a carpenter who had a special saw which could cut the groove.Not something which could easily be done one day before Christmas . And no-one has responded to my report of this manufacturing error . I guess no-one will acknowledge this comment either.Shirley
 I purchased this product for my daughter 's 4th birthday . After one day one of the wheels fell off . My husband reattached it and everytime we have ever moved it the wheel falls off . Now the wheel wo n't even stay on at all so the easel is lopsided and unusable . The quality does not match the price . Get a $ 20 easel and save your money .
 Just recieved this Art Cart and when I was sorting the parts discovered minor damage to one of the wheels ... no big deal . Then as we were putting it together we discovered that the wheel support had NO groove for the bottom shelf to slide into . Called Alextoys directly and they are out for inventory control until Jan. . GREAT CART , But absolutely WORTHLESS if you ca n't put it together without MAJOR modifications!Now I 'm rushing out to find another gift ! shheeesh !
 Well , besides being very low -LRB- not sure how this was meant for kids 7-9 years old - my daughter is 5 and its already up to her chin -RRB- , it also does n't go thru the door frame ! Whats the point of the wheels if you ca n't wheel it out of a room ?? Very disappointed , especially for the price I paid ...
 This toy is really poorly made . The edges are rough and splinters come off of it . I am returning it right away . This toy could harm a small child . I would recommend buying a KidCo brand sorter . They are much better finished .
 Recieved as a Christmas gift - mid February the shape sorter stopped working . - that was over half the educational value in it . they can still sort the shapes but it does n't say anything . Wonder how long before the rest malfunctions . V-tech offered to replace it if I ship it to them - would cost $ 15 to do so . Junk
 I am surprised there are not more bad reviews here for this toy!This toy looked like a lot of fun , and since my son loves to mix stuff up , I thought this would be a great toy ! Turns out , that is about all you can do with it is mix . Once you mix up the fuel and pour it in , It is pretty much so a wait and wait and wait kind of thing . What are we waiting for , was the question . The directions were very complicated . It started out with taking an hour to try to get it out of the box , then had to rip the box finally to open it up . Then put a total of 4 AA batterys in . That was the easy part . The directions took up our entire table , so we had to set the toy on the floor and go back and forth from the floor to the table to work on it.Finally after all our hard work , because that is what it was , the motorcycle did n't work at all ! We replaced the batteries 3 times with brand new ones to make sure it was n't the batterys.The lab worked . Oh boy did it ever . It leaked this messy fluid all over the floor . WE ended up having to put a towel folded under it while it was mixing and draining . So , even tho the motorcycle did n't come on , we went ahead and set it up so our little boy would n't be too dissapointed , and what did it do ? It sat there ! It did n't do a thing!This was a waste of money and unless you like a full blown migraine , I would not reccommend this toy to anyone .
 I was skeptical after reading the review that this toy does n't work after its first use and thought that the others just did n't clean it correctly after its first use . However , after cleaning this toy EXACTLY as stated in the directions , the toy failed to work after storage . THIS IS A TERRIBLE TOY .
 What a disappointment ! What a waste of money ! Do not buy this toy , nothing about it worked , we spent an hour trying to get it running -LRB- putting it together , mixing indredients , waiting for something to happen -RRB- to no avail ! The directions were complicated , the mixer was messy and leaky , and the motorcycle did not run , even after a number of battery changes . We are returning this worthless piece of plastic junk . Buyer beware !
 this toy is dumb . my brother got it for his birthday . when we put the fule in and turned it on , nothing happen ! so i got a screwdriver and took it apart to see what was wrong . i ending up breaking it even more . Do n't buy this Toy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 this toy is dumb . my brother got it for his birthday . when we put the fule in and turned it on , nothing happen ! so i got a screwdriver and took it apart to see what was wrong . i ending up breaking it even more . Do n't buy this Toy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My daughter is very much into `` experiments '' ... I can prove that by how many times my wife and I have asked here were the Gold Bond powder is or the shampoo etc. I decided to get this particular kit after researching all available chemistry kits on Amazon.com because of the descriptions of how many experiments you could do with this particular set.My main problem with the set is that it 's cheesy and cheap looking - which does not match the not so cheap and cheesy price.What really irked me though was the fact that 95 % of the experiments in this kit require `` additional household products '' like ammonia , soap , fruit , bread , styrofoam etc. I am sorry , I expected a kit that costs 80 bucks and claims to be able to do 1000 chemical experiments to be self contained and do more than make water turn blue.I was also less than impressed with the number of `` experiments '' in the book that did not even require ONE SINGLE ELEMENT of this kit.It 's not worth the money and I am in the process of trying to return it . I will edit this review based on how easily , or difficult that process is.If there could be a negative rating , I would apply it here .
 When we ordered the Electronic Gadget Lab -LRB- which we love , a five star buy IMO -RRB- , we also ordered the Chem X-1000 to get free shipping . In hindsight , since my daughter is six years old , I 'm not sure it was worth it.If you 're looking for some fun chemistry experiments to play with with a younger child , perhaps this is n't your best choice . The manual is a lengthy black-and-white single-spaced book with experiments not well highlighted . It goes into great detail for several pages about how to perform chemical experiments in general -LRB- which is pretty boring to younger kids -RRB- . If your child ca n't read at a higher level they may become frustrated . I have found it 's better to dig through it myself first and organize what we 'll do ahead of time - something I 'd expect the manufacturer to have done when they wrote the manual . For the price and what was included , I am not terribly impressed .
 This product looks good , but you need to supply so much ingredients to perform experiments it is not worth getting .
 I bought this for my son -LRB- who is only 6 but I demonstrate the chemicals , he does the experiments with mixing foods etc -RRB- . Unfortunately , he has already performed and understands most of the experiments in the book . We were hoping for something containing more options for kids who are experienced in science . Many of the experiments were ones that used household items that you must supply , and we had found the instructions for these experiments for free online months earlier . We essentially bought a book of instructions for things we had already done with a few chemicals -LRB- which were hardly used at all in the book provided -RRB- and a test tube holder that can only hold 3 tubes and some pipettes . The scale included is cheaply made -LRB- expected for the price , but still -RRB- . The one part I feel was most educational was the molecule builder -LRB- tiny puzzle pieces to demonstrate the combinations of elements -RRB- . I really wish I had just bought individual chemicals and test tubes . We will be using the items in this set in some of our own experiments , but mostly to use them up while we wait to get a good set . The first time we used the conductivity tester we discovered that it pops open and the batteries fall out , wrapping with electrical tape helped.I recommend spending the extra $ 10 - $ 20 for a much better set .
 My son lost interest in this very quickly after he got it . Seemed like a lot of work to get it all set up and the experiments were n't fun enough to hold his interest .
 I was under the impression that I was purchasing multiple balls . Only now have they changed the product description to state that it 's only one ball . For the quality of the ball , the product is overpriced . Go to your local store and find a nerf ball instead .
 I definitely would not recommend buying this ball -LRB- yes there is only one ball that you do n't get to choose the color of -RRB- . It is a cheap foam ball that costs much more than it is worth as it is just squishy foam with a thin rubberized layer over the top . So it is not durable , not water proof , and over priced . I would highly recommend purchasing something else .
 FYI Before anyone else purchases . This ball does not bounce . It is made of foam and not good for a 17 month old . We needed a ball that bounced this size for the park . Seller needs to add this info to describtion .
 We received this as a gift and it 's just not a good product . The suggested age is 3-6 years and it 's clearly not appropriate for this age group . The paint included is permanent -LRB- non-washable -RRB- . The suggested crafts were extremely difficult or downright impossible for children . We are a family that welcomes messy and creative activities , but this was just horrible .
 I purchased this dance mat for my one year old son who is a huge JoJo fan . He has The Wiggles dance mat and just loves it . When he steps on The Wiggle dance mat , it actually plays The Wiggles songs . I rate this product only one star because it really is n't a dance mat . It does n't play a single JoJo tune-just some brief instrumental generic children 's songs . My son loves to hear JoJo music and since it does n't play any , he had no interest in it ! They should call it a game mat since that is what it mostly is . I returned it to Amazon !
 My daughter liked this toy , but when we thought she had gone through a set of batteries it turned out it just was n't working anymore . It 's possible she 's responsible for the malfunction but I ca n't find any signs of spills or things of that nature .
 The pictures of the product are great but its easy to miss in the overall discription that it is a kit ... so many parts ... no glue ... so much work !!
 Do n't be fooled by the photo presented here . The model comes unpainted ; paints are not included . While the product description reads that the product requires assembly , the assembly process itself is difficult
 Do n't be deceived by the high price of this volleyball . It is NOT a real AVP ball . The real one 's have a gold label and are made out of leather . This is a synthetic ball that will last a lot longer than a leather one for two reasons : A
 This dollhead 's hair was falling out the minute we untaped her from the box - do n't waste your time with this chincy toy .
 1 . This styling head is TINY !!!! Either I missed this in the description of it was n't there . My guess is the latter . It is much smaller than any other head I have seen , which makes it hard to work with the hair because it is not very stable .2 . The hair extensions do not change color with water ... hot or cold . The only way we can get it to change color is with a hairdryer ... obviously not something I am going to let a 5 year do by herself .3 . Hair falls out in clumps when you comb it . At the rate we are going she will be completely bald after the 3rd time we play with it.Overall , I would give this an `` F '' . . spend the extra money and get one that is normal sized !!!!!
 My nine month old son almost died chocking on a piece of wood that broke off the turtle 's leg while he was playing with it . The toy appears to be made from a solid piece of wood , but it is actually made out of glued wood pieces that easily chips off in form of sharp wood splinters .
 This toy is simply awful . It only value as a toy is Rodimus Prime 's character was the Autobots leader in the TV Series . Many people blamed his character lack of a personality for the end to the series . I blamed his generic toy-figure the end to the G1-Transformers . Hot Rod was cool because he transform into a futuristic sport car . Rodimus Prime the `` great leader '' transforms into a RV trailer , not cool . I bought the Takara 's version and it had most of the toy covered up , when I opened it up it was so generic compared to earlier Transformers ' products . In RV trailer mode he looks OK or 4 out of 10 . In robot mode he is a 2 out of 10 , it is that bad . Rodimus Prime transforms similar to but simpler to Optimus Prime . The trailer part becomes a battle station , while the front-part becomes the figure . Rodimus is made mostly out of hard plastic and has very few interesting details . He stand taller then the toy-figure version of Optimus Prime . What I can say is Rodimus Prime 's robot mode is the most humanistic of the Transformers I have seen . He is n't fun to transform either , just too boring after awhile.You got to physically see how bad this is in your hand to notice you just/would waste -LRB- d -RRB- some money . As a collector toy , Rodimus is predecessor to Optimus Prime and that is a must have .
 Nothing but GARBAGE bad in robot mode very little in the way of movment not exactly the most exciting sucessor to Optimous Prime and Ultra Magnus in the tv show and the toy is even worse this thing is tiny compared to them and does very little.SHUOLDNT BELONG TO THE CLUB OF AUTOBOT LEADERS OR THE TOY WORLDThe one I feel most sorry for is Hotrod he looked cool as a car he looked pathetic as a van.Ok enough of that just pease people save your money there are plenty more of the G1 transformers being released get something good .
 I bought Rodimus Prime back in 1987 and I was disappointed . Although he looks OK with flames and bright colours , he is too small compared to G1 Galvatron . How is he supposed to fight a super-powered maniac when he is less than half the size ? Furthermore , his articulation is limited to swinging his arms at the shoulders and nodding his head . His trailer is like Optimus 's trailer after it 's been chopped up and rebuilt smaller . Sure , there are some big guns inside but they do n't seem that special . There are some shields on the sides of the trailer guns , which only look strong enough to stop a low-powered medical laser . Rodimus also carries a long rifle , which is like his old Hot Rod guns but stretched . I think that , overall , he is not a worth successor to the Optimus Prime toy or even the brick-like Ultra Magnus toy . I 'm very reluctant to buy the reissue , even if it has metal feet !
 My 6 year old really wanted this for Christmas . We did n't know that the G1 's are Generation One . That means they are the very first original transformers . Great for a collector , but not for kids . The G1 's do n't even come close to measuring up to the new transformers . They are very generic & you even have to put the decals on them.Very overpriced & NOT for kids !
 I purchased this for my son to give my daughter for her 3rd birthday . I was very happy to read that it was a nice size , great value price . I assumed it WOULD be a good size because the item description says it weighs 3 pounds . To my extreme disappointment when I opened the box , this Gary weighs MAYBE 3 ounces ! Although my daughter loves it , I was very upset . Almost heartbroken that it was so much smaller than described . I feel cheated !
 I bought this because my 5 year-old loves Spongebob . Gary is soooooooo small and he just sits there . I do not rec this toy . If it were $ 1 I would say buy it . But all your child will do is just throw this in the corner and let it collect dust .
 this produc which was put in a freshwater tank peeled and emitted toxic material that kills aquarium fish . made in china without any standards
 Electronic Guesstures suffers from some of the same problems as other electronic versions of party and board games -- that is that it 's completely unforgiving of accidental button presses and it is impossible to fix errors or make minor adjustments to the score . For instance , if someone accidentally broke a rule while acting out a word , you ca n't just take off one point , you have to challenge that entire round . This is a minor quibble , though , and does n't make electronic games any less playable than non-electronic versions . Electronic versions have some advantages , such as keeping track of score for you so there 's no worry about losing track . There 's no real setup or cleanup with electronic versions , either . Electronic versus cards/mechanisms is just a matter of preference.However , Electronic Guesstures is n't just an electronic version of an old game ; the rules have been significantly changed . The real problem with this game is that they 've taken away the original Guesstures ' rule where you choose in what order to attempt the words . This not only added a fun strategic element but helped reduce the frustration of more difficult words preventing you from getting points from other words you might have guessed . To make up for this loss , Electronic Guesstures replaces it with the rule where you have to risk all your points gained that round if you want to attempt another word.This does n't sound too bad on paper , and in fact it sounds a bit fun . But in practice , this is a source of nothing but frustration . Many rounds we would guess two words in 10 seconds , leaving 20 more seconds to continue guessing . It seems a no-brainer that you should just attempt another word at that point . The problem is that all too frequently that next word would be something just impossible to act out and guess . This means that you would spend 20 seconds in utter frustration knowing you 're about to lose all your points . By the time your turn comes around again , you figure you 'll just attempt a couple words and then walk away . Well , then you get an impossible word for your SECOND word , and again no points . So , your next round you decide to walk away after your first word , and you do , leaving 25 seconds of awkward silence listening to the electronic ticking sounds.So , those are your two choices presented to you by Electronic Guesstures
 The kids got it for Christmas , and it looked like fun . However , the one we got does n't work at all . I 'm not sure if we just got a bad one or if this problem is common , but I ca n't even get it to turn on without changing the batteries , and then I ca n't get it to go into the game mode . Plus , the rules of the electronic version are different , in that you lose all your points if you keep acting out words . I prefer the rules of the old version better . I 'm planning to return this and get the old version .
 First , let me say I am a huge fan of the original Guesstures . Game play was fast , frenzied , and just a lot of fun . I thought it was a good idea to make an electronic version of the game , so I went ahead and purchased this.The concept is still the same - it 's really a fast paced version of Charades.Game play is fairly simple . A word shows up on the screen and you must act it out . If your team is able to guess the word , you push the button and score a point for your team . Push the button again , and another word will show up . Act this word out and try to get your team to guess the word . This continues until time runs out , and the goal is to act out as many words as you can in 30 seconds.The timer is built in and the game keeps score automatically . There 's even an option to contest points if you believe the opposing team was cheating . These are all good things.The key difference between the electronic and original version is how it handles the `` final word . '' In the old version of the game , if you could n't act out the last few words , you just miss out on those points . There was no penalty . In this version , your team must guess the final word and you must hit the `` completed '' button before the timer runs out . If you are in the middle of acting out a word before the timer runs out , you gain ZERO points for that turn . So even if you successfully act out two other words , if the timer runs out in the middle of your third word , you get no points.The problem with this method is that after your team guesses a word , you must decide if you want the next word to show up or if you want to stop playing and just let the timer run out . Words are of varying difficulty so it 's a fairly big gamble to keep going . What ends up happening is people will act out one or two words very quickly and still have about 15 seconds left on the clock . Because of the fear that a difficult word will show up and that all points for the round will be lost , people choose to just stop acting . This leads to about 10-15 seconds of dead time where people wait for the timer to run out . The dead time is annoying because no one is doing anything and the timer just keeps clicking away.If you can find the original version of the game , I recommend purchasing that . If you ca n't find it , this version will be fine . Just be prepared for a bit of frustration or dead time . ------ Update Feb 2010
 I was surprised to see a new version of this game . I bought this game so that we could play it on Thanksgiving day . The words on this new version seem harder than what I remember on the old version . Also , I just do not like the electronic timer . I am returning my new game , and I plan to buy the old version .
 This used to be one of my favorite party games . Then , someone had the not-so-brilliant idea of making it electronic . First of all , it did n't work . You could hit the bar multiple times and get no score at all . The loud buzzers and ticking was extremely annoying . If I can find an original version of this game , I will buy it , and I would recommend that original game to anyone , but this game ? A piece of junk !
 The concept is the same as the original but the quality is awful . First , it does n't fit into the box when you put together , so you must disassemble it every time you play . The game falls apart sometimes when playing and the balls dent easily . The balls call fit through the opening on the side so you can not leave the game assembled . My kids really enjoy playing it until the frustration of continually putting it back together kills the fun . What a shame ! A non electronic game that the kids find fun , has to made so poorly .
 After reading other reviews I was prepared to have to tape this up to keep it together after playing . But , there is obvioulsy no consistency in this product , because others are able to play it long enough to have it fall apart.We ca n't even do that much.In fact , this succeeds so well at NOT working , that I ca n't even fathom it being tested by ANYONE before being boxed up and shipped out.No matter who tries ... the three year old or my husband ... no one can get the balls to launch at all . If we can get them an inch off the base it is an acheivement.Hit it soft ... nuttin.Hit it hard ... nuttin.Hit is SUPER hard to the point you are sure you are going to break it and your hand ... maybe it will pop up a bit.No child can do this.Really pathetic .
 I do n't write reviews , but this toy is so bad I just had to warn all others . We could not get one ball through the hole ... yes ... the chinese can screw up a simple piece of plastic . The ball shoots straight up in the air with no hope of ever going through the holes.What a waste of energy to produce and ship across the ocean
 We bought this for my daughters for Christmas based on my own childhood memories . Could n't get one ball through the holes after way too much smashing . Holes are either too high or the paddles are angled incorrectly . The only thing they did in making this overseas is ruin a once fun toy . Sorry Fundex ! Try harder a little harder to get the design closer to the original - this gets a Fundex score of zero .
 We bought this toy for our 5 , 4 and 3 year old girls . I would not recommend this toy.They played for 30 minutes and could NOT get 1 ball through one of the holes . I tried it myself and got 1 ball through in about 15 minutes . In my opinion , the holes are cut too high and all of the balls hit below the hole and never go through . The way the game works is you press -LRB- or rather slam -RRB- the yellow paddles down . The ball goes straight up , hits the slanted plastic top and rebounds -LRB- hopefully -RRB- through the yellow hole to the other side . I would not buy this product .
 I remember this toy from my youth and ordered it for my kids . I do n't recall the toy that I played with being so flimsy . I would not buy it again and would n't recommend it unless you wanted to put the top back on after every round of play . It 's a fun killer .
 You have to absolutly smash the buttons as hard as you can to get the balls through the holes . Complete junk . Do n't even consider this one .
 My boys -LRB- ages 4 and 5 1/2 got this for Christmas last year . It really is a lot of fun , but the game constantly falls apart with regular play . It ended up being thrown out this spring as the balls were dented and lost and we could n't deal with snapping it together anymore . Not worth the cost unfortunately .
 Remembering Gnip Gnop from my childhood , I bought one for my kids this year . The game play is the same , but the game is smaller and the constuction quality is completely insufficient for a game that has kids pounding paddles as quickly as they can.The game falls apart regularly . When it does , the balls can escape the play-field , so of course they get lost . This is a fundamental design problem , not something specific to my copy . I would try gluing the whole thing together , but with the pounding the game takes , I doubt the glue would hold.Avoid this product , or buy with the knowledge that it has a usable lifespan measured in weeks .
 The toy was ok but not durable at all , when my daughter first opened it the articles were not firm enough to be worn by her .
 My daughter , a huge princess fan , got this when she turned 4 . She loved the jewelry . Unfortunately , she did n't want to play the game . We tried it once and she was so bored , we could n't finish it . In fact , the playing pieces got lost pretty quickly , but we do have the jewelry and she loves playing dress-up in them . The game is just not for every princess , but all the kids seem to like the jewelry .
 I bought 3 ! Ok , yeah they are fun till they break . The rotor 's broke , so instructed me to use TAPE if this should happen . Still messed up !! I tried to find replacement rotors ... . Oh yeah , I got em all right , but the rotors were set OPPOSITE than the original rotors for the helicopter . So instead of flying UP , it goes nowhere !! I still have not been able to find the CORRECT rotors !! I am open to any suggestions if you can find them !
 Well I too am disappointed in this purchase . I bought this for my son 's 4th Birthday and I have been putting it together ever since ! The pieces fall off , nothing stays where it should . I understand the concept of building and rebuilding but it should be because you want to not because it keeps falling apart . I am seriously thinking of super gluing all if the pieces together -LRB- except the pirates -RRB- . I ca n't believe that Fisher Price would make something so flimsy that you ca n't play with it .
 My 5 year old BEGGED for this toy for Christmas . He has only played with it maybe 3 times in 4 months . It comes apart too easily and my 5 year old ca n't put it back together himself .
 This item is horrible . It falls apart constantly . We tried hot gluing and superglue , however , NOTHING works . Even our 4-1/2 YR son has told us to throw this out he is so frustrated.Part of appeal was you can take Imaginext items & reconfigure them , great concept . However , no matter how you configure them , they ALL fall apart.During assembly notice they do not `` click '' as you would expect . Pieces never lock together , even with the bottom `` base '' pieces.We resorted to putting all the Imaginext on a table for him to play , however , flat surface , bumpy surface , any surface , it falls apart . -LRB- ... -RRB- When a 4-1/2 YR wants you to throw out his toys , somethings wrong !
 My three-year-old boy loves pirates , so I was thrilled to get him this ship . Unfortunately , the ship took me a while to assemble , and comes apart instantly . The three pieces of the boat separate constantly , the rigging and railing pops right off , and the masts regularly fall over . There are a lot of small pieces , which are OK for him , but could be a problem for other young children . He still likes the boat , but playing with it requires a fair amount of adult assistance as it is constantly falling apart . I personally would n't even purchase it for an older child , but maybe you would be OK in the over seven-age group .
 I can remember when Fisher-Price toys were a whole lot friendlier ... all the characters have weapons and `` fierce '' expressions . A friend of mine bought this for her three yr old daughter because she saw the box and begged , then after it was opened , the girl refused to play with the `` mean people '' . The concept is good , but why does it have to be so violently oriented ?
 my son got the pirate ship for a gift and he is 4 years old . he got so frustrated with it because all of the pieces kept folling off . the mast would n't stay up for anything ! and the nets to the mast would not fit . I do n't know what fisherprice is thinking with this toy line but this one was horrible .
 My son received the Imaginext ship for his 4th birthday . He 's a dextrous little guy , but this ship does not stay together despite help from an adult . The ship and accessory components are packaged in sections and must be assembled . Much of the assembly was easy enough for a child to do but , the toy was n't fun because the sections of ship so not stay together when playing with the `` finished '' item . The masts fall off , and the main peices of the ship separate when you do n't want them to . My son was so discouraged he asked if we could return it for a toy that `` works right '' . We bought Black Beard 's Pirate Ship by Play Mobil and my son is very happy with that toy . He needed more adult help with the assembly , but it stayed together once it was assembled and now he 's having lots of fun playing with it .
 Perhaps there is a trick to this game that I am missing , but so far I have found it immensely frustrating . The concept is that you either play as a Monopolist or a Competitor . It is very difficult to win when playing as a competitor , because the rents you charge are much lower , although you pay the same amount as the monopolist for everything . For example , the railroads cost $ 200 , both of you have to pay that amount . The competitor charges $ 20 rent . If the competitor owns all four railroads , he still only charges $ 20 rent . However , if the monopolist buys all four railroads , he charges $ 320 rent . Considering you only receive $ 100 for passing Go , landing on a railroad could bankrupt you if you are the competitor.As far as property is concerned , you both still pay the same to own a property , and you pay the same amount for houses and hotels . However , the competitor charges much less rent . For a property with three houses , a competitor may charge $ 25 , while a monopolist will charge $ 50 . As a competitor , you never make back as much money as you spend.The first four or five times we played this game , the monopolist easily won . The last time we played it , the competitor managed to survive , and the game was `` balanced '' . Then all we did was exchange money back and forth -- competitor lands on my property , he pays me . I land on his , I pay him . There was no real way to win the game at that point . The game went on for at least two hours , and I have never been so bored playing a game in my life . We thought if we kept playing the game , we would get better at it and it would become more enjoyable . I think the most enjoyable part of this game would be watching it burn .
 If you are a person that likes the original Monopoly , pass on this game . This has to be the most boring , frustrating thing I have done since I played hide and go seek with a blind guy . Dude sucked at that game . If there is excitement to be had here I must have missed it.How it works : In Anti-monopoly , the players are split into 2 different factions . The Monopolists , which I will , from this point further , refer to as the winners , and the Competitors , or losers . Everyone starts with the same amount of money and can spend the money on houses or `` apartments '' -LRB- aka hotels -RRB- . I played the banker and about the time I finished counting and distributing the money the fun ended.Losers do n't have to wait until all of that color property is owned to start building houses . All they need is 1 property and they can start building . But the downside is that no matter how many houses are on a property , the losers only charge a flat amount for rent . Whereas the winners can charge crazy amounts for having houses on a property but the winners ca n't buy houses until the majority of property of that color is owned . If this sounds confusing , its because it is.Players run out of money way to freaking fast in this game . After about 15 minutes most of us had less than $ 100 left of the starting $ 1500 . Need more money ? No worries just pawn your properties to the bank at 0 % interest ! That is the best deal ever . Its like a payday loan but without the hassle of getting your legs broken when you fail to pay the interest . Another sure fire way to get more money , get randomly selected at the beginning of the game to be a Monopolist.How to win : Play as a Monopolist.Verdict : Take my word for it , avoid this game . It reminds me of that bag of fake knockoff cereal you get in the grocery store . You know , the fake Trix called Fruity Shapes or something . If you 've ever had those you know something is n't quite right but you just ca n't place your finger on it . Maybe the cardboard has some chemical reaction with the toxis plastic that gives the cereal some different taste . I dunno , anyway ... As I was saying avoid this game unless you like boring things . If you do , go watch LifeTime.@Mike_Fielden[ ... -RSB-
 Unfortunately , this entire game is based upon a false premise and thus teaches an erroneous lesson . The game itself is a market . And a given market breaks down into one of 3 categories
 I bought this game for my brother as a Christmas present because I thought it sounded intriguing . It turned out to be the worst Christmas present ever . My brother hated it so much he started screaming and throwing the game pieces across the room . If you 're looking to buy a board game please , please , please , please , please , please do n't pick this one.The point of the game is that you can choose to be a competitor or a monopolist , and there are different rules for each . Unlike with the other reviewers , to us the game seemed rigged against the monopolists . But whether it 's rigged against the monopolists or the competitors , who wants to play a game that 's rigged ?
 This game is really just not fun . Unless you really embrace the roles you are given in the instructions , money grubbing jerk for monopolists valiant defender of the free market for the competitors , I do n't really see how you can enjoy yourself . My wife and I were both very excited to give it a try , but that hope decreased rapidly as we read through the instructions and ran out before we made it around the board even one time .
 My son was excited to get this game for Christmas , but after playing it one time was disappointed . Not worth the cost of the game .
 I wish it were possible to give ZERO stars.My wife gave this gift to our sons for Christmas . It looked fun , and we had a good time playing it for a while , but then it became clear that there are simply not enough pipe pieces for any player to actually win the game.Save your money ... or find something else
 I have a 4 year old and a 7 year old . The 7 year old will have nothing to do with this game , and while the 4 year old loves to play the game it is almost impossible to win -LRB- not that he seems to care -RRB- . The pieces also seem like they are likely to break given that they are difficult to get in and out . Definitely not enough pieces to get really creative and/or win .
 I bought this gift for my niece for her 2nd birthday because both of my daughters have one . However , I wanted a doll that had both vinyl head and hands . The wording of the description on amazon clearly suggests the doll had both vinyl head and hands . I even read it out loud to my mom . Well the doll has fabric hands . So if that does not bother you it is a great doll . I am just irritated because had I known this doll had fabric hands I would have chosen a different one .
 I bought two of these - one for my 3 1/2 year old daughter and one for her four year old cousin - for Christmas . The cousin opened hers and said , `` Okayyyy ... '' like , what 's this supposed to be?My daughter liked that hers smelled like grapes but that novelty wore off in about a second . True , you can brush her hair but the head is already `` made up '' with glitter paint so it 's not really a make-up toy . It comes with a pot of lip gloss that is transparent on the enclosed applicator so really only adds a shine when put on the already done up doll face.The little compartment on the front and the bottle caps that open just reveal pictures . Once you 've looked at those , that 's pretty much it.One week after Christmas and this toy is sitting on a table unnoticed . Does n't provide enough interactivity . If your little girl really wants to make over a doll and see the difference she can make in the doll 's appearance , this is not the one . Keep searching .
 I got the juice box for my son for x-mas I wish I woukd n't have got it . it comes with nothing and you ca n't find the video 's for it.he really did n't care for it . The MP-3 player is the reason we got it but the thing is theres not enough space to record a hole song , and what I went though to find a down load spot made it all even crazyer . I would never tell any one to buy this toy . they should have thought it out better .
 Jumping Base really is n't that good . If you know how to build it it is okay , but the screws on the bottom are hard to put on , and if you flip the little plastic part over the bottom you can put the screws in but have no room to put the spring . Even if you cant put the spring on it 's a pretty good blade . My friends and I were playing Beyblades at school and Jumping Base -LRB- without the spring on -RRB- smashed my other friend 's combination Beyblade and hit it so hard that it hit my ither friend 's stomach . If you ca n't figure how to get it together if you get it and you want the spring on , either deal with it or take it back . I hope this review was helpful and remember
 I was biking across Third Avenue on 49th street in Manhattan when I spotted Ken Jennings on the North-West corner of the street . I recognized him immistakeably and was inclined to yell `` Ken ! '' at him as I raced by . At first he did n't turn but when I was fifteen feet past him he turned and looked and gave me a sort of sheepish look , like `` yes , it 's me alright . '' It 'll go down as one of my favorite celebrity sightings even though I recently lost all respect for him when I played this new board game called `` Can You Beat Ken ? '' not licenced by Jeopardy . It plays roughly like Trivial Persuit but the questions are so poorly written it seems like the question writers just copied a bunch of text off Wikipedia and added some question marks here and there . Luckily it came with some miniature Ken Jennings-shaped playing pieces which I promptly desecrated with a permenant marker when the game became too frustrating to play .
 1s across the board ! You know why ? Cause Ken is just a 15 minutes of fame loser like the people on reality shows . I could win 10 times on Jeopardy! and then could I have a board game ? Could I have a commercial ? No , cuz I did n't cheat.LOCAL CRAZY MONKEY
 We got this toy as a gift . It 's okay . On car trips and long waiting periods , it holds the attention for a very brief period . I think it 's better for a shorter wait period , like the doctor 's office.My main issue with it is that it just misses the boat on just about every front . The little Thomas needs pretty good fine motor skills to wind it independantly for a child , and by the time they have these , the kids are really too old for the toy . While it 's pretty sturdy , there are smallish parts that can easily get lost that will make the toy unusable . If you are using something for travel , you do n't want losable small parts.For the age group this is for , you are better off getting them a new train for the cost and giving them a pad of paper to draw a line on -LRB- a track -RRB- and let them do that for awhile for travel . It will give you more independance and work much better .
 I had purchased one for my son 's 2nd b-day , and it broke after just 2 hours of winding it , and I as the one one who was winding it . This upset my son who cried and cried `` Turn it , please . '' Thinking it was just defective I bought another one -LRB- at another store -RRB- , and the same thing happened ... . Then my mother-in-law bought him another one -LRB- At yet another store -RRB- and we had the same issue . We still have the last one that was purchased , but our son still asks us to `` turn it , please '' . . the next chance I get - this toy is going to the trash ... It 's a watse of money - do not buy this toy .
 I first saw this toy , along with the Cobra Night Adder , on TV and thought that these look like two of the better vehicles Hasbro has made in a while . However , when I received them , I was disapointed . The Tiger Hawk has a tail section that rotates when you push a button . This is susposed to make the plane do a `` barrel roll '' . Instead of just making the toy with out this feature , Hasbro instead -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- ruined the toy . I have collected GI JOE toys since they first came out . I love the real looking vehicles and planes . But these `` extra '' features ruin an other wise excellent toy . Hopefully Hasbro in the future will do away with these `` triggers '' and `` handles '' and allow the collector to enjoy the toy . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 My 3 year old received this as a birthday present . Daddy had to set it up and it was fun for a couple of minutes , but then a big disappointment from then on . The plastic track does n't work with the traditional Thomas wooden tracks and is definitely not easy for a 3 year old to assemble . Although normal Thomas trains fit , they get caught on the triggers for the timber yard and do n't go around smoothly and are n't really made to run on this set . The trains are n't normal Thomas trains , but some custom battery powered plastic trains that simply look like Thomas ... no familiar magnets to mix and match with the rest of the trains my son has . Instead the platic couplings for the cars are very hard to use . You ca n't do anything to change the configuration of this set ... it goes together one and only one way . Bottom line - Skip this one and add some new cars or regular wooden track from the traditional Thomas collection .
 The size is good . The quality is good and the information is interesting but the world map is broken into very unusual shapes . Not typical of a jig saw puzzle . Additionally the pieces of the puzzle do n't really lock into each other . Most of the pieces just lay next to each other . It is difficult for a kid to be able to maintain it while he works on other pieces . In order to make it more intuitive and interesting , there should be clues in the puzzle such as complementing shapes or shapes and colors broken in two shapes . That hardly happens . My son tried it for a bit but got boar within 15 minutes . designed for adults . Not for kids .
 Some continents -LRB- Europe , Asia , and Australia -RRB- are deliniated incorrectly . I would not want my kids to be misinformed about basic geographic concepts .
 We own a billion other Melissa & Doug products and have been very satisfied , except for this one . My daughter LOVES puzzles and our globe at home so this seemed to be a good fit . The HUGE problem with this puzzle is that it was cut VERY strangely . It is even difficult for me to keep the puzzle together . I would not recommend this product for that reason .
 I generally love Melissa and Doug products , but this puzzle is absolutely awful . The pieces simply do n't fit together well and my five year old got extremely frustrated -LRB- and so did I ! -RRB- . There are much better puzzles out there compared to this one .
 My 4 year old loves jigsaw puzzles . She can figure out any jigsaw puzzle of less than 50 pieces in about 30 mins . She gave up on this one in 5 minutes because its not a jigsaw puzzle at all - just some oddly shaped pieces which do not lock in place and slip and slide as she looks for other pieces that go into the picture . And its a floor puzzle so as she 's looking for other pieces , the puzzle does get nudged around.SUCH a pointless toy . No child would ever complete this unless they have monumental patience to keep putting the pieces together and having them move around . What was Melissa and Doug thinking ?
 The inside pieces of this puzzle are very difficult to put together because of their shape , even if you know geography . My son is not interested in this puzzle at all , and he loves the USA map puzzle and the solar system puzzle . Instead of this puzzle , I recommend The Learning Journey Map of the World puzzle.The Learning Journey Puzzle Doubles Puzzle & Poster Series Map of the World Floor Puzzle
 This is less a puzzle than a picture split up that you need to place together . What I mean is that the pieces do n't `` fit '' together , you just sort of line them up . So if you brush against the puzzle while you do it -LRB- this is for KIDS remember , so they are always bumping it -RRB- it just comes apart . The sides of the pieces are smooth and flat , with no traditional puzzle interlocking shapes . It 's highly disappointing . I have other Melissa and Doug puzzles for kids of the same ages and they are great . I do n't know what happened with this one . Do n't bother with it . Too frustrating for little kids !
 This is not worth the money ! Spongebob is so top heavy that he does n't stand up on his own ! I do n't see anyone else that listed this as a problem , maybe its just us ! haha
 Pretty boring . Body is squishy and rubbery and any lint , fuzz or dog hair sticks to it . Only a few different ways to position him with the little accessories . After a few minutes , the kids are done . Has to lie down because it wo n't stand up . We gave it away because my kids did n't play with it and wanted somebody else to have it . They had a friend who always took it off our shelf when he came over to play so we sent him home with it .
 I am glad that this was a birthday gift and not something I had to spend my own money on . SpongeBob collects alot of dirt quickly and the pieces do NOT stay in very well . As far as the obscene gesture ... I can understand why some people may be turned off by it . My 2 year old who LOVES SpongeBob pays no attention to it .
 Spongebob IS making an obscene gesture . Personally , I do n't think it is an appropriate toy for children . Anyone that thinks Spongebob is merely `` pointing '' a finger should n't be so naive as to how toys are marketed and the moral decline of our society !!!
 This is NOT a Grand National Replica . It is a Corvette chassis with a screwed up Regal body . Avoid them all if you are a GN fan .
 Cool ball , but hope you do n't have too much stress . Mine blew up in my hands and now I have red ink all over my cubicle , hands , face and clothes . It washes out of my shirt because it is black , but my white undershirt and light blue cubicle are ruined-stained forever.Turns out the ball was defective and had a slight `` blemish '' that was n't noticible until I sqeezed it . I was staring at it thinking to myself , `` Gosh , this could blow up . '' When -- `` Blasphpt !!! '' I was gooed by my `` stress ball . '' Now I know why they call it such . I really am stressed about having to pay to get new cubicle cleaned . My $ 10 ball cost me $ 50 in cleaning ...
 Note
 I ordered this product to help my son with baseball . When it was shipped to me the ends of half the poles were all bent . I find it hard to beleive that the people shipping it did not notice all the dents . I warn anyone who is concerding buying this to try to get it at a store near your house , Atleast that way you can have your replacment parts before the end of the baseball season ...
 One of the worst board games I 've ever played . Did n't even want to finish the first game we played after opening the box . All luck no skill involve game is cheaply made all the way around .
 While I was n't expecting much , I was still disappointed . The game has little to do with simulating aerial combat , as one of the features of the game is a `` wrap around '' board
 the skateboard is aloot of fun but it does not hold up very well . I try and keep it out of water and do everything that I am suppose to and the paint is still chipping off and the wood is still getting exposed . Once Mattel fixes that prolblem I would buy one but until them I would not reccomend them
 I bought this for my daughter and it is alreadycomeing apart and she did not have it very long . she enjoyed the design of the switchboard .
 I ordered this item for my daughter who collects Bryers and it was embaressing . it is so small and cheap looking I almost did not give it to her . Come on Bryer you can do better than that .
 I purchased this to use for both aesthetic and relaxation reasons . However , you can not relax because of the horrible noise emitted from it . I do n't know if it is just my particular product , but the horrible high-pitched buzzing frequency noises is driving us insane ! It states to give the fish 12 hours , approximately , to allow them to start swimming around . Well , it has been 24 hours and the fish are n't moving -LRB- they were all at the bottom and are all now floating at the top if that counts -RRB- . Thankfully , I bought this for less than $ 6 , had it been the price listed now I would have definitely passed . Anyone considering it , please think long and hard . The other users are happy , however , which may mean mine is just faulty .
 Its good enough to be used as a display unit when you take out the cd holding case out.The jar containing the fishes and having bubbles in it with change of lights within is the only good that this so called cd rack has.Overall not good for holding CD cases . .
 As far as the stealth part of it goes it is practicly a flash light on a pare of useless binoculars . If you have a flashlight and a pare of binoculars at home save yourself some money and disappointment . The commercial describes the toy as being able to see without the use of a flashlight -LRB- infrared -RRB- . The toy has two modes to it . You can pop out a flashlight from the top for long range viewing or you can turn on the `` green light '' for quote and quote `` short range secret viewing '' I highly do not recommend this toy .
 I had to get this particular toy as a gift , so I had to pay what I thought was a very unreasonably high price . The gift was as represented .
 The product is not as described -LRB- as of March 2009 -RRB- . The product description stated that the rocket was die-cast and detachable into separate parts . In the playset we received , the rocket was single piece of hard rubber.After we called to complain , our vendor explained that the manufacturer changed the product specs and they promptly refunded some of the purchase price . -LSB- ... -RSB- Hopefully they will update the product description to include the rubber rocket ...
 We purchased this rocket for a science project for our son . It did not say when we ordered it what the size was . He was unable to use it because it was too small . I would suggest the size be put on line so you can determine whether to purchase it or not . We would not have purchased this rocket if we had known it was only 10 '' long . It appears larger on line than it is in your hands . It is still sitting in the box . We may give it to our grandson for a Christmas present .
 I can not recommend this pan . It is very , very thin , -LRB- material unknown -RRB- , made in China , and had a strange coating that was sticky and stinky , even after 2 soapy hand washings . I did n't end up using it so I ca n't speak to how it bakes . If you 're looking for a fire truck cake pan , I 'd keep looking .
 Me and my buddies have been gaming for a long , long time and when one of them brought Zombies !!! to my house we figured it would be a good experience.We were wrong.If you play this game with a happy atmosphere and try to not hurt other players too much , it could be entertaining , however , if you are a group of gamers with a back-stabbing tendencies -LRB- which me and my buddies are -RRB- prepare for a game that has little to no end . Every other turn we were shoving mounds of zombies down the other person 's throat . There was little we could do except die and die and die . Teaming up is not an option at all.We played this game for 8 hours making little progress except for flooding the board with more and more zombies -LRB- to the point we were actually having to use torn up pieces of paper to represent zombies on squares.Never again , Zombies !!! Never again .
 The last time I can remember being so frustrated trying to play a game was during the Scattergories battles of yore , before we had the internet to find out what was and was n't a proper noun.This game is way too complex to have basically a one-page pamphlet for a rulebook . The turn consists of placing a map tile with the proper bullet tokens , life tokens and zombies ; moving your guy ; battling zombies ; drawing new event cards ; and moving the zombies . And that does n't even include the playing of event cards.The rules say that you can only enter a building by tiles with doors , but it was very hard to tell where the doors were and were n't . -LRB- There was much debate on this issue -RRB- It was hard to tell where the buildings themselves started and ended . There were no instructions on how to decide where the vitally important tokens and zombies were supposed to go at placement time , who was supposed to place them , or what to do at the end of the game if and when you ran out of zombie tokens.By far the worst part of the game was the event cards . The rules stated that they could be played at any time , and yet some of the cards had the specific instructions `` can be played at any time . '' These cards are for royally screwing your opponents , so people are going to argue any point they can , and there were so many grey areas that we had arguments about every round . People threatened to quit the game -- people threatened to leave our home , it was that frustrating . For example , one card says `` Zombies do not attack people until the end of your next turn . '' So if this card is played at the end of the previous player 's turn does it only last during your turn , when if it was played at any other time the effect would last for the entire round ????? There were many vague and contradictory issues like this.I do n't have any clue how it got so many positive reviews on here .
 This game lacks that certain X factor that makes my gaming group continue with a title . I 've now played three time at work over lunch and the game is simply less fun than other games we 've played.Pros - It fits into an hour fairly easily if shuffle the helipad in with the other map tiles . - Zombies is simple and easy to learn . - The random map concept insures that each game will be different.Cons - game turn take to many steps to resolve . - The map tiles seem too thin , while the object card seem too thick . - The map does n't lock together in any way . - There are lots of small pieces that are difficult to handle during game play .
 A board game 's first priority should be creating an atmosphere of fun and challenges . The fun and challenge factor are directly tied to the rule book of any given game . The rule book included with `` Zombies !!! '' is generic and unspecific on many issues that will be encountered during game-play . Players find themselves filling in the blanks and making up their own rules . This could be fun if it was actually part of the game and described as such in the marketing material . As it stands , it should be a complete game where the players can follow the rules and have a fun time with the game . Most turns are spent trying to figure out how to cope with a situation that was not covered in the manual . As far as game play goes , there is little to no strategy involved . Every zombie encounter is met with a 50 % chance dice roll that decides the battles fate . There are only a few cards that can change the results and they are usually one time use , not applied to your character . For a $ 20 - $ 30 game , the pieces are of `` okay '' quality . The game called `` Munchkin Quest '' -LRB- $ 35 -RRB- is a much better deal in my opinion . I own both games and I am not affiliated with `` Munchkin Quest '' in any way . `` Munchkin Quest '' has a lot more -LRB- and higher quality -RRB- pieces , cards , game board pieces , and the game-play is a lot more fun . There is a still a large luck factor , but you fight monsters of different levels and you get all sort of cards that help you . Another huge problem with `` Zombies !!! '' is that there is no `` Run Away '' function in the game . Once you encounter a zombie , you must fight until one of you dies . Overall , the game is very poor . It 's not fun , the quality of the game pieces are questionable , even at $ 20 , and the rule book is simply not finished .
 The game 's mechanics are simple enough , which is the only compliment I really have . Turns take too long , and never accomplish very much . Half the cards are useless due to an overabundance of circumstances required to take the action and the other half are overpowered .
 If you do n't live in Maui , San Francisco or near a beach -LRB- I live in OK , think of `` where the wind comes sweeping down the plains '' -RRB- then do n't waste your money . It takes a strong -LRB- maybe even category 1 -RRB- wind to make this brick fly . The theory behind this is sound but the combined weight of the blades and the gear would ` nt allow me to fly it in winds less that 25 mph . I even tried to use a fan to get the rotor started but was never able to fly it .
 This toy will not hoover unless a 40knots plus storm winds is hitting . I ` m 15 years modeller hobbist and coud n't fly it even in a paraglider ramp with 20knots wind . The rotor wing is just too small .
 I purchased this as a gift for my nephew for Christmas . When I received the package , it was a bunch of cheap plastic parts in a ripped , clear , plastic bag . There was no label or professional packaging of any type . It literally looks like something you might expect to purchase at a garage sale for $ 0.50 . If you are looking for a Chrismas gift , please keep looking . I am certainly too embarrassed to give this as a gift . Back to the mall for me ...
 Arrived in torn bag , that was roughly patched with clear tape - maybe it was a repacked return ? However , since there were still holes in the bag all the items were all over the box . No instruction of models was included . Was supposed to give it as a gift , but could not due to lack of picture manual and totally torn package .
 Well , I had hoped we could do more with Mighty Beanz , to be honest . I will spend the money for things that my boys will use often and have fun with . But ... we bought a couple sets of Mighty Beanz , and two of these tracks . I think we spent about $ 75 total -LRB- 2 tracks and 12 beanz -RRB- and all the kids do is toss the beans around and play catch . We ca n't figure out the big deal is . yes they are cute rolling down the track , but after 3 minutes they put it down . And my boys are very creative , they can make a fun game out of just about anything . If we had only spent $ 10 then whatever , but I wish we had gotten something else instead . To watch beanz just flip over down a short track ... the fun wears off quick . the commercials had made it look much more fun . maybe we are missing something ... but I have to say this is one of the few toy purchases I have made that was a total waste of money .
 I 'm not so sure about this thing actually doing tricks and whatnot , but as a parent trying to keep little things out of the toddlers mouth , I love this toy because it closes up on both ends so that the beanz ca n't get out and baby girl ca n't get to them ! Of course she could if she knew how , but for now , she just enjoys shaking the thing and hearing them rattle inside . Works for me ! Now , if we could just figure out how to actually use it for its purpose and do some cool tricks , that would be even better !
 The cards are poor quality , the artwork is horrendous , and the game booklet is a tiny little thing . The rules as stated do n't make for a balanced game , either !
 the card is too thin , we only used once , and some of them already got wrinkled and torn , the design on each side of the card is not very intuitive , wish they have print name on it .
 This toy arrives in a million tiny pieces . I ca n't imagine my child playing with it for as long as it has taken to assemble . Take a couple days off from work ...
 This toy is one of - -LRB- if not the -RRB- worst made toy that I have seen in years - there are way too many of pieces that need to be put together and very poor instructions telling you how to do so.It is an over priced nightmare , that will cause you more stress putting it together than you can imagine . The first hint of this should be the piece of paper that you read when you first open the box -LRB- saying in large bold print -RRB-
 We bought this as a Christmas gift for our son and we have already had to replace the scoreboard once . The replacement scoreboard is not working now and we have only had it for about 3 weeks . The basketball hoop has infrared lights to tell when a shot has been made and they are not working anymore . I am really disappointed with the product considering the money that I paid for it . If I had not had so many problems with it I would have givin it a 5 star review .
 I returned this item because it was broken and I have never received a workable replacement .
 His pants do n't fall down.Kind of gives a whole new meaning to the phrase `` 12 inch action figure . `` Also he does n't say `` I feel your pain '' , `` Bridge to the 21st century '' or `` I did not have ... ''
 When you activate the chirp/song it only last 5 seconds ! Too short to enjoy . There are samples of this bird song , on line , that are longer.I am very dissapointed . There was no indication that it would only be 5 seconds . On the up side , it does have authentic song .
 Shame on you LEGO . As if the Star wars sets are not expensive enough , the batman series seem even more over priced
 I bought this for my 11 year twin daughters , who are huge HSM fans . They were so excited to get it , and could n't wait to play the game . Unfortunately , after we played the game for about 15 minutes , they got bored and wanted to stop . I have to admit , it was not too thrilling or interesting to play . The game set up is a little odd , and rather dull . Save your money for the `` Jump In '' CD - the next hot Disney TV musical out .
 This plastic case , although a good idea for keeping Mighty Beanz in place fails for 2 reasons ... # 1 It is made for Series One Beanz ... Each space is labeled with a name of a Series ONE Beanz ... they are now selling Series 3 . # 2 It is way overpriced.I suggest they reissue it without the Beanz names and cut the price in half .
 cheap quality breaks rather use a baggy to stor my huge collection of mighty beanz .
 lets just say it smalls like your feet and man do your feet smell GOOD !!! but you smell like my sisters PERFUME
 This is a pretty good game , but the directions were very poor . My wife and I read and reread the directions for 15-20 minutes or so . There are several cards that just do n't make sense . We played the game and it was fun , but it ` didnt feel right ' because we werent really sure what to do in certain situations.It must take a lot of effort to make a game like this . Wouldnt it make sense to have some people test it for playability before release ?
 Growing up , my favorite game was called `` On Assignment '' put out by National Geographic in which players had to travel the world identifying countries via pictures and clues . When I saw this game , I hoped it would be similar in nature.First of all , the directions on this game were confusing and had to be read repeatedly before I finally understood how to play.As my husband and I began to play , we quickly lost interest as there was no challenge in identifying the locations - the cards just state what the picture is . It 's simply a roll of the dice game . I think this game would be good for young children as a fun way to expose them to various famous landmarks .
 My 9 year old granddaughter begged for this game for Christmas . She said it was all she wanted for Christmas ! I could n't find it anywhere so I ordered it on line . I was n't sure what kind of game this was for $ 100 but I bought it anyway as grandmothers do . -LRB- My granddaughter had played it at a friend 's house -RRB- . Christmas Day she opened the game , said thanks , put it back in the box and it is still sitting there at my house . Maybe this summer we 'll pull it out and figure out how to play it . I wish I had saved my money .
 The game is fun , it 's just that it arrived in very `` used '' , scuffed-up condition . The ribbon pull was stuck as it was bent . The packaging was fine , the game box was just so scraped/dirty and it appeared as if tags were pulled off so it left marks .
 Beware if you are traveling out of the US with this item ; this will void the warranty as it is intended only to be used in the US or Canada .
 I own the pink version of this product ... identical but instead ... pink.Aside from the following , this beginner laptop has its uses , it no doubt educates but because of the following , this toy can be a parent 's nightmare . ** On the lower right of the `` screen '' flap , there exists a volume control meant for parents , but it is most used by the child . The loudest setting for the volume is not the issue , but the monkey shreeks that play non-stop to give you an audible example of the volume level . I would expect that when pressing this button , you would hear the monkey shreeks to adjust the volume and then continue on ... BUT , when the volume button is pressed and then the child walks away from the unit , the monkey shreeks continue non-stop until the unit goes into power saver `` off '' mode after 2-3 minutes or another key is pressed . My daughter presses this button last and then walks away ... leaving me to travel to the other side of the home to stop the incessant monkey from shreeking . If you can handle this sometimes rude Chinese joke being played on us Americans , you will enjoy this product , however in my home , it may well sit in the closet until my daughter can learn not to just press the `` monkey button '' and walk away .
 I have posted elsewhere , but feel I should post this again
 I bought this toy so my baby would leave me working on my laptop but the design of the screen was not attractive . . it is small , black and white with very old technology that did not attract the baby away from my laptop . . Such defects was not obvious in the product page . . I do not recommend this toy if you are intending to use it as a replacement for playing with your real laptop ! your baby is smarter than that
 2 stars because I ordered this one specifically because it said '' `` 2010 version '' but what arrived was the newer one . I paid a few bucks more specifically for the older version and now I need to spend more to return!Buyer beware !
 I held on to this gift for a while for my daughter and gave it to her for her third year birthday -LRB- a few months ago -RRB- . It is still too complicated for her . She used to be happy just goofing around with it , but lately she has been getting more and more frustrated and downright angry when trying to play it since she has so much difficulty with everything and understands that she is not using it properly . It is too hard to select the preferred game since it is written and she obviously ca n't read . Navigating with the mouse is not very intuitive , and nothing like a normal mouse , so she does n't enjoy a lot of the games . It usually only commands her attention for a few minutes before she gives up in frustration . Maybe she has a short attention span , but the fact that she will look at books for hours at a time makes me think that is not the issue here . I saw 2 of these at the thrift store the other day and wished I would have waited and bought it there , although then I do n't even think it is worth purchasing . I would much rather save my money and get a decent tablet .
 I 'd gotten this for my son for Christmas because he wanted so badly to play on dad 's laptop . I thought this would be perfect and it might have been if it had lasted long enough . Just a few months after getting it the button on the mouse quit working with no other alternative in being able to choose an activity . Because of that , the product ended up worthless . There 's no way to replace the mouse so it became little more than a box for my child . So very disappointed .
 This is a toddler target product which does not stand up to the abuse of toddlers . This was a Christmas gift and by January 31 , it had already starting malfunctioing , and now will not even turn on . Similar products by leap pad have been in our family for 7 years since we got them for our daughter , and our toddlers are using them . This toy is junk , dont waste your money .
 I only paid $ 19 , so I 'm not so upset that I bought it , but I was disappointed in this toy . I 'll focus on three main problems : The small screen
 My son plays with my Acer tablet all the time and I have apps for him . We received this toy as a present recently . It does not compare to the tablet graphics/ease of use/and versatility.Tablets are much more pricey . But I wanted one for myself and as a huge bonus he loves it as well.If you want to invest in a tablet for yourself I suggest getting some apps for you toddler and skip type of purchase.Preschool monkey lunchbox app is awesome .
 I love toys . I think I get more excited about my children 's toys than they do !! Plus , I 'm a relatively positive person and seldom leave poor reviews . HOWEVER , Vtech disappoints me more than any other brand . Here are my thoughts on this particular toy
 I finally opened this Christmas present up to familiarize myself with it before giving it to its intended owner . Now , I 'm returning it.It was intended for a young child who is already familiar with letters and numbers , but not yet at reading and math . He loves using a keyboard just like his parents do . I 'd talked myself into the small screen and I regret it . I 'd hoped a small screen would mean that at least what they displayed was a decent resolution . But these visuals are about what you 'd expect from a digital watch earned through cereal boxtops . In addition , the 31 activities are all highly guided and very limited , with unpleasant noises anytime a wrong selection is made . There are a few activities that approached ` fun ' by emulating more popular , known-to-be-fun games , but for the most part it 's dull single-answer quiz questions , where correct answers are rewarded by an awful , nearly-incomprehensible animation of a dancing squirrel.All it would have taken for me to approve of this product was a segment where my child could type random letters in and be told what they were , or experiment with typing words of his own choosing , or choose a number and have that number of items appear . Those modes do not exist ; everything present save the tacked on music mode requires the child to respond to the toy 's demands rather than the toy respond to the child 's . Thus , the interactivity of the toy is very , very small . Of course , even if those modes did exist , the toy would have been hard-pressed to compete with a bland text editor on a basic computer because of how hard it was to see what was supposed to happen on the screen .
 I had high hopes for this toy because the reviews were mostly positive , but I was very disappointed . I think it 's hard to navigate and the graphics are horrible . The music is tolerable , and that 's about it !
 We love this toy and I would have given it more stars if not for the fact that we have now had it for only a few months and it no longer works ! My two year old is still in the chewing phase and chewed on the cord a bit and now the mouse no longer works , so you basically ca n't use the thing at all and my almost four year old is devistated ! This was his favorite toy and now he can no longer use it because of the flimsy design of the mouse . Whoever thought to give a corded mouse computer to kids this young ? I mean I understand that it makes it good for lefties or righties , but if you have younger kids at home you have to keep this out of thier reach and than the older one ca n't play with it much . That is no fun since the younger one did enjoy it as well , but is still too young to understand you ca n't chew on it ! The other problem is that the battery compartment is too easy to open on this thing . I know a 3 year old should know not to play with batteries , but that wo n't stop many if they get it opened , and they easily could . . not sure why most of the vtech toys that are marketed to 3 and up are like this . . seems to me that you should still have a screw in the battery compartment for anything marketed to a 3 or even 4 year old esp since my boys are still into the mouthing thing , sure they are not the only ones ! It was a fun and educational toy while it lasted , but we are going to go with the more expensive and safer more durable fisher price one ... I still think this one is better in alot of ways , but since I still have a young one who will destroy it and even my 3 and half year old is n't that trust worthy with it , I will have to get the more durable one from Fisher price ... maybe it will last longer ... : -LRB-
 We bought this when my daughter was 10 months old . Our expectation was she would love to paly with its keys and different sounds , however in reality she spent just a few mins with it on the first day and never touched it again . We are hoping she would start liking it when she grows older and if she does , I may have to change this review : -RRB-
 I just bought this for my grandson as his `` big '' Christmas present ... then saw the same toy for $ 20 less at Target today . Very disappointing -- I thought amazon.com was competitively priced . I guess not .
 I hate this laptop . I got it for my 3 yo and it is way too complicated for her . Everytime I give it her she gets frustrated . The process of selecting activities took ME ages to figure out and I have a PhD . The music on it is dreadfully annoying . The sound drives me batty . The screen is tiny . The supposedly fun character -LRB- squirrel -RRB- is hard to make out . Did I mention I hate it ? I want my money back .
 I had no idea that there were different types of Tote n ' Go Laptop . My son had one , similar colour and everything but somehow it stopped working because he kept on dropping it . So I decided to buy another . When the product come , it was totally different from the first one ... it sounded different and the keyboard was different . My son hates the product and never uses it . I wish I could find the original one that he had and enjoyed so much .
 toy broke in one week . took amazon forever to get it here and i paid for three day service .
 Amazon packaging is a brown box . Nothing like a 2 year old opening a brown box on Christmas morning . Had I known it would come like this , I would have never ordered from Amazon . Keep the brown boxes for adult items when the person can read ... keep the normal packaging for the kids ... or at least warn the parents so they know to shop elsewhere . Last kids toy I will buy from Amazon .
 We 'd received this as a birthday gift for our 3-year-old , who loves setting up her computer next to me while I work -LRB- just as she is doing now -RRB- . However , I do n't love the fact that the volume control resets to `` medium '' -LRB- which is loud -RRB- each time the toy starts . The same goes for the awful background music
 My daughter received this as a gift for her 2nd birthday . She did n't seem ready for it right away , but we gave it to her to start playing with a few months later and she was thrilled at the idea of having her own computer -LRB- like Mommy 's -RRB- . The letter keys each have a picture on them associated with that letter , and one of the alphabet modes shows the picture and the associated word when you press each letter . What I do n't understand is how the team at vtech decided on the pictures for each letter . There is a tree on the letter `` o '' key that is supposed to be `` oak '' . What preschooler associates a picture of a tree with `` oak '' ? My daughter had never tried making any connections between letters and words . After playing with this toy for a short time , she proudly announced `` Tree start with O '' . I was very proud of her for trying to make this connection , but so dismayed that the toy led her in the wrong direction . I expect other possible issues like this with the eagle on `` E '' and vulture on `` V '' , both of which to a young kid just look like a generic bird and the kitten on `` K '' -LRB- kids will obviously think of the word cat -RRB- . In addition , the four buttons on the front to switch between the different modes are positioned in just the right place to be accidentally pressed when a kid is lying on the floor leaning up against the keyboard trying to play with the computer . Several times while she has tried to be playing a game , she 'll brush up against these buttons and the computer returns to one of the main menus . This is a really poor design.We 're going to be buying her a different laptop toy and telling her that the old one has to go `` bye bye '' .
 I bought this for my 3 year old nephew 's birthday . He liked it even though he had some trouble understanding how to use it . His 4 1/2 year old brother liked it better because he could figure out how to play the games . Unfortunately , the sound broke after a couple of days , and their mom is going to try to return it to the store for a refund . I saw that another reviewer had the sound go out as well , and other reviewers had problems with the mouse not working . This toy is based on a fun concept , but it is n't very durable and may be better suited to ages 4 and up .
 Although this computer takes a beating - it is not appropriate for a child . The screen is black and small and nearly everything must be done using the mouse - not something a two year old finds easy.On top of getting frustrated by the mouse on this computer - the music and noise are equally annoying .
 Like many , I had high hopes for this toy . Electronic and musical toys generally do n't bother me , but this one has the most horrible noises when the child misses the question . The games are difficult to figure out how to use , so my child would just push buttons -LRB- which resulted in more horrible noise -RRB- . This toy also has a Spanish option at a push of a button . While this may be a great option for many children , my child has autism and it became a huge power struggle to help him play the game appropriately . Not only do I not understand what is being said , the missed questions result in more of the horrible noise ! I wish that the feature was set up so that it was n't so accessible .
 My first disappointment was the set up of the keyboard . With our times of technology and the daily use of computers for everything I was not exceptionally happy with the non-qwerty set up of the keyboard . I do understand the why someone would think the set-up of the keyboard and placement of the letters is a good idea for the purpose of learning the letters in order , however , this also means when they go to use a real keyboard they will need to relearn the placement of letters as this is not a qwerty-style keyboard . My son is only 2 but we 've been teaching him letters on his own keyboard since he was 18 months old . Due to this it will only lead to confusion . This was a big reason I sent it back.The second disappointment was the size of the screen . Like I said , I sent this back and found other toys that taught the same concepts , without the task of re-teaching my son a different way once he is older .
 I really had high hopes for this little toy . The words learning and laptop caught my eye and I guess I did n't pay enough attention to the infinitesimally tiny screen . Combined with a tiny screen are large pixels , so there is very little to see on the screen . My daughter understood most of the basic games , but lost interest in about five minutes and has touched it only twice since . Both times she was bored by it and set it down quickly.All the pretty colors and fancy little attached mouse ca n't make this entertaining to kids . It 's certainly very showy and a draw for adults , but it simply does not deliver once its in my kiddo 's hands . Maybe if it were $ 5 - $ 10 I would n't be so negative , but $ 30 - $ 40 for this ? No way !
 This laptop is a big disappointment for me . As a parent of a 4 year old I find this a poor choice at any age . The keyboard has the letters ordered across in alphabetical order , not as real keyboards are . This I strongly feel is going to confuse children of 3 years or up for their future use of computers . This perhaps is okay for children 18 months to no older than 36 months . Mouse also is not accurate but works . The graphics are very poor as others stated and difficult to see since not lit at all . Even the audio is poor . It is garbled enough that we can not determine if the man said c , e , b or d because you it all sounds the same just something eeee . Can not tell if it is bah eee , da eee , sss eee etc.Not something I would recommend for child of any age .
 My 2.5 Year Old daughter got this last xmas . we figured that punching the buttons would entertain her on a LONG car trip for Christmas . She could still care less . She is obsessed with our laptop , but does n't like this one . The mouse is very annoying , its too easy to switch games and modes so when she does play with it , its just annoying . We are going to try getting her the leap frog one this year . I even tried putting it away for 6 months , and still she could care less . But she 's not really into electronic toys in general .
 Reviewing different laptops I finally chose this one for my 21 month old son BUT when I recieved it it was n't the preschool one -LRB- the one thats pictured -RRB- , just the normal tote and go , cheaper and fewer activities . I 'm sure it 's a great product and I 'll review again once I get the correct laptop but just make sure if you 're paying $ 41.99 you get the laptop worth $ 41.99 and not the $ 14 - $ 16 one .
 The sound was on and off when we first bought it and within a week it was gone for good , coming back rarely . It looks reading the reviews we are not the only ones , so there are reliability issues here . I thought it might be batteries , but by the time I bought a fresh set I ran out of time to return it . be warned .
 We 've had this product for a few years now . It 's been passed down from one daughter to the next and neither has shown more than a passing interest in the dull low res grey and black graphics this ` laptop ' offers . There are a variety of games to play on it and things to learn , but even as a computer savvy adult it 's not obvious how to navigate through this thing . I 'm writing this review because I saw this toy had such a high average rating . I honestly believe it deserves nothing better than a 2 .
 My 16 month son uses it as a pretend laptop . It is hardly useable even for me - so I do understand his frustration with it . But he goes back to it once in a while thinking he will get it like everything else that takes time !
 My daughter received this laptop as a gift several months ago before she was really ready for it developmentally so we put it away until she was ready . We pulled it out recently as she is getting more familiar with the use of a computer and mouse . The volume did n't work so I called the vtech customer support no . and they walked me through several steps to reset the laptop . The display works but the volume still did not work . They said they could n't replace it without the receipt but they offered to sell me another one at a discounted price . I considered their offer until I learned that the discounted price was more than the online prices offered by major retailers . NO THANKS ! The junk is going in the trash . I have heard good things about the Leapfrog brand so I am going to look for a similar product by another manufacturer . I would n't recommend this product for the quality or the customer support .
 This is not a durable toy . My daughter loved her 's , but it broke after two months . The mouse was never very accurate , and then it stopped working altogether . Without the mouse , you can not choose the activity you want . My daughter was never rough with this toy . She just sat in front of it pushing the buttons . I would not recommend this product .
 Better for pretending than doing . My daughter likes to pretend she 's on a laptop like mommy or daddy . But the graphics are horrible . She 's mastered many games on the iPod touch though.Any activity on this would involve the game of guessing what those black and white dots are supposed to represent.For the parents , the music is loud , annoying and does n't shut off for several minutes after the child has walked away from the toy.The durability is good , unfortunately .
 I purchased this toy for my 3 year old son becuase he loves to play CD games on our laptop at home . I wanted something portable and thought the `` keyboard '' , flip up monitor and working mouse was a great idea . i purchased this w/o seeing or testing the actual toy in a store first . had i done that , i would have realized the graphics were poor -LRB- very poor -RRB- . sometimes it was difficult making out the animal that was being depicted . the screen is small and in black and white . OK for the price , but with the current graphics of the Leapster and Mobi-Go products , i 'll put the rest of the $ toward something that wo n't strain my son 's eyes trying to play . cute concept , but they really need to update the graphics in this day and age .
 We bought the Vtech tote and go laptop plus for our son for his 3rd birthday October 27th from Kohls.This weekend , March 5th , the button on the mouse came off and we ca n't get it to stay on . It does n't look like any pieces broke , so I 'm not sure why it came off.Today I exchanged it for another one at Kohls and when we got it home , the new one does n't play sounds . I turned the volume all the way up , but still no sound . This is really disappointing because it is a fun learning tool and my kid loves having his own laptop just like mommy and daddy . He will be very disappointed to no longer have one.This was my first and last Vtech toy that I will purchase . Their product durability and quality is poor .
 This was purchased for my 2.5 year old . He loves carrying it around -LRB- dropping it -RRB- and banging on the keys . He is a smart boy , knows all of his letters . However , this is so complicated and way too advanced for a 3 year old . He only can bang on it and make noises and songs , which he loves . My 4 year old plays the games but the mouse is n't intuitive as the little orange mouse just moves right or left on the yellow circle . My 4 year old keeps trying to move the entire thing like a real mouse . So even he misses some of the answers on the games b/c of the mouse . The screen is very small and the graphics are pretty bad . It is very durable as it 's been dropped many times . Would not recommend this product due to the difficulty .
 My 3 year old son had child laptop which got misplaced . I researched and this looked like a good option specifically based on reviews . My biggest problem is that response time of this laptop is high for most activities . For example , press A , and it would respond to key press with animation ignoring other key presses for next 3 seconds till it finishes the animation on screen . This is problem in most of activities not all , so it is software issue.Otherwise it would be very good child laptop .
 This is , without a doubt , the ugliest Marvel Girl figure I 've ever seen . Thankfully it was really cheap , so I was n't out that much money . I would never have bought this item if I had known how poorly made it would appear close up .
 Recieved item , used for 30 seconds and motor burned up . The Save Wave -LRB- manufacturer -RRB- will not replace or take the unit back . I spoke with Maggie Volkov -LRB- Save Wave -RRB- who told me they do n't guarantee their products . Amazon did not have that on their web page . I do not want defective items . Seems like I gave $ 35.00 to Save Wave for no products . Buyer beware !
 After spending about 40 frustrating minutes trying to get the thing not to spin out of control 1 inch above the ground by trimming the controls and making sure everything was straight , I finally realized that one of the counter-weights on the large rotor was missing , throwing it off-balance and making it impossible to use . I immediately sent it back , and I 'm not satisfied with the product at all . The instructions were hard to understand , and the body of the helicopter is made out of hardened styrofoam , making it VERY easy to break if it crashes -LRB- not that I got mine 2 inches off the ground -RRB- . The rest of the helicopter is made out of cheap , flimsy plastic that is just begging to break . All-in-all , It is a very poorly-made product , however it is kind of neat if yours is n't defective , and you can control the thing in flight .
 I got to fly it a handful of times before it started having problems . It keeps spinning in circles now and does not respond to my trim commands.Totally sucks!I like to point out that 3 friends of mine who received or bought the copter at the same time have broken copters with the same problems . I heard it is something about a wire at the back rotor breaking or coming loose . It does not get enough power and just spins in circle inches above the ground . I suggest spending more money for a better built helicopter .
 My two teenage sons and I each have one of these tiny choppers . 2 of them after some tweaking were flying well . The third was missing a counter weight off of the main rotor . I fixed this with a piece of a nail that I cut to size . All three were flying for about half the day -LRB- the charge in the tiny chopper only lasts about 6 min -RRB- . The first one lost its main rotor and one more of the counter weights we had to give up trying to repair it as it kept breaking in normal use.The second one will not do anything but spin now and no ammount of trimming will fix it . We even cleaned and replaced the tail rotor.The third one is having the same symptoms as the second one.The toy works , it is fun to fly . But it will not hold together for more than one or two days of use . Also the QC from the factory is really not what I expect from a company that would like to stay in business.This would be a fantastic toy if a little quality was added to it . And I do expect some quality even for the small price of $ 30.00 I would have gladly paid $ 40.00 if the toy had been built to last .
 It is missing parts & weights . I have e-mailed TheSaveWave & they sent me an e-mail stating that people do not read the instructions very well & maybe we should read them again . The list enclosed states what comes with the X-copter & my husband looked through everything & he looked 2 different times & came up with the same conclusion , it is missing the extra propeller & the weights to make it fly . Thanks to them they ruined his christmas . I 'm not very happy with this & I do n't think I will shop on Amazon.com again . I should have just taken $ 55.00 & flushed it down the toilet .
 Adding pencils to the Twistable trend seemed like a neat idea . But if the `` leads '' breaks in the pencil , they are unusuable because they wiggle back and forth in the plastic holder . And they do break - of our 18 , about 4 or 5 are out of commission already . If the leads come out , they ca n't be used independently because they 're too fragile to be held by hand . Too fragile for constructive use . -LRB- Amanda 's point about their non-biodegradability is well-taken , and rhyming ! -RRB-
 I saw this item for the first time just one day before writing this review . I learned of the item on Amazon . I felt I could use another color or 2 for several things I do . ------------------- Since I was n't ready to order enough to get free shipping , I went to the local chain drugstore . The price comes out about the same as Amazon 's , after taking tax into account . --------------------------------- So I bought these locally . I returned them within an hour . Here 's why
 These are by far the worst products from Crayola . I am so disappointed that Crayola would release such a product that is so substandard in quality . The leads have broken off on several of the pencils & my daughter has not had a chance to enjoy playing with them . As one of the reviewer has accurately stated , once the leads break off , it 's unusable ! Not worth the money spent . My confidence in Crayola 's products has diminished drastically .
 Never ever received the goods , nor was there a reply to numerous mails to enquire . SHOCKING ... . Not even worth one star .
 I bought this item to add a little something to my son 's bedroom . The paint looks cool when it is dark , it does look like stars in the sky , however , the glow does not last long and you have to continually turn on the lights to recharge . When painting , the projection light does not stay strong and burnt out rather quickly . You have to move fast , in a dark room trying to touch little corresponding cylinders to the correct projection on to the 8ft ceiling -LRB- kills your neck -RRB- before the light and the paint stop glowing . When light is on , the spots are not real noticible , you really have to look for them , which is good . I did this on a dark ceiling -LRB- navy -RRB- and I still need to do more , but since the light burnt out I am just randomly placing the dots , it still looks cool and my 10yr son is pleased . so in the end that is all that matters !
 I purchased this for my nephew and my daughter as a present . I was significantly disappointed . With this item having the Smithsonian name on it , I expected better construction . While trying to assemble the item , the plastic cracked on the one . The tubes and caps were so loose that I was afraid the bugs would get out into my house . I put silicone around the extremely loose ones . However , I did not seal everything so the critters could breathe . For the price , there are other similar items out there with better construction .
 Do not waste your money . It is VERY cheaply made . Pieces do not fit together well . Designed very poorly . Falls completely appart when you barely touch it . DO NOT BUY ! We are returning ours . Thank God I have the reciept . The part that angers me the most is that this is actually a product that is NOT made in China ! Piece of crap .
 This had a tremendous opportunity to be a truly educational toy . However , it 's construction is so poorly conceived , that it is practically worthless . First , the individual habitats , with the exception of the triops tank , are way too small to be useable for any sort of living creature . Second , the way this is put together , it separates with the lightest touch , making it impossible to even shift the habitats around without it falling apart . The rainforest portion is made up of three walls that are really not attached together or to the base , and it literally collapsed upon on itself , freeing the tree frogs that I just put in there.I wish that this was better created . I wanted to like it , and it was rife with complicatons .
 I agree with the other review that the name Smithsonian implies high quality ... this product is NOT high quality . I have NO idea why there needs to be SO MANY pieces . None of the pieces fit together well , and some wo n't stay in place AT ALL . The fact that the instructions say to tape some of the pieces together to stay in place should be a sign that this is NOT a good product for kids . Very disappointing !
 I purchased this based on quantity - picture shows 64 markers and price . And ordered in time for stuffing a pi & ntilde ; ata for a bday party . What I got was two smaller packs of different sized markers and it ONLY totaled 26 markers note the 64 as in the photo . Disappointing that photos and descriptions are n't accurate and I spend more time and money trying to correct .
 The photo in the ad is NOT what is sold . EXTREMLY disappointed . Sellers ? Heads up on this one . Make sure your photo matches up with your product .
 With active boys , their toys need to be durable . One drop and the scope broke off , it jammed up often too .
 First off , this is the only toy that my son wanted for this birthday ... im sure what i recieved will serfice , but i am not impressed ... 80 $ for a USED toy that looks like its been beat to hell at the bottom of a toy box , when it was suppose to be in very good condition , like new with out the original box . It doesnt look like the gun in the picture ! If it did n't say long shot cs-6 on the gun itself i would have said i was sent the wrong toy !!
 I got this gun had it for one day out of the box the front gun didnt freaking work . We returned it we got another one the front gun didint work ether . I tell ya there just selling all the faulty stuf to us unsuspecting kiwis .
 Toy has died . It jammed regularly week after week but my son put up with it . Now , when a dart is loaded into the chamber - the dart tooth fails to retract when in contact with the bolt sled -LRB- see this excellent diagram of a cross-section of a Nerf - -LSB- ... -RSB- - and despite my attempts to take the toy apart to attempt a repair -LRB- can not get the cocking handle off ! -RRB- the toy is now useless . He had great fun and I now regret not seeking a replacmeent earlier due to the incessant jamming . Ho Hum !
 This is a thirty dollar toy at Wal Mart ... I guess sellers on Amazon are n't such a bargain after all ... I see one seller for 73.00 ... pathetic !!
 The Longshot is broken already , it will not fire , it was not working by 12/28 . The removable pistol section would n't fire from the get-go . My son is not particularly tough on toys , and did n't do anything extreme with this one -- I 'm very disappointed .
 This product is a pain to put together , falls apart in use and the darts jam in the chamber regularly . Please do n't waste your money .
 i truly and honestly regret buying this , a huge waste of cash.if this thing is supposed to be a `` sniper rifle '' they did a really bad jobthe range is very low -LRB- 10 feet at most then starts dropping -RRB- also the scope is a disgrace just a piece of plastic you look through , the extension on the front is only there to make it the `` longest nerf gun '' it decreases the shotdistance even further and is a waste of plastic . unless you have the propertools to modify it do n't bother wasting your money . im not saying all nerf guns are bad just this one , if you want a better gun you should get the maverick or one of the full auto ones .
 I bought this for my 9-year-old son on his birthday and it is totally useless . As other reviewers have noted , after a few firings , it jams up and the more the bullets jam , the more damaged they become . Furthermore , it 's hard to find replacement bullets . This was a total waste of money and I doubt we will ever purchase a Nerf gun again .
 I just bought my two sons each one of these yesterday and already it is more of a headache than fun . It jams up constantly and really is a pain to try to enjoy . Would not recommend it at all -- just a heavy piece of junk plastic in the shape of a gun that somehow sells it , but the real function of the gun , to shoot nerf darts , barely works .
 As far as nerf goes , this is a really bad gun . To tell the truth , its probably more fun without the darts . the scope is a non-magnifying plastic tube , and you cant even ajust it . Because of this , the crosshairs are way above were the dart will hit , especially because the dart starts to dip down after about 10 feet -LRB- assuming it makes it out of the barrel -RRB- . the secondary gun didnt even work when i got i got it . If you get the little nerf pistol with the laser on it along with some dart tag darts it shoots twice as far as the long shot . There are a few pros to go with all the cons and mainly it looks cool and you get a more realistic feel then with all the other guns but please , save -LSB- ... -RSB- $ and get something else .
 I was hestitant to allow my son to buy this item but he convinced me to buy it locally . It is a good thing . The bullets are tore up with just a few hours of play . The guns jams frequently and becomes frustrating to play with it.This is the second nerf gun we have purchased that we will be returning within a day . Nerf needs to go back and just stick with footballs .
 I bought two of these for Christmas 09 so I could play war games with my daughter . I 'm a mechanical engineer and yet assembling this toy takes a PhD and then it just jams . We managed to get it to shoot two darts , both of which were damaged by the firing mechanism . It does n't break down to clear a jam , and then jams again . The weapon has two guns in one , and neither toy 's forward gun worked . This is the biggest disappointment of the season . Buy something else .
 I do n't know if I represent the minority here , but I bought this at Target new and this piece failed to even assemble . The chamber jams and ruins the bullets.My mistake was I took a chance and bought this gun while browsing for a nerf toy with my kids at Target . It just so happens that my phone had no internet access in that building and I ca n't check the rating and bought the toy knowing if it fails I can return it to Target.I have owned other Nerfs before , and this is by far the worst I have bought . Judging by the low ratings , there is some serious quality control issues that Nerf needs to address with their supplier.I have had less problem and more fun with the BuzzBee 's double-barrel shot gun so far and i thought BuzzBee were the low end imitators of Nerf .
 From my son
 Im Just Writing this to explian that you can but this for 30 bucks any where else . y would waste 200 some bucks on the same thig !
 We love all the Nerf products , but I ca n't for the life of me figure out why this item continues to be priced so outrageously out of this world.Please let your viewers know the real price and the reason behind $ 299 or whatever price.Thanks ... just got ta know . !!
 This toy has two components . The front detaches and can be used a compact launcher.The pistol stock has to be attached to the front component . On the toy we received the stock could not be properly inserted . It was clocked by a protruding mold . In a partly inserted state it could not engage the firing mechanism.I had to cut away parts of the rear protruding `` wings '' with a sharp knife and a dremel . After removing parts of the plastic pieces I was able , with some force , to snap the pistol grip firmly in place . It is now locked in place and works as designed.This looks like a error in the mold or design , not a change manufacturing slip-up . Once fully assembled it 's a fun toy , but I do not recommend purchasing this until you know Hasbro has eliminated this problem .
 This gun is cool looking but I had trouble getting it to shoot 20 feet . It 's range is seriously incosistant and rarely fires straight . The scope is useless . Long shot ? The tiny one shot attachment fires farther than the main gun . Do n't waste your money .
 I honestly ca n't see how so many people gave this a favorable review . We got this gun as a gift for our five year old and it has been a nightmare from the moment we put it together . It literally jams every other shot . We have yet to make through a full cartridge . My son refuses to play with it and I ca n't blame him . It is one of the poorest designs I have ever seen . Too many parts and the darts just get manganled and jam the gun . Would not recommend to anyone . Sorry Grandma .
 My son wanted this gun for his birthday ... it is all he talked about . The neighborhood kids get together and play with their toy guns . My son was thrilled when this came in and quickly was disappointed when the nerf bullets kept getting stuck ... as I have found to be a characteristic of the nerf guns . He now plays with the gun and has to pretend he is firing off bullets because they do n't come out properly . What a let down . I would n't recommend this product to anyone who expects it to work . I think it is a waste of money .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas . He opened it last night and it would n't work . The spring for releasing the darts was apparently broken . He was upset and of course now the return window has closed so we 're stuck with a broken toy .
 The box and a commercial for this gun described two features inaccurately . They stated the gun could shoot 35 feet , and that the gun 's scope gave it pinpoint accuracy . However , it can shoot no more than 25 feet , and the scope did n't improve the accuracy at all . Furthermore , the dart clips keep getting stuck in the gun . I do not suggest this product .
 When my son try to use as one Gun it is keep breaking in two when ever he is trying to load the front gun . The attachment mechanisam is not so good . So he always use them as two seperate guns and that defeted teeh purpose of puchasing this one.Otherwise it is not bad . Smaller version which is $ 10 less expensive will do the same job .
 This weekend , I got this nerf `` sniper '' for my birthday so I can participate in my dorm 's game `` RC Assassins . `` All in all , if you 're considering buying this , I would reccomend the Nerf N-Strike Recon Cs-6 Dart Blaster , which is $ 10 less , or theHasbro Nerf N-Strike Maverick , which is $ 10 total.Pros :2 six-dart magazines for slightly faster reloadingCons : The gun jams too much , which ruins the darts you 're given.The detatchable pistol is terrible . You get one shot you have to load from the front when the darts are stored in the two magazines , one stored in the stock of the rifle and the other loaded in place.Pitiful range . Box claims to be `` the longest nerf blaster '' -- This seems to refer to the barrel of the rifle , not the range of the dart 's fire -LRB- 35 feet , according to the box , but I 've fired that far with one of the older nerf guns I had when I was younger and with my friends ' new Mavericks -RRB- . I know there are warnings `` Do not modify darts or dart blaster , '' but I 'm an engineering student with the help of three other engineering students , so we gave it a try . With the current design , we could n't remove the air suppressors , but we did stretch the spring out to 1 and 1/3 times the length . It works just the same after putting it all back together , except it fires a little farther -LRB- about a foot or two -RRB- . Also , it was a pain to remove the screws . Using the right sized screwdriver , almost all of the screws were stripped -LRB- cheap quality -RRB- .
 This gun worked great for the first few shots . Then it began tearing up the foam darts and jamming . Within an hour , almost every dart was damaged and the gun jammed up on more than half of the shots.This was very disappointing to my son , who had saved for months to buy it . We were happy that we were able to easily return it to the store we purchased from.We know of two other families that have this gun , and they have had okay performance from it . I guess we 're just unlucky -- but beware that you could be unlucky too !
 NB - I did not buy the toy from Amazon ; Amazon are amazing and this is absolutely no discredit to them.I 'm writing this on 30 December ; my son has been using his Longshot CS-6 for 5 days . Firstly , it was impossible to put together properly because the stock on the front will not attach properly - it 's supposed to slide all the way back but wo n't , so the trigger on that bit wo n't work at all . Consequently he never actually used the front part of the gun . It 's a waste . And worse - after only 5 days of use , the main gun wo n't fire even twice in a row without jamming . I have a boy in tears . . it was the thing he really wanted for Christmas . It 's an over-expensive , useless piece of plastic waste . There 's slight educational value because I 'm told it has some similar parts to a real sniper rifle , if you really want to teach your kids about that stuff ! But seriously , buy a Maverick instead : -RRB-
 After anxiously waiting for this nerf gun , we were disappointed when it arrived . When all guns are clicked together , only every other bullet or so shoots out and the ones that do , shoot only a couple of feet . We put baby powder on the bullets and that seemed to work a LITTLE better . Nothing like having to `` MacGyver '' a new toy !
 hey , i know that no one likes the bad reviews , so I 'm sorry about this , but I just have to say the straight up facts . this gun is good for aboout two hours , then it starts to jam , and badly . I mean , I do n't mind if guns jam all that much , but it was pathetic . I love nerf , but this gun jams too much for your trouble . if you want a good gun then get the vulcan . it 's cooler , and it 's just awesome . this gun is truly , well , crap , no offense to all that like it , but , it 's just extreemley breakable .
 This gun is a joke . It does n't work right and is useless . Some nerf guns are great , not this one .
 this was -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks at target . It did n't fire as far as any of my nerf guns with or without the extension . The extensions attatchable grip would n't go on to the pistol and it would n't fire . If you were standing 5 feet from the wall and fired looking through the scope the dart woul 've already lost 5 feet altitude . Do n't buy this IT DOESNT WORK . Notice how in the commercial they show an animation of it not it actually firing and the distance is n't showed .
 I purchased this item for a Christmas gift . My grandson just had to have it . The bullets kept jamming in it , we finally returned it and purchased a different type of Nerf gun
 Compared to other Nerf ` blasters ' this gun falls short . The clip system is good enough in that you wo n't have to load the next six shots manually.Unfortunately this gun -LRB- mine - it 's possible it 's a fluke -RRB- is less accurate and less powerful than any other nerf guns I own -LRB- scout , maverick , nightfinder , rapidfire-20 -RRB- . Also , this gun -LRB- either part -RRB- ca n't shoot any other type of ammo beside ` streamline ' darts -LRB- which can be used in other guns -RRB- . The scope is useless , as the darts do n't even hit within it 's view . The detached single-shot blaster has more accuracy than the larger blaster , but is single fire and wo n't use other ammo , so it does n't add much versatility unless someone is shooting your darts back at you.If you want a toy sniper rifle , I would recommend an off-brand that uses spinning aerodynamic rubber rings . Although these are also incompatible , and must be reloaded every time you fire , the one I bought -LRB- called a Tornado I think -RRB- was very accurate for and had a long range without wind.For number of shots the Longshot offers , you 'd be better off with a Maverick - which easier to reload than putting darts in a clip.Maybe someday Nerf will make a sniper rifle that actually provides the user with range and accuracy . Regardless , this gun looks awesome , and I 'll probably use the base rifle for the convenience of the second clip , before I switch to a Maverick or a Scout as a backup .
 My son HATED this gun , and we have nearly every one . The longshot is so disappointing . Jams constantly , slow mechanism , heavy for the weak shots u get . Inconsistent shots . The pathetic front gun handle snaps off all the time , who designed this crap ? We ended up keeping the stampede instead . I think that all the glowing reviews here are probably fake . I read them and based my decision on those . If you get this gun , you too will be adding your poor review . The longshot has less power than the stampede , the hyperfire , even the nite finder has more power and distance . It 's not so much the weak fire , it 's the variable firing and accuracy . We ended up ripping off that stupid front gun , taking off the barrel , which just retards any power , taking off the stand -LRB- too heavy -RRB- , and trimming off all excess plastic crap that this gun has . Now a decent gun that jams only now 60 % of the time . Avoid this dog of a nerf .
 This is my second attempt to review this product . I would like others to be warned about the bait & Switch & disappear tactics of the seller regarding this product.I ordered this product hoping it would be a fun and cooky device for playing D&D. ; About 2 weeks ago they send me a package . Instead of receiving the item advertised , they sent me a lame Las Vegas Dice cup . I guess they both have the word `` Dice '' in the product , so there is that . Upon filing a claim with the company Pachi Paradice many times , all my emails were returned `` undeliverable '' . I called Amazon , they were very helpful and are trying to track down the seller for me.I can not recommend the product -LRB- unseen -RRB- and definitely recommend against buying anything from this seller Pachi Paradice .
 really is only partially a hovercraft , the unit does seem to float somewhat on it air cushion , but the rear wheels are actually pushing it along , since it only works well on flat hard surfaces or water , I suspect the rubber cushions will wear out fairly soon . Does not work well at all on grass or uneven surfaces
 What is this supposed to do ???????? It might get a higher rating if there was a description !!!
 I found this description on another site.Color Fountain Mixer & Color Splash Bath TabletsEven bath haters ca n't resist our floating fountain bath toy -- complete with rainbow bath fizzies ! It draws water from the tub , then squirts it up . Add a fizzy tablet or two , and change the water 's color . 24 assorted tablets included ; 24-count refills sold separately . Color mixing guide included . Safe , non-toxic . Requires 2 `` AAA '' batteries -LRB- sold separately -RRB- . For ages 3 and up .
 This was quite messy to clean the screen -- you just do n't wipe clean . You had to get the sponge wet and then the screen was streaky so then you had to wipe clean with paper towels . Not very easy for a 3 year old . We did n't keep this toy long . Did n't know what I was going to do once the markers dried up .
 We got this from Nana for my daughter 's third birthday . I was sorely tempted to return it unopened ! It has three markers included and several image sheets to trace . Every other minute my daughter wanted to change the sheet to a different picture . The ` eraser ' include is a piece of a kitchen sponge . When I finally stopped changing the page , she decided to color all over her arms with the markers . She does n't care that she ca n't trace the pictures . She likes to scribble . I 'd rather just give her crayons .
 This is the worst Doddle product I had purchased by far . It was a great idea but somebody at Fisher Price needs to go back to the drawing boards . The little sponge that comes with it is suppose to clean the board when wet . Ha ha . It just smears it all over the board and it gets all over your hands and everything else . Then you have to dry it to use it again . Yucky and Messy ! Do n't waist your money like I did . We even bought the extra pads .
 My daughter loves this toy.I , on the other hand , can not stand it.I have actually tried to hide it from her.It is a mess ! The markers are not washable , the screen does not clean up easily and the sponge that comes with it is practically useless.Plus , the tracing pages tear easily - they should be laminated.If you are interested in a doodle pro product , I would stick with an original .
 This toy makes coloring cool . I really like the `` glow '' effect . Is it worth that cool glow effect ? Noooooooo ! The markers are easily lost , and the mess of cleaning the pad up is so not worth it . The marker just smears instead of wipes off . It gets all over everything . Yuck ! Until they figure out a better way to clean the board , I would avoid this toy .
 My 3 year old got this from my aunt and uncle and within 5 minutes had a permanent stain on her Christmas dress from it . As other reviewers have noted , the screen is a pain to clean . It will be going back . A regular doodle pro is a much better idea , wo n't stain anything , and does n't need batteries .
 My 6 year old son with autism got 2 of these from relatives for Christmas . NOT a good idea . Not only is the cleanup horrendous ... it is extremely tricky to get the paper to trace in the correct slot ... frustrating!So ... I write the alphabet on it and my son loves that ... Poor thing is intent on trying to get it clean though .
 The Doodle Pro Glow is a wonderful idea , however not for 3 years olds -LRB- as it states on the box -RRB- . The `` tracing '' element is a great thing for my five year old , but the three year old just gets REALLY super frustrated ... and of course , wants to do it himself.THEN there 's the element of cleaning off the screen once it 's been doodled on . They provide you with an `` eraser '' and make you think that it 's as simple as wiping it down . Ah ! Not so . The eraser is simply a small piece of sponge , which you have to get damp . When you wipe the screen , it smears everything all around without really `` erasing '' anything . You will need a separate dry towel that you can alternate with the sponge - as it takes more than one -LRB- or two , or three -RRB- swipes to get the screen clean . One more thing ... beware , the screen cracks easily . We have three cracks on the brand-new screen , and we 've only used it twice ... both times with constant adult supervision!Unless you just have a LOT of time to wash a screen -LRB- as you spend more time `` erasing '' than you do drawing -RRB- than I would suggest something else . Truth be told ... he has more fun with his chaulkboard !
 The toy is fun for kids , HOWEVER ... the markers stain ! Your clothes , their clothes ... it is bad . My son is within the recommended age for use but while wiping the markers off he was holding the marker in his hand and got it on his shirt . I ca n't get it off - have tried everything ! DO N'T BUY THIS OR LET THEM PLAY IN OLD CLOTHES !
 My son got this for his 3rd birthday and it 's too difficult & messy for him . Adult supervision is definitely required since it gives you several markers ... a 3 year old with a marker is not a good thing . The sponge ` eraser ' has to be damp and you then have to wipe it with a dry cloth to completely remove the marks . Older kids might enjoy this a little more .
 My daughter is 4 years old and LOVES to trace so I decided to by her the Doodle Pro Glow . From the outside it looked like a snap to wipe clean , what a mistake ! First you have to make sure that your child does not smear the marker -LRB- which stains -RRB- all over the place , second they provide you with a tiny sponge -LRB- not the same as the picture on the box -RRB- and you have to wash it clean after every stroke across the board . I do n't know about you but I get tired of running back and fourth trying to keep it clean . Third you then have to wipe the board clean with a dry cloth since the wet sponge never gets all of it off.Take my advice and pass up this toy and go for the simple Doodle Pro , much easier all around .
 I was given the Fisher-Price `` Doodle Pro Glow '' for my son 's birthday . Although the concept of the Doodle Pro Glow is unique , the product itself fails to live up to its expectations . The pens that came with our BRAND NEW Doodle Pro were used and did n't last more than a couple of days . The screen is extremely hard to clean and I had to resort to using a window cleaner to remove the gunk that seems to get caked on . The product comes with an `` eraser '' which is no more than a piece of cheap dishwashing sponge that disintegrates after a few wipes -LRB- not to mention that it does n't get anything off in the first place ! -RRB- . The eraser shown on the packaging is false advertisement since it is NOT the one you get with the product so Fisher Price should really change its advertising to reflect the true product . Fisher Price has always been a brand I 've trusted and enjoyed so I was very disappointed at how shoddy this product was . Needless to say , after a couple of days I took the Doodle Pro Glow to my nearest ToysRUs for a full refund .
 As others have said , this is a neat concept , but in reality , it does n't work that great . After drawing on it , you wet a sponge to erase it . Think about a small child wetting a sponge . It ends up a dripping mess ! Then they end up with runny marker all over their hands , which ends up on their clothes , etc. . We 're good about watching the kids , too . You really have to take control of the sponge and make sure the board is wiped properly before the kids use it . The other thing is that none of the colors glowed very well and the kids stopped using it after only a couple of days . Just a very disappointing gift . Fisher Price should have stuck with the original Doodle Pro ... my kids have had it for a year and still use it !
 This is a fun toy but it is not a real hover craft . The back wheels are always on the ground . It 's also pretty slow in the water - it does move quickly on a road .
 We could n't find the Terraniac this holiday season and settled on the Air blade as an alternative for my son . We should have waited!The Air Blade is pretty much useless unless you use it indoors on a smooth floor or in the garage on very smooth concrete . My son is very disappointed . He 'd much rather have another R/C , even one that costs much less -LRB- like his little brother 's Trak Attack -RRB- . Normal asphalt and concrete are too rough ! The smallest bump or surface imperfection will send Air Blade air born . This usually results in an unexpected 90 degree turn . Worst case , the Air Blade flips over due to forward momentum and the bump induced turn.This is not operator error either . My son can handle other RCs just fine . I 've used it and found the same behavior . Drive forward a few feet then it hits a small imperfection and turns or flips . This is either on the concrete driveway , or the asphalt cul de sac.We 've exchanged it once and found the replacement had the same defective nature . -LRB- we found out after the fact that RC 's can only be exchanged for the same model . RCs can not be returned . What a scam this is -RRB- . This notice is on the store 's receipt . The receipt notice is also useless since you only see the receipt AFTER you 've bought the darn thing.If I ca n't get a return for store credit , I 'll attempt to contact the manufacturer for resolution.The Plus side : This RC does seem very durable and able to handle crashes and flips . But this in no way makes this toy worth the money .
 this thing is pretty hard to control . The surface the toy is on needs to be very smooth for it to work . Our street is too rough . we did n't bother with the pool and the battery went dead right away . it 's a flop , but i think it was only $ 20 .
 My son really wanted this for Christmas . The price was too much for what we got . The Hovercraft is very hard to control and the battery loses its charge very quickly . Also , we tried it in a pool -LRB- twice -RRB- and it did not live up to its claim of being able to use it on water . The instructions also say not to use it on grass or sand . Pass on this one .
 It was a pain in the a ** putting it together for my 4 year old son . He does n't even play with it ! It 's not durable for a toddler boy to play with it .
 The problem with this lightsaber was n't the spring action
 This product , in concept , is amazing . However it did not last more than a couple extentions before the spring loaded blade bit the dust . My little guy was so excited about his lightsaber and very careful with it as well I might add . It just was not built to survive :-LRB- We saw it light up once , the sound never did work and now it will not extend so it 's officially a gallactic flop with my little boy .
 My 3 boys -LRB- ages 4 , 7 and 9 -RRB- love their lightsabers so the idea of a spring activated version was too hard to pass up . Imagine the disappointment when the fragile spring/force action is only good for about 3 tries and then it falls apart with no way to get inside and fix it . We have 3 of them -LRB- Darth Vader , Obi-wan and Luke Skywalker -RRB- . Vader was done before 9am Christmas morning . The other two are hanging on by a thread and now the boys have to be `` very gentle '' when they load the saber . The worst part is that the light up feature is tied to the spring so it does nothing now . These are not rough kids and it 's just a matter of time before the other springs get jammed . Stick with the original light up sabers and forget the force action .
 I 'm surprised at the number of positive reviews for this item . I purchased two of them at the same time ; this Luke version and one of the Vader ones . Out of the box they initially worked and then after about 3 minutes of proper use , they both malfunction . The Luke version would extend and retract , but the electronics were gone ; no lights and no sound . The Vader version had the electronics work sporadically and mostly were reversed . It only has one button that extends the `` blade '' and turns on the lights and sound . They ended up reversed and would turn on when the blade was retracted and off when extended . Just realize what a cheaply made toy you 're getting and you might not be disappointed .
 Failed to guess `` particle accelerator , '' `` atom , '' `` bomb , '' `` matches , '' and even `` unicorn . '' What a waste . If you come up with your mundane , everyday articles of daily living , then it 's possibly accurate about 60 % of the time -LRB- at least by my estimates -RRB- . But otherwise , avoid it . It fails to measure up .
 We have a Spiderman game similar to this , but comparing the two , the Batman game is way too difficult and time consuming to be fun . When my 6 year old son and I played , it took us both atleast 10 turns before either of us knocked down any of the targets . -LRB- and we 're not dummies either -RRB- . The launcher is difficult to aim , and since there is only 1 launcher , and the batmans have to be placed on the launcher in a specific direction it is time consuming to load in between each attempt to launch . We were both frustrated every time we played as there is no positive feedback for the child unless they are patient enough to try and try again before they finally succeed in knocking down a target .
 I had thought that there would be no way this toy could be a bad match for my daughter . Ballet * and * MLP ? Well , as a toy this sucks . It 's basically just a statue with wheels . There rear ballet `` slippers '' do n't come off , so you ca n't put different ponies on to dance . This also means that the pony ca n't stand on it 's own since there is an inch long protrusion used to lock the pony into the base . All of this is also true with the Ice Skating pony.Save you money , please . I wish I had .
 This My Little Pony product does not live up to expectations . My daughter received this toy for Christmas and we just can not get it to work . Additionally , the permanant fixture on one foot prevents this pony from being used with anything else . This poor pony is definately left out in the cold while the other ponies get lots of attention from my little girl .
 I ca n't tell you how this even works - I never received instructions with it . I did ask the seller for instructions and I never got a reply .
 Performance of this toy is far inferior to the demo on the web site . It 's vocabulary is much too limited .
 I purchased this item at Sharper Image for my 13 year old son . My first clue should have been when the salesperson told me the best thing I could do was purchase the $ 5 extended warranty for this item because `` it will break '' -LRB- his exact words -RRB- . We have had the flyer for five weeks now and while it has not broke , it certainly has not flown very well . Unless you have a room about the size of a gymnasium , this toy will not work too well . It typically bumps into walls or furniture and once it does it falls to the ground . Neither one of us has had a successful flight of more than 20 seconds without it crashing . I have a fairly large house with open rooms too.We took it outside and that worked a little better unless there is the slightest bit of a breeze then it comes crashing down.I do not believe the commercial that shows the dragonfly maneuvering through a small open window ... I do n't think that is possible.A few other negatives to consider :1 . It is very noisy and will annoy anyone that is anywhere near it when it is flying .2 . It interferes with other wireless devices . I can not use my wireless mouse and keyboard when this toy is on .3 . Has a short battery life ... 7 minutes if you 're lucky.I would not recommend purchasing this item .
 I 'm giving this two stars mostly based on the fact that it is innovative , and I love new and different toys ... But ... I got this for my 10 year old son for his birthday . First day out of the box , it broke ... have to replace the wings already . This toy is NOT durable at all . I was really hoping this would be great fun , but it 's turned out to be a major hassle/disappointment .
 I bought this product from the local Wal-Mart and was hoping for a flying toy to play with in the house . Mainly the goal was a toy to tease the cat with.I got it out of the package all batteries in , and lift off . By the time it gets flying I had burned up my 20ft long living room . This thing does not turn very well , so it hit the wall . I thought no biggie its gon na take time.I brought it outside to see what area is needed to fly it , the minimum U turn was about 20-25 feet , and the only other control you have is up . Hit the stick to climb and let off to make it fall . The longest flight I had was about 1 minute and then it crashed , again.It is n't a good toy for inside or out , I was lucky there was no wind that night . This is not meant for normal houses with 12 foot wide rooms or smaller , and with 8 foot ceilings . You ca n't have many obstructions , if any.I returned this thing after 1 frustrating day . It was flat out not what I was looking for . I need something that will hover better and steer nicer .
 For those of you who missed the fact , like I did , that this is an INDOOR ONLY basketball hoop , be on alert ! This is a big contraption , with a base that is filled with water for stability , close to a full-sized hoop . Who has the room in their home for an indoor-only hoop that is this big ? Do most people have a gym with tall ceilings in their home ??? As soon as I began putting this hoop together , I regretted buying it . I had searched high and low for it because my son named it by name after he 'd seen it on tv -LRB- kudos to Amazon for actually having what none of the stores did , though -RRB- . But as I put it together , I realized that this would have to stay indoors because of all the electronics . It did n't fit in our basement , which has low ceilings , and I know I did n't want my son running around inside the house , or breaking windows or other breakables with the ball -LRB- even though it 's a Nerf basketball -RRB- . So what 'd we do ? We wound up putting it outside anyway , and wrapping it in a large tarp to protect the electronics that are on it.The electronics on this are pretty neat , and I can see why my son asked for it . There is a strolling spotlight that roams the `` court '' while the kids play . There is also an announcer voice that commentates on the playing . The board keeps score , but only for one person -- no way for it to break down score for teams . But when a basket is made , the crowd cheers , and the recording is abound with realistic sound effects . There is also an attachment in the back for an mp3 player or cd player , and in fact , the thing comes with a cd . There is a drink dispenser as well , which is a nice feature.None of the above runs on batteries ... it 's all on electricity ... so be prepared to have a long extension cord . The Nerf ball provided pretty much does NOT bounce . SO if you use the hoop for what it was apparently intended -- repetetive free-throws -- then the Nerf ball serves its purpose . But if you expect your young ones to actually play basketball in front of it , you need to replace it with a small sized youth basketball -LRB- which we happened to have -- it fits perfectly -RRB- ... unless , of course , you actually DO use this indoors as it 's intended.Bottom line -- unless you have a spacious basement to put this sort of thing , DO N'T BUY IT !! A regular hoop for your driveway will serve your young sportster much better , and will set you back FAR less financially than this one did to me .
 The game is slow . When you fold you have to wait for the hand to finish and it can take some time . Also it is hard to see in bright light . It is not made of good quality . Otherwise fine .
 Do not buy it !!! Those pieces are sold separatelly and it is cheaper !!! dont be fool and buy it at the elevated price !!!
 My almost 3-year-old son received this toy for this past Christmas . He loved it outside the tub because he had fun watching it wiggle and dance on the lenolium floor . However , once it got in the tub , the fun went out of it . It would not stay afloat , even after following the directions of squeezing out excess water routinely . Routinely would mean ever 5 seconds . And sadly , he lost his head about 2 weeks ago . My son had not abused it in any way , instead was taking good care of it because he liked it so much . During one bathtime session he was giving the duck a bath and the head came almost completely off , just dangling by a couple of threads . However , there was no fixing it . All in all , my son was able to enjoy this toy for less than 3 weeks . It is a very cute toy so I would suggest that it be used only outside the tub to watch him wiggle and sing .
 Another overpriced toy with absolutely no features . Its flimsy and does nothing . Not woth more than $ 9 . I really wasted my money on this
 I have a table that stays outdoors but is folded up and under a tarp when not in use . This net is not made to be put on and taken off . It 's difficult to put together in the first place . Worst of all though is that one of plastic hook made for the chain to stretch the top of the net broke on day two . Even though I 've found a way to leave it on all of the time this net is still very mediocre .
 I would like to use this product . It appears to very sturdy . But there are no directions for how to attach the net to the posts . I give this manufacturer zero stars .
 awful net hard to set up , and does n't stand up does n't come with instructions either . . that 's all i have to say
 I bought a ping pong net from them and I tried to set it up the first thing that happened was the net got torn .
 This set does not come with instructions to put it together . A complete waste of money !!!
 The dinoasaur is soft and a great size . But the tail was cracked and bent in the packaage itself . If the material had been more durable I would have loved to keep it .
 This kite has a good overall flight performance with the exception of excessive oscillation in the wing tips at high speed -LRB- 15k wind -RRB- . Only fair production quality -- one of the female connector 's glue attachment came apart in first assembly . The other two came off after first flight -- not happy making repairs right out of the box . Good product but should be better made , or better quality control at this price level . I have cheaper kites from other lines that are made just as well if not better .
 I have five different Prism kites and they have worked well for a long time.Not this one.I have been flying stunt kites for over 30 years and have about 20 of them.Many types and brands , most have been great to fly and some have lasted since I started flying kites.Prism has always made a nice product until now.I flew this kite once with no problem except it was a lot slower and stable that advertised.The second time I flew it , or tried to , two of the wing stay grommets and one of the stays were missing.I wrote Prism and they never got back to me . I later found one of the grommets in the car.No crashes and it is already missing parts . The newer stay grommets screw together , so Prism knew there was a problem with the earlier design . Yet they wo n't even answer my e-mail . I wo n't buy their products again .
 I was extremely excited to get this kite and take it with me to the beach for the weekend . I got the kite , took it out and carefully put it together . I thoroughly inspected it for any signs of damage during shipping . I unpacked it again at the beach , it was n't a very windy day luckily so I thought it would be a great day to learn . I 've flown a dual-line kite before , but this was the first one I owned.Well , I lifted off the ground but my lines were n't even so it spun back to the ground after reaching only about 6-8 feet in the air . I tried again , but this time I noticed one of the wings was flapping . I set it back down and went to take a look . The connector between the upper and lower leading edges snapped in half on my first crash . That was it for flying for the day.I found an authorized Prism dealer and repair about a half an hour away from where we were camping . I took the kite in the next day to have them look at it . For $ 11 they replaced the part and fixed the kite . They mentioned that it was a weird part to break like that , and they do n't see it too often . The connector is glued to one of the leading edges out of the box , so both the connector and the leading edge had to be replaced . I double checked with them to make sure I did n't do anything stupid on my end to cause the break . I took it back to the beach and decided to give it another go.This next flight I was able to fly for around 10-15 minutes , only crashing twice . The second time I crashed , the connector on the opposite leading edge broke . I gave up , contacted Amazon and was able to return the kite . For a kite that 's supposed to be durable enough for beginners to learn on , this kite did not hold up to even a simple crash . I went with this kite after a lot of research and was very disappointed in the quality that I received . If I was closer to a kite shop and did n't mind stocking up on a bunch of replacement parts , then the kite flew great ... in the short amount of time I was able to fly it .
 This product was not only difficult to figure out how to go about playing the game , but it just plain did not work . It would scan an item once fine , then the next item it would not work . I would say 85 % of items with bar codes it never accepted . It just did not work and was a waste of money .
 My son got this as a gift for his 8th birthday . It was incredibly difficult and he required a ton of help from my husband . After 3 hours , it still was n't completed , and my husband is a very handy guy . It was frustrating and upseting for my son . There is no way an 8 year old could complete this project successfully without any help . The pieces are small , and there are some pieces that you need to bend according to the directions , and it was just not `` user friendly '' at all .
 I agree completely with the other reviw . We are a building family . We built our own home . My husband has rebuilt car engines . My kids have even scrounged cowbones and built a cow . We have tons of building kits and this one is by far the most difficult we have ever taken on . My boys ususaly require none to very little assistance with other building projects . It seems as simple as follow the pictures but we did tons of backtracking and redoing and in the end found it not very fun . Perhaps if we had started with other less difficult kits this would have been easier ??? I would not recommend it for young kids unless Dad is going to be available for several hours to assit .
 Difficult to build due to very poor design , extremely poor quality directions and materials that slip and slide all over the place , even after tightening down.The directions give no indication as to the angle at which the pieces must stay to get the rest of the pieces to fit . So it is up to you to guess . If you guess wrong , any of the pieces connected will come loose when you attempt to loosen just one nut or bolt.The parts list does not make it easy to pick the correct pieces to use in each step . There is an inventory , but unfortunately each piece has only a code number and not a specific size ! Most of the pieces listed in the inventory are not to scale to one another , so hard to guess which little black thingy or bendy metal bar they are talking about.The Erector Design series is touted for its bendable pieces . These pieces bounce back though , as you are building with them . You need 4 hands instead of two to be able to build these models and even then the nuts and bolts are so small that if your hands are any bigger than a child 's , there is no way you will be able to get your fingers into those tight areas of the model.Unfortunately for me , I bought way too many of these Design series sets , before I built the first one . Now I am stuck with them and they are all the same . It is as if the Meccano/Erector company decided to make a quick buck with no thought to product development or testing . Meccano , go back to the old sets ! Get rid of the Design Series !
 THE PRODUCT DOES NOT WORK . TOOK TO A JEWELRY REPAIR SHOP AND IT IS DEFECTIVE
 They had to make another brat ... What kind of name is `` Nevra '' anyway ? This gal looks suspiciously like another brat , Yasmin . Why do they look so much alike ... ? Because MGA wants more cash!They simply took Yasmin , removed the beauty mark , and changed her name , and just put different stuff in the set . BAM ! Another ugly brat . Sorry , MGA . You 're dolls are disgusting , ugly , and they 're heads are far too big . I hate those gross girls .
 Her eyes are supposed to be blue , why did they make them brown for the safari outfit , I am trying to buy for a kid who wants nevra and likes her blue eyes but does n't want funk out nevra cause the clothes are the same ones from other bratz dolls , so now i find this safari one but the eyes are brown and not blue.Are the people that make these dolls so stupid that they ca n't even remember what color the eyes are supposed to be for each doll ? My god someone over there is getting lazy if they ca n't even keep each girls physical features in order .
 I dont ' t like coulored bratz . I think that her hair is verry hard . You almost ca n't come it . Her eyes are ugly . They are black . And she is black too . I dont ' t like dark dolls . She is even blacker than sascha . If you buy this doll you most bee insagne . Alle the bratz are ugly -LSB- ... -RSB- her . IEUWWWWWWW ! I like myscene doll and they are much better .
 VERY BIG HEAD THEY DO N'T EVEN HAVE REAL FEET . IF YOU LOOSE THE SHOE YOU ALSO LOOSE THE FOOT I MEAN WHAT IS THIS A TOY OR AN ALIEN .
 simply this doll sucked . she wasnt even pretty . a huge head and littlebody . sooooo lame .
 I guess I thought that I was getting a bug jar ... basically the bottom is open.What you going to do ? Go out and catch a Black Widow spider ... release it on your table top and throw a bug loop over it ? ... maybe I 'm just using it for the wrong critters ?
 As other reviewers have already touched upon , this is not the best rocket out there . The blue and silver color made it impossible to track once launched . My son and I launched on a VERY still day . We launched with the A3-4T engine . Wefound the smaller engines at Michaels if anyone is still looking for a good source . It climbed SUPER fast and we lost it in the sky within a nano-second . We actually heard the ejection charge go off almost straight above us -LRB- several hundered feet above us ! -RRB- , but never saw the rocket again . The tiny size combined with the poor choice in colors made it a definate bust . We learned a valuable lesson . In comparison , we have another rocket that happens to be yellow , flies to about 600-700 feet and is about twice the size . It has seen around 20 filghts and is still going strong . Never agian would I choose this little blue and silver model or even one with similar colors .
 First of all , this rocket is tiny , and it took me a long time to find motors for it . The rocket is so small , it is NOT worth the price . Try the Patriot M-104 , twice as big and STILL cheaper than this piece of junk . From my experiences with model rockets , I know that this is DEFANITLY an N.T.B.S.A. rocket
 My 5-1/2 year old son received this for Christmas . He loves pirates and legos , so it seemed a perfect fit . We were wrong!The Mega Bloks are poorly made , and it 's very difficult -LRB- even for an adult -RRB- to get the pieces to stay together . Imagine how frustrating this is for a child ... we will never purchase Mega Bloks products again , we 're sticking to the original LEGOs!Nothing more satisfying than spending money on a gift that makes your child scream and cry in frustration ... thanks MegaBloks !
 This was a complete dissapointment . The stickers are so tiny that my daughter got all frusstrated and did n't enjoy them at all . They are less than thumb size .
 i collect 1:24 die cast mustangs . this is a pretty car , but of all the ones i have - it had the poorest finish work i 've seen on any model.the silver trim around the windows is painted on , by hand . generally it 's not much worse than i manage to do - BUT there was a big FINGERPRINT on the post right between the winshield and driver 's window.it was not just that the trim was indented , there must have been a big glob of paint there , because it was thick and smeared , and totally covered the post - which should have been body colored.i had to use lacquer thinner to remove that , i will repaint it myself.also , whoever put the windows in got glue ALL OVER the car - the inside was coated , but even the outside had several streaks . alcohol removed most -LRB- but not all -RRB- of that residue.there are also several places where the parts were not trimmed - and there was a lot of metal `` flashing '' that got painted over . that 's not unheard of with these cars , but it is excessive on this one.i enjoy working on models , so i will keep and fix this one - but i wo n't be ordering any more from maisto . i may buy them from a brick n mortar store where i can inspect them first.i realize these might sound nit-picky , but if the workers had ANY pride or the inspectors any vision , they would not have let this one off the line .
 my daughter really likes the ring toy -LRB- not the cow jumping over the moon - it 's too big and clunky -RRB- but neither one stays put AT ALL ! not for 2 seconds . if you want a toy that sticks , look elsewhere .
 The toys themselves are cute , but at the end of the day , those suction cups work on just about nothing . One detaches as a rattle , but it 's a mighty big rattle when taken off the base and somewhat unwieldy .
 We read the reviews and decided to try the prodcut anyway because it was relatively inexpensive . Maybe it makes a difference what your highchair tray is made of , but the suction cups wo n't stick to our plastic highchair tray at all .
 Save yourself the hassle . Skip this product . I was VERY Excited to purchase this for my three month old . When I got it home , I tried to suck it to the stove top . Nothing . I tried the swing tray . Nothing . I stuck it on her high chair tray , and walked away , came back 2 minutes later and it was n't even attached . There was n't even a baby IN the chair and it had unstuck on it 's own . I finally managed to get it to stick for a short amount of time , but am very disappointed in this product . Luckily it was cheap.Save yourself the time and hassle and purchase the Fisher Price Rainforest Spinning Suction Toy . It actually does stick and STAYS Stuck . I am much happier with it . You do n't even have to wet it to get it to stay .
 the toys have bad suction . My 7 month old can rip it right off her highchair . Plus , the sound does not work .
 These products were to entertain my 7 month old son while we eat dinner . I was very disappointed when they arrived and we were unable to get the cow jumps over the moon toy to stick to the high chair tray . It will stick for several seconds , then you can see it self release . We had better luck with the fascination station -LRB- this will stay most of the time -RRB- , though we purchased the set so we could switch between the two to keep interest levels up . Part of the problem may be the texture of our high chair tray -LRB- Eddie Bauer -RRB- , but we were also unable to get the cow to stick to the counter or our table . **** Since I reviewed these toys , I have taken them away from my son because paint from the cow jumps over the moon scraped off while he was teething on it . It was in his mouth , on his face and hands ! ****
 While it worked , my baby -LRB- 7 months -RRB- loved this toy . For us the suction worked just fine , but it was sort of moot since he was able to pull it off of the suction base and play with it . Either way , the music and sounds it produced really kept him entertained.Then two weeks later it stopped working . Not a sound , not a peep . So I pulled out my screw driver set to see if I could change the battery . Well , the toy uses triangle shaped slots in the screw head , so none of my screw drivers -LRB- slot , phillips , hex -RRB- work . So now I ca n't change the battery and I have a worthless toy -LRB- he 's bored with it now that it does n't make sounds -RRB- .
 We got this set for our 3 month old twins , hoping to entertain them enough for us to finish a meal.The cow does n't stick for more than a couple seconds , and is top heavy so it hit my son in the head when it fell . It is a relatively boring toy , does n't spin well , and it is way too loud , especially for a toy that is right in front of your baby!The other toy is better , but it also does not stick for long . Since it comes off the base , they can at least still use it and do seem to like it . The black and white part that sticks in the base is a nice size for their hands to grasp . But as a tray toy , it is not worth it .
 Do n't waste your time on this item folks . The books included are all small portions of large stories told mostly in 12 issues runs . And who 's bright idea was it to include Gotham by Gaslight in this pack?Gotham by Gaslight is a great story , one of my favorite batman books ever , but this pack is clearly geared toward younger kids and Gotham by Gaslight should certainly be reviewed by a parent before given to a child . Just to clairify , if i had an 8 year old boy / girl , i would have no problem letting them read the book but i 'm pretty laid back . The last thing i want is some prude seeing blood , rape , and murder in a comic book and throwing a fit . If you do decide to buy this collection -LRB- and i recommend you do n't -RRB- read Gotham by Gaslight first then decide if your kid can handle it or not.As for the rest of the stories ... well , they stink individually . If you really want a good read just by the Dark Victory collection . You know just take your kid to the local comic store -LRB- pick up Gotham by Gaslight for yourself , it 'll blow you away -RRB- and get your kid a book or two there . I say this for several reasons 1 -RRB- it gives your child much greater options and 2 -RRB- it actually lets you spend time with your kid .
 I was disappointed in the size of this toy when it arrived . It fits in my palm , and for $ 15 I thought it would be larger . It 's a fun toy and takes off easily on the hard floors , but is smaller than expected .
 I bought this for my son a few years ago because he loved buses , but I was soon sorry I did . It was very loud and annoying , and he stopped playing with it after a short while . The characters tell annoying , stupid jokes over and over , and worst thing was that it kept saying `` Push one of my friends '' - a GREAT thing to tell a kid to do . Of course they meant one of the `` friends '' on the little bus , but I 'm not sure if my son realized that ! I tried to contact the company to complain about that one , but they never responded .
 Leap frog makes quite a few good learning toys . Unfortunately , I 'd recommend many others before this one . Although the voices are fun and friendly , the volume is much too LOUD . The jokes are repetitive ; they get boring within a few minutes.On the positive side , it is a durable bus . My 2 boys can do a lot of damage , but this one -LRB- to my not so secret regret -RRB- survives all that energy . I like that the letters are all capitals , my oldest -LRB- age 3 -RRB- sometimes has difficulty doing letter identification with lower case letters.The volume , however , is over the top , even muffled with some tape over the speaker . My boys did n't use it for learning their letters . It had more appeal as another vehicle to play demolition derby -LRB- and you can get something much cheaper and less obnoxious -RRB- You can only hear the phrase `` push one of my friends '' so many times before trying to stuff the bus to the back of the toy closet .
 This item is a waste of money . My daughter got it when she was 2 . The only thing she enjoyed doing was honking the horn and listening to the few animal sounds it played . The alphabet did n't interest her at all . When you press a button it says the name and sound . My daughter could care less . She played with it for about a week and then it became a dust collecter . Not a good choice !
 This item is a waste of money . My daughter got it when she was 2 . The only thing she enjoyed doing was honking the horn and listening to the few animal sounds it played . The alphabet did n't interest her at all . When you press a button it says the name and sound . My daughter could care less . She played with it for about a week and then it became a dust collecter . Not a good choice !
 My 2 1/2 year old daughter loves her old doodle pad so much it was time to get a new one . We saw this and thought it looked great ! It is a joke . Not only are the markers dull in color , they do not erase off the screen at all with the eraser . Also , we found that even when using the traditional magnet pen we had trouble erasing the screen . We went from having a doodle pad be a independent play toy to one that she needs constant help with . Stick with the plain old doodle pad - which is what we went back and got !
 I do not recommend this toy at all . The package makes it look great , but it 's very deceiving . The colors are not as bright as they appear . The markers are so messy . They marker eraser does n't work . I would title this toy `` JUNK '' Do n't waste your money .
 The picture they use is very misleading . The `` color '' componant is comprised of three dry erase markers . The eraser that is included does not erase in the least bit , so you have to use a wet paper towel or equivalent . Stick to the basic Magnadoodle as the color one has no added benefits .
 I was excited to find a doodle pad that had color with it , but the dry erase markers do not wipe off very easily and the whole pad was very oily . I 'm guessing from the markers . We wiped it down , but there is still a film on it . Can not get the marker to completely wipe off with the pad that came with it .
 At daycare , my son loves this old beat up magna doodle with a worn magnet pen and one circle shape left . My husband purchased this toy thinking that this one had all the bells and whistles . Unfortunately , the dry erase markers are terribly messy and DO NOT erase !! So we are left with a magnet pen and stencils . My advice is do not waste your money on the bells and whistles , the original has obviously stood the test of time !
 I purchased another brand at a local store about a year ago and they were awesome ! -LRB- well ... if you like bugs -RRB- These bugs looked more like they were picked up off the ground and put in the boxes . Just not real detailed and a little , &#34; dead . &#34; However , that is because I had something to compare to . Maybe if you 've never seen them before , you will like . Just OK .
 This flimsy plane lasted for two very short `` flights '' -LRB- 7 seconds -RRB- before the crash damage rendered it useless . I bought a Firefly for my daughter 's birthday . It was the `` big '' present , out of all her presents - the one she was looking forward to the most . Out of the box I noticed that it was kinda flimsy - very thin styrofoam wings . When discharging the battery as instructed by the manual , by holding it in hand while powering the props , I noticed that about halfway through the charge , in `` climb '' mode for both engines , one engine seemed to have less power -LRB- I noticed it more by sound rather than revolution or pull -RRB- . The next day we tried it out . I told my 8 year old daughter I 'd fly it for the first few flights until she could watch and learn the controls and their effects enough to control it . Our first flight lasted 5 seconds , until the plane turned and took a nose dive from about 3 feet off the ground . When I picked it up , I noticed a slight nick in the wing behind one engine and surmised that the wind must have flex forward enough for the prop to take a bite out of it . The second flight lasted two seconds - enough time for the plane to turn and dive , again from about three feet off the ground . The second crash broke the tail . That was it . I paid $ 50 for 7 seconds of `` enjoyment '' . I know Megatech has a replacement guarantee , but what fool would pay this company another $ 40 for another 7 seconds of `` enjoyment '' . Fool me once , shame on you . Fool me twice shame on me .
 If you 're wanting an RC Helicopter , go ahead and spend more money to get a better , bigger one .
 It does n't fly as well as they say but it was fun while it lasted - for all of one day . I bought the replacement parts but it did n't help make it work again . You should not buy this !
 My husband and I play Bohnanza frequently and love it . We wanted to give this expansion a try . However , when we got it , we found out that it requires a minimum of 3 players , not two like the original and like they advertise it . We have n't been able to try it out yet since we mainly just play with two . So ignore what amazon says as the directions say 3 + players .
 this game seemed like a good idea but it broke the first time we used it . My child continued to play with the `` pearls '' -LRB- they float -RRB- but we used the rest of it as a dog-doo scooper .
 I bought this pool last summer , i had to throw it away about a week ago . . birds were landing on it & drinking out of it and they popped tiny little holes in the pool . -LRB- I could n't find the holes to patch . . just as well . -RRB- It lasted 2 summers , NOT a record for us.I bought a snapset pool because it 's not inflatable . The one i had was yellow , but same idea , inflatable bottom/3 ring pool . Because of it 's fragile disposition i can only give it a 2 star rating.The kids loved it while it lasted . .
 I 'm just like everyone else who bought this product . I 'm so genetically deviant I actually mistook this third world mistake for that great game I saw in an arcade called Dance Dance Revolution . Sure that game used a monitor , sound system , and a computer to make a fun game but I thought that this piece of plastic with lights on it could do the same . Then I opened it and suprise ! It did n't even make sound ! Not only that but instead of using an intelligent system like scrolling arrows in sync with music to show you your next dance steps it just blinked lights on the floor that while unnaturally staring down at you have to spastically smash with your feet . ...
 This toy deserves no stars ! It took longer to put the batteries in than it did for my daughters to tire of this toy . It played no music and only provided small lights for the girls to `` dance '' on . It was an extremely disappointing purchase !
 I was very excited about this toy , blinking lights , jumping around , lots of silly beeps -LRB- so I thought -RRB- . I was thinking of the toy piano from `` Big '' when I purchased it . When we opened the package , the first thing we noticed was the smell , which was an awful overpowering stench of plastic . Then we saw how huge this game is . I have to put it in my kitchen to get hard surface large enough to lay it out.We put the batteries and turned it on , lots of blinking lights that made no sense even after reading the directions . The game would magically start on it 's own , and just randomly blink . We could not get it work as described when we wanted it to work.There is no included music , beeps or whatever , just some sad , lonely blinking lights that would be extremely easy to overlook if you actually got the game working in the first place.My 4 1/2 year old , who loves to dance , looked at it for approximately 30 seconds , my 10 year old did n't even give it a second glance.I gave it 5 stars for durability because if I do n't return it , then it will last forever in my garage collecting cobwebs .
 Very uninspiring toy . For some real fun try Dance Dance Revolution for the Playstation and soon the PS2
 My 8 year old daughter and I set up her new Dance Maker 2 . We were very disappointed that the unit makes no music . It does not even emit any rhythmic sounds . Apparently , you are supposed to play your own music while moving your feet to some moving lights on a control panel . There is a way to control the speed of the lights , and thus the movements , but there is no way to synchronize the Dance Maker 2 with the beat of the music you play on your CD or tape player . The effect is to make dancing more difficult , not easier . This is a product that does n't live up to its promise . It 's a big disappointment for my daughter . It 's going right back .
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY CHILDREN AGES 10 AND 11 . I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE LIKE THE ARCADE GAME THAT YOU DANCE TO THE BEAT . I WAS SO WRONG THE KIDS TRIED IT A COUPLE OF TIME . THEY SAID IT WAS NO FUN IT WAS IN THE GARAGE SELL THAT SUMMER
 Shame on everyone selling this alleged toy . A lump of coal in all of your stockings . How sad for any child to open this as a gift , only to be crushed when he or she realizes it 's just a sham . How sad & foolish I felt when I received the call from my daughter , letting me know there was no music and the mat lights do not appear to follow any particular pattern for any type of music you might add , which you would have to do since the Dance Maker II does not include music . Just the random flashing light . I think those of us who fell for this alleged toy , should all receive a compensation of a gift certificate so we can attempt to make up for the let down these shams produced on Christmas morning .
 Please do n't waste your money on this toy . My six-year old daughter , who loves music & dancing , got this for Christmas . What a cheesy product -- the blinking lights were not on the mats -- they were just on the electronic pad in the center . After just three days of play , the mats tore away from the center pad . We decided to return it and get something that would last .
 Hard to follow lights on pad while dancing . Thought that they were actually teaching certain dance steps not just random lighting . Hard for 5 year old , 8 year old had better concept .
 The information provided led me to think that this was the mat I needed to purchase with the Dance Dance Rev. DVD that I bought at the same time . So as a result I came away with two products that were useless relative to my plan . With no sound young children are not drawn to this product .
 I thought this would be great for my granddaughters but when we tried to use it they had some problems following the lights.They ended up just jumping on it which made me think I hadwasted my money . May be for some children this is a good buy , but for my household it was not ! Sorry !
 My nieces -LRB- 3 and 5 -RRB- had trouble using this game . The electronics seemed to work only intermittently . And , it was hard for them to follow the lights .
 This is just a horrible piece of ... stuff . I highly reccomend Konami 's DDR MAX with a Dance Pad Revolution for the Playstation 2 or a Dance Dance Revolution
 I get the idea , but it 's awful . Slightest `` miss '' and your player will hit their hand on the bar , unrealistic ball placement , unnatural swing . Good idea , but the design needs work . We threw it away . Wasted money .
 I bought this as a gift for my grandaughter . First of all there were no instructions or any kind of material with it . We did figure it out on our own . Also , a long metal pole with a semi-circle on the the end is not worth $ 78.00 . There is nothing to it . She did keep it and hopefully she will be able to use it .
 My 22 month old daughter enjoys playing with the letters but gets very frustrated when it 's time to put them away . The case will only close if you have the tiles in `` just right '' and it pops open easily , spilling the tiles . Also , the entire alphabet is not represented and the number sides are not in color . This could have been an excellent toy but it falls short in my opinion . The only reason my daughter plays with it at all is because she is fascinated with letters . As soon as I purchase letter shaped fridge magnets , I 'm sure she wo n't even look at this toy .
 I would strongly recommend NOT buying this pool to any and everybody who is thinking about it . The slide looks soo much fun . Well - unless you weigh 10lbs ... you will not be able to slide down the slide . I have a 6 year old ,4 year old and 2 1/2 year old and the only one that can come close to using the slide is my 2 1/2 year old son . And even he has to push his way down the slide.The slide also is supposed to conenct to the bottom of the pool ... it doesnt stay connected.The water that comes down on the slide does not help . The only thing the kids can really use is the pool itself ... forget about the slide . Its a waste of money . DO NOY BUY !!!! Its a piece of junk .
 This pool is a the worst constructed pool I have ever seen and my 6 year old niece that I bought it for , severly hurt herself when the slide detached from the pool . The pool arrived with a hole in the slide section which we patched in order to put it up , the sprayer dislodged from the slide and the slide slipped off the pool causing injury .
 It takes forever to fill the slide part . You have to hold the water hose and wait for it to fill the double portion of the slide -LRB- they dono ' t connect together -RRB- . If you do not put enough water in the slide before you add air the top of the slide sinks in . My daughter loves it , but it 's way to big to leave up and it keeps getting holes in it . It took me well over an hour to set it up and the water part of the slide is soo huge that I ca n't leave it where it is . I ended up grabbing a plastic slide that we had in the yard and putting it in the pool for her to slide down . It is very difficult and time consuming , but my daughter did enjoy all of my work . Wish I had more time and my back could handle leaning over forever .
 We bought the Splash Bomb Water Slide locally last Spring . The 7year old and 14 year old had such a great time with it , we kind of splurged and got 3 slip ` n slides to replace it when it finally tore after about 10 hours of hard use.The first one we put up was the Aqua Leisure Spray and Slide Family Pool . The design looked great , and if it could have only held air , it might have been really fun . But the air plugs would n't hold and we were forever adding air to all the bladders , and it tore quickly . Nice design , horrible fabrication.Shark 's Revenge Water Slide was our next slide to assemble . The slide is long , but did n't have the comfort advantage of an inflated slide . Plus , it had this odd shark head part that 1 -RRB- had an odd sized port for adding water , and 2 -RRB- was n't stable enough to stand up so the kids could slide through it . Bottom line was that while it looked fun in the pics , it was n't worth the money for just a long piece of vinyl.Our third replacement took us back to the Splash Bomb , and it was the hit of the birthday party last weekend for the now-8-year-old . We had kids from 3 to 30 jumping in and loving it . And it was sturdy enough to go through that without getting torn . Splash Bomb gets my heartiest endorsement .
 Looked nice in the picture , but had a manufacturing defect . The air chamber at the bottom of the slide was n't sealed and did n't hold air . So , of course the slide did n't work . Also , the first time we emptied the pool , the plug ripped out . Contacted the manufacturer via e-mail for a replacement , but never got an answer . Very disappointed .
 My family is very disappointed in this item , the slide is n't a slide at all . It sits so far back from the pool that there is n't a slope in it . The hooks in the pool to hold the slide in place do n't actually hold the slide in place . We have used it twice and i ca n't get my kids to want to play in it anymore . If you take the slide out there are a couple black things that you have to be careful to not sit on . WOULD NOT BUY THIS AGAIN OR REFER IT TO A FRIEND .
 My twins wanted this software and we made them pay half . Turns out they got very bored with it quickly . I would not recommend this unless you get it at a very cheap price .
 Bought for my son . Bought size 3 and was too small and are like size 1 . Did n't bother to return .
 The product itself is good however the sizing is quite off . I bought a size 2.5 for my 10 y/o daughter and they were at least one size too small .
 OK these guys look cool in the box and are huge I give them that . I bought all four because I wanted to set them up on a shelf because they do look cool . Unfortunately when you take them out of the box they barely stand up and only do in one pose . Since they are all cut from the same mold it just looks like they are all the same just different colors . They have 4 points of movement on their hands yet they barely hold their weapons . I would n't even go as far as to say holding their weps , more like balancing in place and hope someone does n't breath on them so they fall off . The box says `` Super Poseable ! 31 points of articulation for action hero moves ! '' I was hoping to set them up in all sorts of cool poses with their weps but the only way to get them to stand up in by standing them all the same way which looks pretty weak . You cant even turn their heads different ways . Overall I was pretty upset with this purchase and would suggest anyone else who purchases them for display purposes to just leave them in the box . Also good luck on kids playing with these since they do n't hold their weapons .
 I did n't buy this bending tool with amazon , I got it from Micromark.com they even cost more $ 15 + shipping . stupid me ! They are the same K&S ; mini bend tool sold here . K&S ; have nice and good products but not this one.The metal of this tool is so soft that can eat up with fewer than 20 bend with a 1/8 '' music wire . Yeap ! less than 20 bend , this tool is done . not to mention the bending base -LRB- square piece -RRB- side wall is not even . I ca n't have it hold on the bench vise . Also the pin fall out . what a joke!This is a good idea but bad design with a bad material tool . Do n't buy it , waste of money ! 0 star
 PROBLEM WITH BENDER THERE ARE NO INSTRUCTION ON HOW TO INSERT ROD AND HOW TO USE THE ARM - BUILT WELL BUT TRIED EVERY WAY POSSIBLE . THEN JUST THREW IT ON THE WORK BENCH . WILL ORDER ONE WITH PINS THAT CAN BE MOVED .
 My grandson was very disappointed to have a toy that did n't have all of the pieces . We went through the box several times and they were n't there . Would n't recommend buying it on-line . Go to the store and go through the box .
 This statue was a disappointment for the price paid . It was cheap looking and not at all what was expected . Compared to other Bowen Design pieces already owned , this was not worth the money . It was very expensive and should have been returned but it was a gift .
 This has got to be the worse item of all magic tricks ever designed ! Its super small , about 2 inches and is NOT what the seller discribes ! Dont fall for the deception as I did !! Its actual garbage , that 's where it belongs !
 The delivered small bag of scrap cut-offs did not match 1/4 of the size or quantity of the picture . The actual tubes were mostly 1/2 '' and less in length making this product garbage and not useable for any purpose . Disappointed .
 Well , lesson learned . I should have read the reviews . So , now I too am disappointed . These toys are so small they are practically a chocking hazard . What a shock when I saw them . If the price was $ 3.99 ... ok ... but at $ 7.99 I feel ripped off and beyond disappointed .
 These are cute toys , but unfortunately i did n't read the reviews before hand . They are tiny , with shipping and handling it cost me $ 10.98 for four tiny bath tub toys . Its not worth returning them , what with paying the return shipping , but I definetly would n't suggest them . So cute but WAY too pricey for the size of product .
 THESE SQUIRTERS ARE VERY VERY SMALL :--LRB- . I WAS EXPECTING THEM TO BE A LOT LARGER FOR THE PRICE . SO DISAPPOINTING .
 These squirters are really pretty junky for a number of reasons . First , they are VERY hard to squirt . I have a hard time filling them with water and squirting them ; needless to say , my preschooler ca n't do it . Second , they do n't float well . The one of Dora on a seahorse just falls over to the side and sometimes is upside down . Because of these , my son -LRB- who is a rabid Dora fan -RRB- does n't seem to enjoy them or even play with them . I think they 're destined for the trash can . If you 're looking for a much better quality squirter , try the Sassy Bathtime Pals .
 They 're cute & that 's all I say . They fall over do n't squit well . Plus , the pait chips really bad & I did n't have them that long ! They are not a must have !
 I loved the fact that the squirters were Dora , but for me being an adult I had a hard time filling up the squirters with water and pressing them to squirt . The squirters were too hard to use .
 I read the reviews for this product AFTER I ordered them . The toys are much smaller than I expected , and they do n't do a good job of squirting water out . My twins played with them at first because they love Dora , but were bored soon afterward .
 Received product in a timely manner . I was disappointed on how many pieces were worped .
 This doll is so ugly . I hate the clothes , makeup -- EVERYTHING ! I got it for my birthday , but I never liked Meygan and I am glad they replaced her with Dana . As I said I got it for my birthday I asked for a Nevra Surfari Doll , but this was the only one left -LRB- I wonder Why -RRB- The clothes are not the best clothes I 've seen so far . And the neck broke off the second day I got it . Also in the picture she has straght hair , but when I got it she had these curls that I did n't really like and I could n't comb . So if you want a doll that you can play and brush her hair this is not the one . The only real use for this doll is for collectors and should only stay in the box untouched ... FOREVER -LRB- Or of course it will break -RRB- If you want to argue with me be my guest-write it in a further revie ~ ~ ~ * Michelle * ~ ~ ~
 this doll have the uglyst topp i ver see zebra something like that meygan haves always hair like orange why slumberparty too it must be red but slumberparty was funky she was pretty but wildlife safari hmm green eyes is not her best colour i think
 I love these dolls they are sow diferent than the other dolls nevra and fianna are te most prettyist they are the best sow buy these 2 toys but i do n't like yasmin i have here wild life safarie she is sow lame i do n't have fun with here sow i throw here away goodbye ugly bratz.sow meygan is little bit too orange cloe tto white and yasmin ielll !!!! nevra is brown and have nice clothes fianna have red lipstick great !!! sow these too dolls are sow great
 i do n't mean to be mean or anything but i was really really really dissapointed with this brat , in so many wayz . i never really liked meygan really , but anyway someone gave this thing to me as a gift so i had no choice ... anyways i think the clothes she came with where kinda ... ummmm ... . ugly , -LRB- whats up with that vest thing ???? -RRB- maybe x ` cept her second outfit . and her hair oh my gosh !!!!!!!!!!!!!! well it was kinda cute and curly on one side -LRB- sorta like feathered and 70 's ish -RRB- ... . but on the other side it was all flat and life-less , whats the deal there ? then shes got these weird baby poo brown streaks in her hair , i 've never seen anyones hair that color before . but anyway , to say the least , this doll is not what you want ...
 50 '' wing span my hind end . Do n't waste your money . Go to Wal-Mart or Target . This product was cheap and not at all what I ordered . Where did it say in the product discription that I would get a 22 inch kite with rainbow colors ? No where that is where . Second purchase that I hate .
 cloe is a nice doll but i do n't wanne have here because she is lame she is sow white and here hair haves a weird coller but she is better than yasmin yasmin is sow lame too and ugly AND ` LOOK &Agrave;T ` HER ` CLOTHES disgusting HERE ` BOOTS &Agrave;RE ` REALLY ` BIG ` NEVRA &Agrave;ND ` FIANNA ` RULES !!!
 hmm she is not pretty but i hate it she is ugly she is sow ... she sucks it is not a doll but a alien ikeep it by barbies
 Ewww ... . This teaches you nothing ! Oh yeah , i forgot , it shows you hove to be a bratt , VERY bad role-modle , and how to be a show-offy jerk !!!!! They dont even look pretty ! There is one place or home for them
 I do not have this toy but I know that Bratz look funny.Their feet look strange.Wost of all is it.I have one Bratz doll . I rated this toy 1 star educational because what does it teach you ? how to look better ? . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I was very disappointed in the net in this set -- there was a rip after only a few minutes of play in the bathtub , the first time we used it . I would expect toys made for young kids to be slightly more durable than this !
 The dimensions given are not accurate . Truck body is much shorter than listed . We will be returning this product . Very disappointed .
 My son loves Dora and we are teaching him letters , so this seemed like a great product for him . But , when I opened the package the whole bathroom was filled with the smell of harsh chemicals and plastic . I was shocked by the strength of the smell and tried to wash the letters off in the sink . After a few minutes of washing the letters still smelled terrible , so I put them in an open bag in another room . The next day I expected the smell to have diminished , but the smell was just as strong so I decided to throw them out.I can not express how strong and offensive the smell was . It really made me scared to have them near my child . Please save your money and do not purchase these letters .
 I bought these for my daughter when she was about 2 1/2 . I just replaced them with a more `` plain '' set from Munchkin.Positives : * They are thicker than some and the Boots and Dora foam shapes have been an added bonus . * My daughter had a lot of fun , imaginative play with them . These shapes have been stacked into `` birthday cakes '' in addition to their obvious use - helping her to recognize letters and numbers.Negatives : * The reason that I had to replace them was because the printing peeled off of them leaving a really unattractive brown/tan color showing through that makes them look dirty . I will admit that my daughter probably helped the process along by picking at them once they started peeling . I eventually had to take them away because there were bits of peeled gunk left in the tub after she bathed.Overall , if they had been more durable , I would say this is one of the better letter sets I 've had . But , because of the peeling I have to recommend that there are more simple , just as functional sets out there for less money .
 Bratz dolls are about fashion and I think personally they are n't a good inspiration for kids . If you do n't want your kids to grow up to strut down the highschool building talking about how they 're better than everyone else , it may help not to buy this . But it may not . But overall , Bratz are weird .
 I dont ' t like fianna bratz . I think that her hair is verry soft . You almost ca n't come it . Her eyes are ugly . her make up couloir is weared . And she is ugly too . I dont ' t like white dolls . fianna is sow lame she scks i have her and guess i hate it her make up is ugly the dollis alsow ugly too . If you buy this doll you most bee insagne . Alle the bratz are ugly -LSB- ... -RSB- her . IEUWWWWWWW ! I like notting and that is better
 i have fianna funk out drama queen she haves the same clothes like the other bartz nevra to that 's weard all the bratz must have they one style nevra to she is pretty and fianna to but get your one style stupid bartz i give nevra 1 star and fianna 1 star to
 Most of the time , even in relatively strong wind , this kite has a difficult time staying in the air . It 'll fly for a while , but the balance is relatively poor , so it likes to take fast trips straight to the ground with little or no notice . :\ Oh well . It 's pretty . Just not the best kite .
 I never wrote a review before because I always believe products are hit or miss , but this game is poorly made it cant be played properly . The game can be educational , but with the white clips coming undone and and the pictures constently falling off you will get to frustated to finish . I guess things are not made like they used to .
 There 's no doubt this game is lots of fun and my 4 1/2 yr old and 6 yr old have lots of fun playing it . HOWEVER , the very poor construction of this toy is beyond frustrating . The initial assembly of the game took a great deal of time punching out all the flimsy cardboard cards and inserting them into the tiny plastic flip-card holders . Once you pop the holders into all their individual spots , they do nothing but continuously pop out . You ca n't flip two of them up or down without having at least one pop completely out or becoming askew enough that it wo n't flip properly . `` Mom help me put this back together '' is all I hear after every round and often during each round . Maybe the other versions of Guess Who are a little sturdier , I personally do n't know , but I would definitely pass on this Littlest Pet Shop version . I could possibly accept this kind of quality from a $ 5 game , but not for the $ 14.99 I paid for it .
 I ca n't tell you how excited we were to find a mint condition Tripoly game in a special edition tin . However , our excitment was short lived . The seller covered the tin box with about 1/8 thick bubble wrap and two very thin -LRB- 1/16 in . -RRB- insulating board on top and bottom then covered it in plain brown paper . Needless to say the package came dented in 3 places and one corner crushed . We do n't have time to return and look for another one . This is a collectable item sold by individuals on Amazon , so I guess we 'll try to straighten it as best we can , and put it under the tree anyway . I do n't blame the carrier for this one . It is just sad that common sense packaging was not used . You can tell that this was in excellent condition as advertized before shipping . I would not recommend this seller to anyone else .
 Okay ... you little kids have a serious problem . I do n't even think you like these stupid little dolls of yours ... I mean how can you play with them when you spend all your time fighting and insulting other little kids through the internet . if these dolls are as good as you think and say they are ... SHUT UP AND PLAY WITH THEM!P.S.parents , do n't read these reviews . More than half of them are actually arguments by little dorky girls that have nothing better to do with their lives than play with bratz or barbies and insult people through the internet.P.P.S . NOTE TO ALL LITTLE DOLL-PLAYING PEOPLE
 the only dike dolls around here are bratz thankyouverymuch my scene will forever be better
 I think that bratz are good toys . But this brat is a verry ugly doll . I hope that god hase murcy to the ones who have this doll . Her hair is ugly it 's all ugly and big . Her clothes are ugly too . And those boots ... DISGUSTING !! . Finally i think this doll looks like a bad impration of a lame barbie doll.Jasmin is a ugly DOLL !!!!
 yasmin is sow pretty NOT she is disgusting i hate her face mga says that she is the boss of all of the bratz `` NO ` SHE ` DOES N'T ` SHE ` MUST ` BE &Agrave; ` SLAVE &Ograve;F ` THE &Ograve;THER ` BRATZ ` SOW ` GET &Ograve;UT &Ugrave;GLY ` BRATZ ` YOU ` SUCK &Agrave;ND ` YOU &Agrave;RE ` SOW ` LAME
 hmm ... . yasmin wase my first bratz i like her my second bratz wase she too slumber party little bit shockt !! she have purple eyes in holland and evreything was purple not pretty my thirt bratz i have cameron from the bartz boys ther ware only dylan and cameron so i choose cameron i like him but now hes burring me up with his blond her blue eyes pff . . orange clothes i want a new bratz but which whan ????????? at least i buy sasha slumber party because she wase really cheap now i waithing for wild life safari doll nevra and funk out of her is out but hmm ... i like her wild life safari more because than she haves allot of clothes and funk out i already have the boots and the skirt is pissen me offff ?? nevra you not a shame but come out in holland please .
 hi I 'm 13 and I do n't think it 's right to let young girls play with such hoochy dolls at such a young age Barbie and all of their products are very mom and girl friendly Barbie is a legend and I think she should carry on forever Mom 's what dolls did u play with and own or want to own?Barbies let 's respect them Bratz will probally not even last until 2008 and they do n't know how to spell It 's Brats Hun Not Bratz
 I do n't like this doll , which is too bad because Yazmin is my favorite Bratz character . Winter Wonderland Yazmin is the coolest though . . But ... I just do n't know about THIS doll ... I just ... do n't like her ...
 Partridge I agree with you completey !! I remember what an impact barbie had on me at that age , and barbie even dresses a little bit to much on the edge , but atleast her make up is n't so over done , and she does n't have a humongous additude problem !
 These are the reasons Bratz SUCK ! 1 . They have big heads .2 . They wear unappropriate clothing .3 . They have big lips .4 . Bobble noses .5 . Stuff too expensive .6 . Stuff breaks .7 . Stuff spelt wrong .8 . When you say `` Spoilt BRAT '' to someone you mean stupid brat .9 . Too big .10 . In bratz babyz have you seen babies dressed like that ? 11 . Bratz hair is bad quality .12 . In sun kissed summer , kids go out to get sun kissed and get burnt ! 13 . Bratz styling heads are small .14 . When you lean over a Bratz styling head to get a hairband , star points prick you .15 . Bratz wear heavy make-up .16 . In ` Bratz live in concert ' Bratz have checkered lips ! 17 . Bratz song is stupid .18 . Bratz have no proper history .19 . Bratz have big feet on cartoons .20 . Bratz teach kids things they 're supposed to think about when they 're 12.21 . Bratz are too skinny .22 . Bratz encourage kids to get ears pierced .23 . In ` Bratz treasures ' , it goes Bratz with the passion for pirate fashion ! BRATZ LIKE PIRATE FASHION , LAME ! 24 . Bratz come with accessories kids swallow or lose .25 . Bratz hats are hard to put on .26 . In pretty n punk , you ca n't be pretty and punk , it should be , Ugly with spunk!Bratz stink!No 1 Bratz hater.I am Esther Bronwen Lowde .
 THIS IS A SCHOCK FOR ME i just buy 'd yasmin but i have regrate now!I wanted to do something different so i thought in stead of barbies i am gon na try a bratz.And then i bought jasmin in the store and when i pulled her from the box -LRB- finally -RRB- She was there staring at me then i played wit her an the head fell of i ripped down the clothes because they hurt my eyes when i look at it.It is a ugly mo on her face.Now i have fianna and i am happy . PS JASMIN SUCKSSSS
 Does n't anyone else see anything wrong with a toy aimed at the 6-9 year-old girl demographic whose reviews include the word sexy ? Should children be playing with toys that are `` on the prowl '' for boys ?
 Hello first i want to say this is my apeinon.I bought this toy today and i was first glad.then i opened the box and i brushed her hair MISTAKE !!! Her hair falled of and not a litlle bit almost EVERYTHINGAnd then i thought well the clothes hase tobe nice then i saw the most UGLYIST boots and skirt and almost all her clothes were awfull . I wanted to throw it away but i thought no i give it to my cousin . BUT SHE DOESNT WANTED THE DOLL she said give it to a junky but this ois my storie.P.S FIANNA aND NEVRA ARE tHE BEST !!!
 1 . She 's just verry verry ugly i tought bratz are supposed to be pretty ? 2 . What 's on her face ? it looks like a big animal or something it is just verry verry a turn-of3 . Her clothes the skirt whith the panty under it it looks like she was fired of a circustent.Then there are the MOST UGLY shoe 's i ever seen it is zebra stripes or somethinfg what does it means ??? Her bag is a awful thing it should be burned her whole outfit should be burned ! 4 . Her skintone is yellow or orange it is a verry ugly colour LISA IS RIGHT her skintone is yellow!alright -LRB- ... -RRB-
 yasmin is a ugly bratz she have something on her faca a beautymark !! i hate this bratz.i have yasmin slumberparty and guess i hate it she have pink purple eyes and pink lipstick too match pink for me and by wild life safari she haves a yellow skin maby is is not ` yellow but it looks like yellow my favorite bratz are nevra and fianna i cant choose between these two they are pretty
 OKAY !! MY SCENE ARE SOOOOOOOOO MUCH BETTER THAN THESE DOPEY BRATZ DOLLS !!! HERE ARE REASONS : BRATZ COPEYED MY SCENEMY SCENE CAME OUT FIRST BRATZ SECONDBRATZ ARE UGLY MY SCENE GORGEOUS !! BRATZ WEAR EARRINGS AND MY SCENE DOES N'T ! -LRB- BECAUSE EARRINGS ARE INAPROPRIATE -RRB- MY SCENE IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CUETER THAN BRATZ !!!! BRATZ ARE LAME . AND THEY ENCOURAGE KIDS TO DRINK BEER!BRATZ ARE UhHhHhHhHhHGLY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I hate Bratz and Bratz fans are ugly ! bratz fans drink beer and they are lazy and swear all the tyme!my scene fans are good and do as they7 are told . abd bratz are dumb dumb heads ! my mommy even told me my scene is so my more coolier than bratz !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! a mother apinin always coutns !!!!!!!!!!! so there !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BRATZ DROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL ... MY SCENE RULLLLLLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ... MY SCENE ACTUALLY LOOK LIKE REAL PEOPLE BRATZ LOOK LIKE RATS FROM OUTER SPACE!BRATZ ARE STOPPID . . HERE ARE BAD THINGS BRATZ FANS DO : they hate godthey swearthey get their ears peircedthey wear high heelsthey drink beer.they act cool.they go swimming in a 2 peice.they hate my scene.they hate their parents.they hate thier family.they hate life.they want to die.they blow up houses for no reason.bratz fans are baad news ! my scene are good girls and my mommy even said so herself !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They bratz are the devil 's friends and will eat her !!!!!!!!!! read my review and be careful ... PS - - I HATE ALL YOU LAMO BRATZ FANS !!!!!! YOU CANTSA EVEAN SPEL !!!!!!!!!!!
 I feel , in my opinion , that these dolls are very inapropriet for the recommended age of these dolls . 6-10 is the recommended age , do you think a 6 yr old should be exposed to such poorly dressed figures ? I think these toys are out , setting bad examples to the kids across the country , dressed in barely ANY clothing ... Some kids feel they need to be that perfect figure that their `` Doll '' has , which is just WRONG ... I 'm personally not a fan of the `` Barbie '' but these dolls just put the icing on the cake . That is my opinion , please do not take it offensively . Thanks : -RRB-
 you bratz fans act like these dolls are the only dolls to buy this is the uglyiest doll on earth !!!!!! why is there a war between dolls you never gave the myscene dolls a chance just because of the way they look !!!!!!!!! i like them both and you should to , well at least you better !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 to imitate all the obsessed mindless people -LRB- namely that B word , Kiss up to bratz -RRB- to try to say that my scene suckz because they `` copied '' their godz .
 THIS THING IS THE UGLIEST TOY I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE . IT IS NOT APPROPRIATE FOR KIDS , AND LOOK AT WHAT IT IS WEARING THOSE ARE THE UGLIEST CLOTHES . WELL IF YOU EVEN WANT TOO CALL THEM CLOTHES AND LOOK AT IT 'S HEAD IT LOOKS LIKE A BOBBLE HEAD AND IT IS WAY TO BIG FOR HER UGLY BODY . AND HER UGLY LIPS AND HER UGLY EYES AND HER UGLY PURSE AND HER UGLY HAT AND HER UGLY EARRINGS AND HER UGLY NAME AND HER UGLY FEET HER UGLY BRUSH AND HER UGLY SUNGLASSES AND HER UGLY HAIR . I LOVE BARBIE SHE IS THE MOST LOVELY DOLL . I COULD SAY 1,000 GREAT THINGS ABOUT HER . BUT I COULD SAY 1,000 HORRIBLE THINGS ABOUT BRATZ . THERE IS NOTHING , NOTHING I LIKE ABOUT BRATZ . OH AND BY THE WAY WHAT KIND OF NAME IS BRATZ ??????
 This toy looks like a sturdy , quality , wooden toy ; however , my 7 month old threw it from her highchair onto our wooden kitchen floor and the main circle broke in half . Think twice before buying .
 This swing was a Christmas gift for my youngest daughter . It does not stay together . The seat pops off of the swing , and if the doll has any weight to it at all it does n't swing . The fabric also comes off the frame . You are better off buying a real baby swing at a flea market or ebay . Very disappointed in this product . I would not give this product any stars but that is not an option . You have to select 1-5 .
 I had previously read the poor reviews for this swing . Knowing that it was Fisher Price ... and they should know a thing or two about SAFETY FOR BABIES ... I figured the reviewers had to be not putting it together properly . The idea that the back would collapse the minute you put a doll in it . That 's silly . So I bought it . My husband and I very carefully assembled it -- even double checked eachother . It was correct . We put Baby Annabelle in it - the back collapsed . Now Annabelle is a larger doll to be sure , but the box says it is for 12-18 inch dolls . Annabelle falls into that category . We tried a smaller , 12 inch doll - this one is light as a feather . If you place it in SUPER careful ... it stays . If not , baby is instantly laying down flat . My daughter thinks it 's a bed . Just great . I already have a doll crib . So , tonight it is going back . I will say that it is REALLY REALLY Cute to look at though . And I loved the idea of it matching our real travel baby swing . If you want it to use as a swinging bed , or just use the bouncer seat option , it 's great . For a sit up swing ... they forgot about the sit up part . Perhaps they should have tested it first .
 I have to agree with other recent reviewers that this is junk . My 2 1/2 year old received this as a Christmas gift . Our cover does not have the mesh sides that are shown in this picture above - perhaps that is the difference between the good reviews and the bad ones . I think if it did , the seat cover would n't pop off and it would help to keep the seat in the proper position . Ours just flops back and is pretty much * the * most useless toy we have in the house . Unfortunately I 've already tossed out the box , otherwise I would definitely be seeking an exchange . Very disappointing .
 I bought this swing because it was Fisher Price and thought it would be sturdier than the others I saw . We ca n't get the swing to stay in the upright position . When baby doll is in the swing , it barely swings because of the extra weight AND the little belt that should be so fun for a 4 year old to fasten over her baby is impossible even for an adult to manage ! Cloth cover does n't stay on and it is not easy to pop carrier on and off . The 3 - in - 1 idea is baloney . VERY disappointed . Now we have to explain to our daughter how we can return a gift that SANTA brought her ! Arg .
 I agree with the other reviews that stated that the swing kept falling apart . My daughter too , was dissapointed and frusterated at the swing wihthin hours of receiving in on Christmas morning . Every time she put her baby doll in it , the swing would fall off . We returned the swing to the store the next day . We also purchased and returned the highchair that matches this set . The food tray kept falling off . Highly dissapointed .
 We purchased this for my 27 month old daughter who LOVES to play with her babies . We assembled it very carefully and it worked great until she moved it . She carried it from one room to the other and the next thing we knew the thing quit working completely ! She was so sad & it made us very frustrated . Fisher-Price should test this thing with children before putting it on the shelf . Sham on you . We will be returning this for another brand & kind of doll swing . Deserves 0 stars .
 This is the first review that I am writing . I bought this toy from Toy 's R Us for my 4 year old daughter for Christmas . She was so excited to get . The first time she put a doll in it , the back part of the seat immediately collpased !! I thought hat maybe this one had a defect . So , I went back to the store and sxchanged it for another one . Well , the same thing happened . Not only does the back part of the seat collapse , but the seat itself comes snaps off all the time and the seat cover also comes off . I am so disappointed that Fisher Price would put their name this product . Do not buy it . It 's a waste of money . I will try to go back to Toys R Us and return it all together , but we threw away the box !
 The cloth seat cover will not stay on and the `` adjustable '' seat fell clear back to the floor on the one we received . I paid more for this swing , thinking I was paying for quality , I was very disappointed .
 Swing is a lot cheaper than it looks . It does n't hold an 18 inch baby doll very well - more suited for a 12 inch doll . The swing wo n't stay together . The part that holds the baby comes off from the swing every time my 2 yr old daughter puts her baby in it . I paid a little more for this swing thinking I was paying for quality ... but save your money it 's not as nice as it looks .
 When I saw this swing , I thought it was adorable . I have two daughters so of course I had to buy two swings It is true as other customers stated , the thing falls apart the minute any doll is put into it . If you have a baby Anabel , you can forget about getting this swing . she is way too heavy . I tell you by the end of Chrismas morning , these swings were in the garbage . they were completely useless . My daughter kept the cloth seat part to tie around her body as a baby carrier , so she did get some joy out of it for a little while .
 I purchased this swing for my 3.5 year old for Christmas . Easy to assemble-was hoping for as good an outcome with my daughter . Unfortunately , every time she puts a baby -LRB- 17 '' - Baby Annabell ~ Zapf -RRB- in the swing , the seat comes unattached from the swing itself . The seat was removable for a child to play with it independent from the swing however , it comes off every time my daughter tries to put a baby in the swing . To reattach , is a true hassle -LRB- the brackets that hold the seat are hard to snap into place w/o bending the swing itself -RRB- . My daughter is already mad with the swing and we 've only had it one day ! This toy will be going back to the store ASAP !
 I bought this as a gift for my two daughters , ages 8 and 4 . This toy looks very realistic and seems to work really well as a swing . The problem is that taking the seat off and putting it back on -LRB- to convert between swing and booster seat -RRB- is extremely difficult and can not be done by a child . If you are buying this for a young child to use as a doll swing then I would recommend it , but if you are buying it for the 3 in 1 ... I would not recommend it . It is not made to be converted back and forth .
 Hi . Adults are pretty dumb sometimes !! I got this swing 4 Christmas , & i like it . My complaints
 I purchased the whole Ocean Wonder Set for my grand children and was very upset Christmas Eve when I tried to assemble them and could not make them snap together , or to stay together . The cloth coverings were too small and would not fit on . My Christmas present was a big disappointment to my family . I was even more disappointed in the product and could not believe that Fisher Price marketed such cheap quality products . I have always purchased Fisher Price but will not trust their name again .
 This was such a mess to try and put together . We ended up taking it back and getting the graco pack in play , which thankfully is already put together !
 We have had two of these now . Each one had a different problem . Putting it together was not the issue it was the music box and mobile . First one , music box did not work . So we exchanged it for anohter . This time the music works but the wind-up mobile only rotates a quarter turn and stops . THe music is terrible and the so-called ocean sound is not that good . My daugter is rather dissappoinited with this after the second try . And wants to return it for a different ` type ' she said .
 I gave this as a gift and was disappointed in its performance . It barely moved . The Critter Windup that I gave to another person was a better performer and danced around nicely . This Pintacuda just is n't interesting and felt like wasted money . But at least it looks good on a shelf or desk .
 We thought it might be a really exciting jumping around sort of dancing toy but it is n't , it really kind of vibrates a bit and shakes around falls on its side which is simply disappointing .
 my son does n't like it and it plays the same music and the lights on it are n't that bright . If i knew that before I would n't have bought it
 I bought this for my 11 month old son with hopes he would like it so i could get `` some '' shopping done with him in his stroller , but that did n't happen . When i got this the music did n't work it was warped but being a new mom i did n't even want to deal with sending it back . The only good thing was that it had a little snack tray for cherrios witch worked good ...
 I bought this gift for my 5 year old . I thought it looked like a great educational toy . However , I tried it before I gifted it and decided not to give it . The reason - the balls do not go easily into the slots . What a shame because this is a really neat game .
 Imagine to a childs disappointment when the toy you have been waiting for has a broken piece inside ... that was my kid . He took it well .
 The thought behind these cards is pretty interesting , but the execution is lacking . These cards are easy to shuffle but hard to deal . The glow in the dark mateiral sticks each card to the one above and below it . Making fast dealing and sorting of cards in your hand impossible for actual play . Stay away if you want to play anything that involves trying to take one card from either your hand or from the deck . .
 I just bought these cards and I 'm very disapointed in the product . I was lookign for something different that could stand up to a lot including accidental spills that have ruined card games before . I found these cards , although a little pricey , I thought I would like them.These cards are thinner then most cards . The bow that they comes in is not the right size to hold all the cards . The glow is weak and shipping was one of the slowest I have ever seen for amazon . It took two two almost three weeks to just ship it off . Most amazon items ship the next couple of days at the most . Do not buy these cards unless you know exactly what you are getting . Do some research on plastic cards first , before you buy .
 Upon arrival my husband and I put this together . The directions were so so , you have to look ahead to not have to redo steps . Once we installed it into the wall we realized the bottom shelf was n't level at all . Nothing we could do as everything is precut/prescrewed . I wrote to the company asking what we could do to resolve the problem . There was a lack of communication , and I was always having to follow up . Finally , I was told they were shipping out new bats to fix the leveling problem . The bats were shipped on the 11th of the month and are n't scheduled for delivery until the 27th ? It 's UPS and it 's shipping from California to Oregon ?! How in any way does that take over two weeks ?! Anyways , I 'm waiting to see if the replacement sections will fix the problem . If they do it 's an awesome shelf . If not , the company will be hearing from me again . To pay this much for a shelf it better be level . I 'll try and remember to come back and update weather it worked or not . For now , i 'd look elsewhere for the hassle is not worth it .
 After waiting for a few months ... I was told that this item is NOT available !!!!!! I was VERY disappointed !!
 It would 've been nice if there was a description . Very cheap plastic . Not worth $ .50 much less the $ 8.00 to ship .
 The picture showed multiple coin purses and since it was $ 6.39 i was expecting multiple coin purses . Upon receiving it , it was only one and its around the size of your palm . I understand they want to show variety but they should also have a picture of just one and maybe let us choose the style .
 `` Coin Purses '' turned out to be `` Coin Purse . '' This one item should cost .50 tops instead of $ 6.45 . Should 've read the reviews before placing order .
 Would not recommend this for any child . The only thing that he/she would be able to see `` up close '' would be insects - big ones . The toy is very cheap feeling and looking . It does not mount to anything and looks like it is missing parts . I would not ever buy this item again .
 Okay , go to the store and buy a cheap peppermint mouth spray . They 're about one American dollar . Now , go home , add green food coloring , and presto ! Irish Accent Mouth Spray !
 I got the package and receipt in the mail , but there was not product . The spray had been taken out of the back . So I guess I ca n't give an accurate rating .
 The little metal &#34; pegs &#34; in each side of the lid -LRB- to let it go up and down -RRB- are very short and have apparently too much tension on them . One of them broke in two pieces in 2 weeks after we put the chest together , and the lid became non functional . I would not recommend it . Just not a good quality product in my estimation . The company from whom I purchased it -LRB- Plumstruck -RRB- did refund my payment in full and I did not have to pay shipping to return it . Lipper , the manufacturer , also would have sent free replacement parts , had I wanted them .
 We are now on our 3rd toy box . The 1st one that came was missing one of the panels . After getting it replaced , the hinge on the 2nd one busted less than 2 months after we put it together . We are now on our 3rd one and I am doubtful that it will last . Had I known this , I would never have bought this toy box in the first place . Awful , awful , awful ! Steer clear of this brand of toy box .
 Poorly manufactured-directions are terrible , not worth the money . The panels did not line up . The holes that were designed to be used did not fit , had to make our own
 If you pay the normal price for this toy chest , you will be sorely disappointed . I got the white one on sale from another store for $ 29.99 and even that seem overpriced . First , this is NOT sturdy wood at all . The material is very light and flimsy , basically really cheap stuff . The bottom of the chest felt like it would break in half quite easily . Second , the white paint job is horrible - the coats are so thin that you can see some blue paint under it . Third , the manufacturer did n't even bothered to enclose all the screws , dowels , and allen key in its own plastic baggie ! All these parts were randomly strewn about in the box , we had to diligently search for the screws . Some of which were quite small and were somehow randomly embedded into the cardboard box . These were quite difficult to find . Lastly , the instruction was HORRIBLE . Basically , it 's a picture-guided set of instruction , but the images are SO small that a certain amount of guessing is involved in determining which pieces go where and in which direction .
 Goes together like a piece of junk . Can see holes through bottom . Would n't buy another or anything from Lipper Inter .
 Dont buy this item unless you want a bunch of pieces of broken wood in a box !! I gave it another shot when i recieved it the first time and it was damaged . -LRB- the wood panels were broken and had huge cracks -RRB- . I returned this item 3 times before getting my money back . Was supposed to be my daughters christmas present but wateves amazon !!
 This chest is proof that there is no way to get off cheap , when looking for a place to store your children 's toys . While there may be some actual real wood on this thing , most of it is pressboard or other poor product . The hinges are held in by small screws , two of which have already fallen out of their pre-drilled threads . We had to replace them with larger screws . I doubt these will hold , either , as the wood is of poor quality . As for fitting -- the cover is askew and impossible to align properly because it is predrilled . My advice is to spend a little more . You 'll be happy you did . It would have been nice to keep this for another use , but the minute he outgrows it , we 'll use it for firewood .
 There are many aspects of this $ 170 toy box that disappoint . For that kind of money I expected a great deal more that what was delivered.First of all , right out of the box there were missing screws . I know missing screws do n't speak to quality , but I 'm not done yet so stay tuned.I was able to quickly move through the assembly process right up to the last big screw . For whatever reason the pre-drilled hole that was put into the wood was drilled too big and the screw would not screw into it and hold . I attempted to put a couple of tooth picks in the hole and the retry the screw , but I found that this toy box is not made of solid wood , but of pressed sawdust . So no matter what I tried to do , the screw would not hold ; the pressboard kept crumbling away.That leads me to my biggest frustration in paying this much for a toy box ; it should be solid wood , not cheap pressboard . Nonetheless I marched ahead and figured I see what I could do with just one screw missing.I then went ahead and tried to attach the hinges . I was able to find a screw to replace the one that never came and got the hinges attached . They are spring loaded so the lid wo n't close on anyone 's fingers . The problem with these hinges is that they do n't allow the lid to close at all . The lid sits about one inch from being fully closed and just bounces on the hinges . It looks very tacky for the lid to sit there ajar like that ; especially for what 's suppose to be such a high quality piece of furniture.My overall opinion of this toy box is that it 's way over priced , even if everything had worked properly . For that price the wood and materials should be first class , not crumby pressboard that crumbles apart as you try to put screws into it and lousy spring-loaded hinges that do n't close all the way . I would expect sold wood and hydraulic hinges.My advice is to steer clear of this toy box and find something else that is n't so over-priced and falls so short of expectations.That 's just my opinion . Good Luck .
 Please do not waste your money on this toy box . Whoever designed this must have gone out of their way to figure out how to use the least amount of material and still be able to call it solid wood . As another reviewer noted , the panels are very thin . Look closely at the picture . The only substantial pieces of wood are at the edges of the box and the back rail . The front , back , sides , and bottom are all made of very thin wood . The lid panel is slightly thicker , but it too only has a thick piece of wood along the front , the sides having smaller pieces for reinforcement . To make matters worse , the front -LRB- lip -RRB- piece on mine was cracked about half way through , right in the center . I had to glue it and reinforce it with a piece of wood on the underside , thus negating the anti-pinch gap . I doubt that my reinforcing job will stand up to kids sitting , climbing , or jumping off it . Even if yours comes without a crack , I do n't think the wood will be strong enough to withstand the weight of kids on it . Also , the screws that hold the lid closers on are very small with fine threads . They stripped very easy during assembly . There is a fine line between being snug and being stripped . Be careful when putting those screws in . I ended up just using a small bolt and nut . Finally , the lid closers do not allow the lid to close completely . Perhaps , after some use , the springs will loosen up and allow the lid to completely close . Until then , it will just have to stick up about an inch , unless something is placed on the lid to weigh it down . Instead of fixing it , I probably should have returned it for a refund . I sure am getting sick of buying items that are broke and / or cheaply made . Despite all the negatives , it does n't look too bad . I just do n't think it is going to last too long . In my opinion and based on the quality , this should be sold for around $ 50 . Even then , the manufacturer should put a little more material into the product .
 This product is impossible to screw together with provided tools . It will leave you frustrated and you will not complete building it!Screws are too soft , the screwdriver tool does n't fit well in a screw - there is no end result!Imagine returning this item - you do n't want to have to go through with this .
 The toy chest I ordered arrived broken in several places . I do n't know if it was the shipper 's fault or the poor packaging . I returned it and bought another brand .
 Very disapointed . Received item on time . Opened the the box to assamble it , it was missing the front panel . Amazon customer support was good about it . Shipped another one the next day . Still gets a 1 star , because i did not have my toy chest ready for my kids b-day party .
 I purchased this toy because I was interested in a crib toy that did n't make noise . Much to my disappointment , the entire toy was filled with loud cellophane , rather than just a panel or two . Rolling up against any part of the toy would wake my daughter up . We thought the musical feature was unnecessary , had crappy music , and was difficult for the baby to find anyway -- and just made another loud noise . The critters on the colored side are also poorly sewn and poorly adhered to the bumper . I had high hopes for this crib toy , hoping it would be something quiet that my daughter could enjoy before sleep and when waking up , but I was disappointed .
 The quality of this product is really poor . It seems cheap and not real . Based on the price I paid , I wouldn have expected a much better product that would last for about a half dozen uses . Struggled to get it on the first time and just gave up .
 This set is truly not up to Thomas standards . The brown track is much sturdier and better made than the blue , but it took my handy dad and my super handy husband -LRB- who can fix ANYTHING -RRB- an hour to assemble them and as soon as my son barely touched the sheds , they collapsed . We hid them and I recently pulled them out to try again . As soon as I tried to put a 3rd piece on , the 1st 2 fell apart . It is impossible to put together . We do n't have the room to store such a large , fully-assembled toy - assuming we could assemble it , without welding equipment ! -LRB- yes I know it 's plastic - it 's THAT frustrating . The bridge is fun , but the blue sides pop out if you barely nudge the track . Also , the supports are not tall enough to run another loop of track under it . That is , until my handy hubby took a razor blade and made them stackable . HIT truly needs to redesign the sheds and send a free replacement to everyone who has bought this piece of junk . Do n't waste your money !
 The shed really is n't that difficult to put together . But , Holy Cow ! It only stays up for about 10 minutes before it has to be rebuilt.My four year old loves it . It has been a permanent part of his Thomas layout for about the past two months.But , do n't sneeze anywhere near the sheds ! You 'll be down on your hands and knees putting it back together for the Nth time .
 My son got this train on his 3rd birthday , he loves this so much but we spend every second to fix the station ... horrible to play with , the tracks and the trains are good . I wish they build the station stronger .
 This product is a serious disapointment . My kids wanted the Train Shed so bad to go along with their Thomas set-up . The way in which this toy is constructed makes no sense what-so-ever . It sort of ` snaps ' together , but if you touch it wrong , it completely falls apart . Eventhough my kids fall within the suggested ages for the toy , it is not constucted for their use . Even when my wife or I move it , the side wall comes unsnapped and sometimes falls apart . Compared to all of the other Thomas items we have purchased ... this design of this is n't even close . I paid over $ 100 for a toy that if my kids move falls apart . Fun for the whole family ! This product is a bad way to spend your money and what 's worse , it 's disapointing to the kids .
 The shed falls apart every time my four-year old even tries to send a train through . It does not help that he has a younger brother who breathes on it , and the shed falls . Even though the remote train is cool , the shed falling down every two seconds is a pain .
 Amazon had this on sale for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- after I completed my Christmas shopping . So I went ahead and bought 3 for my son and nephews as birthday presents . Let 's just say I 'm glad my son loved the Thomas with remote , because this is the worst train set ever . Nearly mpossible to get the shed together without it collapsing 35 times first . Please do not attempt to put this together with your child present . IT will only make it that much more difficult since it collapses with the slightest touch . So as much as I thought I got a really great deal , it turns out it is only an OK deal to get remote control Thomas and a Harold for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 This is almost impossible for an ADULT to put together and our 3yr old was waiting to play with it while we painstakingly put the roof together over & over again . The only solution I have is to glue the whole building together and then your child will be able to play with it and you wo n't have to worry about the roof falling apart again .
 My 4 year old son loves Thomas train and we have a lot of the old blue track and now some of the `` Trackmaster '' sets . When he saw these sheds at the store it was all he asked for for Christmas . I did read the reviews , but since my husband and father-in-law can build and put together anything -LRB- they have completely remodeled several houses -RRB- I did n't worry about assembly.Well , we also have had the difficulty that the others have expressed . The sheds are very difficult to assemble and they do collapse quite easily . I dread having to put it together whenever the train set comes out . It has become a joke at our house.It is so cute and we like it , but the the company needs to redesign it to be child friendly . We work hard for our money and it is frustrating to see it spent on such a poor product .
 We were really looking forward to giving the Tidmouth Shed to my son for Christmas . I thought he would really enjoy it . Once we opened the box and tried to put the shed together , we were disappointed . My husband and I have had a hard time trying to get all the pieces to stay together . It is awful . Once you get a few pieces in place , then another piece falls out . We are going to glue the shed together . We should n't have to though . I am going to write to the company and I hope others do , too . I hope the company redesigns it . I think it would be a great addition to the Trackmaster if made right.I do think that the remote contolled thomas is really cool , though . My son really enjoys contolling Thomas and watching his face change .
 Too bad I bought this for lots more money at the Day Out with Thomas show in November , under a little pressure from my 5.5 year old son ... anyway , the thing is absolute torture to set up . Spend your days and evenings with your face on the floor trying to fit and keep all the little pins together , with the frustrated kid next to you . The slightest touch makes the whole thing collapse . Gluing it is a good idea except who has room to store a fragile plastic curved building that measures 24 x 9 inches . The turntable is nice , the bridge is great , but the sheds are so badly designed that it is a crime . At least it comes with two little track pieces that adapt to the old blue tracks , which we have thousands of .
 My son is a huge Thomas fan so he was thrilled when his grandmother gave him this toy for his birthday . Unfortunately , it was difficult to assemble and the shed simply falls apart when he plays with it . The engine is fun in that it runs in reverse as well as forward , but the bridge and shed seem ridiculously flimsy to me . My son gets frustrated when it falls apart again and again . He ca n't fix it himself , so I do n't see how it has any real educational value . The most disappointing thing is that this would be a really fun toy if it were not so poorly made .
 Beware - if you want Tidmouth Sheds to stay built longer than thirty seconds get out the superglue - that is if you can get it together in the first place . This set can be a lot of fun for the little ones and comes with lots of pieces -LRB- Remote control Thomas , Harold the Helicopter , three way tunnel , roundhouse turntable -RRB- . We recently ran out the batteries on the Thomas remote controlled engine and after fifteen minutes still can not get into the battery compartment -LRB- the screws were tightened down hard and pretty well stripped already ! -RRB- . We wo n't be buying any more trackmaster products -LRB- though my son loves the battery operated Fearless Freddie ! -RRB- and will be purchasing a wooden railway - he 'd rather push the cars around the track anyhow . If like the idea of the trackmaster try a different set from this one unless you want to get out the superglue .
 I highly recommmend this toy for anyone who has low blood pressure and needs a quick way to elevate it ! I am so disappointed and feel so ripped off by the poor construction and fact that the pieces do n't fit together I am never going to buy anything from HiT toys -LRB- whoever they are and whatever they make , I do n't know , but watch out HiT ! -RRB- Plus , these tracks should connect to the wooden and other plastic tracks . It 's blatant they they make these all with different joints just to make parents shell out money needlessly .
 I wish I had read the reviews before !! We have lots of Tomy and now trackmaster so I figured this would be a nice addition . WRONG !!! The shed is a challenge to set up and breaks down if you so much as blow on it . I will be trying the supperglue but still . Could n't they have just made the top one piece and have the supports click in place ? It takes me 15 minutes to `` set it up '' and 1/2 minute for me to hear `` MOM can you help me , again '' from my 7 year old -LRB- and master Lego builder -RRB- . This is so not woth the money !
 We have a ton of the wooden railway and assumed since it was Thomas branded the quality would be the same . I was WRONG ! My son got this for Christmas and wanted it put together quickly . We spent an hour trying to get the shed to stay together . It simply does not stay together , the clips that should hold it come loose with a mere touch and the building keeps collapsing . This is not 5 year old friendly ! I would not spend the original price again to purchase this item !
 Heavier model rockets and multi-stagers definitely could use the added support of a 3/16 inch diameter launch rod . However , this two-piece rod may not be the ideal solution.First , there is the high cost . A 36 '' music wire rod of 3/16 '' diameter costs less than $ 3.00 at the local hardware store.OK , the seeming convenience of a take-apart rod might make storage and transportation easier , but there are drawbacks to this Maxi-Rod in particular . The attach junction might not be perfectly plumb ; any run-out between the two pieces translates to a noticeable bump at the joint . A model rocket 's launch lug can snag on that edge . I have seen D-powered rockets tear the top rod segment out at take-off . The only solution is to file and sand any uneveness flush . You would n't have this extra hassle with a single-piece music wire.Take a pass on this product .
 The cps 2700 was a big disappointment , especially after its predecessor , the cps 2000 and 2500 . The 2700 's water supply is very good , but it 's all down hill from there . Besides the funky coloring , the 2700 has a weak , easily broken stick pump rather than the attached pump of the 3200 , Monsters , 2500 , etc , and the pump is at a weird angle too . The nozzles , 2x , 5x and 10x are a step down from the older 2500 's 5x , 10x and 20x , and the range is pitiful . Even the smaller 1700 has a good many feet over the 2700 . Also , the nozzles are encased in some decorational purple flower thing that makes changing the nozzles difficult . If you 're thinking about buying a 2700 , I 'd recommend going for the smaller 1700 , or spending the extra few bucks for the 3200 or Monster .
 After reviews I read of this toy , I was sorely disappointed , especailly after the appx $ 60 price tag . We all played with it for about 1/2 hour on Christmas morning and then got completely bored . The concept seems great -- I always like toys that seem educational , adaptable , and high-quality . The quality is great -- very well-made . But after you find one or two ways for the marble to bounce down to the bottom , you 're pretty much done . For WAY more fun with the same kind of concept , I recommend getting a marble race game with tubes and chutes that can be built and re-built with much more variety . Oh , well .
 I never got to see the toy . I ordered this product for my God-daughter as a Christmas gift and she never received it . I contacted Amazon and learned that although I had placed this order a month ago , no one took the time to let me know it was not available . Should Amazon had contacted me I could have ordered something in time for Christmas . I am extremely disappointed in Amazon . I am not so sure I would ever order anymore gifts from this website .
 this is what i have used for many months it ok if its leaks or if it dosent shoot . o well just buy a new one right?no , you get a better gun like i did.save up go to -LSB- a local store -RSB- and get a cps 2100,4100 , zooka , or mon * -LRB- xl or x -RRB- yall be a lot better and less wetter -LRB- by the way kick some but -RRB-
 My 10 year old son really loves this game being able to add characters during battle . I read the instructions and the quality of care this toy requires is not for a `` rowdy '' child or a young one . It is a delicate machine .
 This game console is really limited to a few games -LRB- 4 -RRB- and very bad graphics compared to current systems on the market . My 9yr old son did not like it , and played with it only one day . Please do n't waste your money because for $ 70 more , your can get a real game console . I wish I could get my money back .
 you will find that most of the positive reviews are from 1 -RRB- people that have no personal experience with video games and bought it for their young children , or 2 -RRB- young children . the only reason i can think of is that young children are fascinated with collecting and trading the scan cards . they ca n't possibly like the game system , as everything about it is horrible . super long load times , repetitive gameplay , and a slow scanning gimmick that becomes a chore very very fast . it is a total failure of a video game system , and underperforms even if considered its own category of entertainment . not worth any price higher than free .
 I bought this system knowing full well how crappy it is . This is nice find for video game collectors , as it will be extinct soon . The games themselves are a real chore to play . The single speed cd-drive makes for constant delays .
 Received this no problem but when my son went to play with it , it would only scan one of the many cards that come with it . So unless we do n't know how to use it , I would have to say it 's broken or something . He was really lookng forward to it . shame ... I am sending it back
 The reason I bought this for my Grandson is that he likes to sit on the forklift at my warehouse.This forklift is poorly engineered . The tilt feature rarely works unless you give it a push . The tilt never works if the plastic pallet is on the forks . -LRB- not enough power -RRB- The forks do not go low enough to pick a pallet unless you use the tilt which does not work.The first one I received , I sent back thinking it was defective . But the replacement works as poorly as the first.What a disapointment .
 My grandson absolutely loved this toy , until the loader mechanism stopped working . It only lasted about a week . Based on this shoddy display of durability , I would not recommend Tonka toys . They are expensive but not durable .
 The Tonka Forklift and truck was one of my 4 year old son 's big gifts for Christmas this year . It was a disaster ! One of the 3 control functions did not work . He was still able to play with the other two controls , but the `` heavy '' boxes to lift were made of cardboard and did not have enough weight to stay on the forklift with any kind of movement . They kept falling off . It was very frustrating for him . We also bought him Tonka Crane which was another bad toy . The arm from the crane would not stay up , so we wo n't be purchasing any Tonka products in the near future !
 All of the Funrise `` Tonka '' Mighty Motorized , Hands-On , trucks are cheaply constructed . They will not last and eat batteries like crazy ! I recommend non motorized , especially Little Tikes . They are bullet proof !
 I was pretty disappointed in the quality of the planetarium toy . The comet laser is lame . The stars did not work very well in my child 's bedroom maybe because of the strange shape of his ceiling .
 I purchased this locally for my son and took it back for a refund the next day . I paid $ 49.99 for it . It is very cheaply made of thin plastic . You have to hold the dome right up against the wall to even see/read the constellations . I do not recommend this to anyone .
 This toy was a complete disappointment in almost every respect . It is cheap , fragile , and the stars/constellations are blurry at best . It was useless in a small room for discerning the names of constellations , because there is no focus function , and the plastic globe shattered the first time it was dropped . Our daughter liked it enough to keeps us from pitching it , so I gamely glued it back together , but then the light stopped working . I 'd send it back and take it up with the manufacturer , but probably not worth the trouble .
 Please Read and believe in the previous reviews . I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and it 's completely terrible Hunk of Plastic JUNK ! We will be returning it to ToysRUs !!!
 After buying this item as a Christmas gift , I found the toy to be totally lame . Disappointed , I pressed forward and started assembly.Disappointment # 2
 I bought this bike based on recommendations from several friends . After working on it for over 2 hours yesterday , we finally got it together but it 's not really together.The directions are simply the worst directions I 've ever seen . I would have read the directions cover to cover first -LRB- I always do that -RRB- but there are no written directions . There are pictures -- and they do n't always make sense . For example , it will have a drawing of a screw and it will say `` actual size '' but there is no screw that looks exactly like the drawing.I 'm giving this 2 stars because after I have someone else fix it , it looks like it will hold up . My son likes the seat and the parental steering is pretty easy to use -- we just need the handle bars to stay on.I 'm dreading the idea of returning this item , but if we ca n't get the handle bars to stay on it 's going back to Amazon .
 Just spent 2 hours putting this thing together . I might not be a handyman , but with 2 toddlers in the house , we put things together for kids based on instructions weekly . These were by far , by a huge margin , the absolute worst.Plus a few small problems . The screws for the seat were wrong size , so the seat is unacceptably loose . The front wheel lock does lock the steering but not the pedals as described . Have to spend more time to disassemble , send it back , and get a new . The kid did love it in the story asseblied . Reminds me of all the issues I used to have with my Mersedes . That explains why I drive Acura now .
 I purchased this tricycle on the recommendation of several parents . They told me their children loved riding it , and the parents loved that they could lock the wheels and control the tricycle during early ages.What they did n't tell me is that they all purchased the tricycle already built at a toy store.So I bought one online , and much to my chagrin , I just spent over two hours putting it together . The manual was the worst I 've ever read -LRB- or not read , since there are no translations -RRB- , there were parts left over and items -LRB- like the red plastic piece that 's supposed to snap into the front wheel fender -RRB- that did n't sit properly into place or were poorly calibrated to fit together.If Kettler is going to tout themselves as the `` happy '' tricycle they need to consider the happiness of the parent who decides to purchase this product unassembled .
 It looks good , but a nightmare to put together , and once put togetther , 's just a mess . The handle bars pop off , the steering is off and just very difficult for my 3 year old . He wanted to ride it but I did n't feel it safe and just sent it back .
 The Kettler worked just fine for my son when we first bought it . At that time , he was too little to pedal on his own . He liked being pushed around , but not for extended periods of time . Rear-wheel steering was good , and the construction was sturdy . But after owning this trike for a year and a half , I 've had a few frustrating issues.Most importantly , the `` free spin '' pedals made it difficult for my normally active and quick-to-learn child to catch on to pedaling independently . We have tried for months to teach him how to push the pedals with his feet , but since the pedals do n't spin when the trike rolls , no amount of coaching and encouraging seemed to help him make the connection between turning the pedals and moving the trike . My suspicions were confirmed this afternoon when I took him to a park and asked another mom if my son could try her child 's trike . He hopped on , and within two minutes he was pedaling happily down the track . I have to wonder if there 's any way the company can devise a mechanism to turn the free spin on and off , similar to the steering mechanism which you can turn on and off . That would be great , but I have no idea if that 's asking the impossible in terms of engineering.I also have to say that the pedals are too slick and the basket is too loose -- ours is continually flopping down to the ground , even when nothing is in it . I thought I was buying the perfect trike , but for us , it 's been disappointing .
 My son has had his Kettler Navigator for a while and I 'm still baffled over the `` big deal . '' We purchased this trike because everyone raved about how great it was , but truthfully , I wish we 'd spent the money elsewhere.Here 's the skinny : Pros : - Rear steering is great ! This really helps you and keeps you from having to bend over . But , this is a feature on other trikes now too . - Yeah , that 's pretty much it.Cons : - The basket wo n't stay on . - The pedals have almost no grippy-ness to them . When you 're dealing with toddler/infants learning to pedal , having their feet constantly slipping off the pedals only frustrates them . - Seat Belt ... Why ? What infant is going fast enough to need a seat belt ? - The Seat ... even fully pushed forward is n't close enough for small children . - The cheap plastic tires . At this price , I expect rubber , not the same cheap plastic stuff you find on low-end big wheels . - The entire pedal structure is terribly cheap . The pedals have so much back and forth give in them -LRB- designed this way on purpose ? -RRB- that my son ends up going backwards when he 's trying to go forwards -LRB- and vice versa -RRB- . My list goes on . Basically , for the money you spend , this is definately not worth it . AND , since many of the features I listed here are applicable on all Kettler models -LRB- the same plastic pedals , the same basket -RRB- , you should seriously look at other products before purchasing a Kettler .
 I bought this tricycle based on the great reviews and pushbar capability . I had read one review about the free spin pedals being an issue but did n't realize how big the problem it would be before I bought it . My 2 year old son could not easily learn that pedaling forward would make the trike move and would just wait to be pushed . When I stopped pushing and encouraging him to paddle , it just stopped being fun for him . On hindsight , I would never purchase a tricycle with free spin pedals .
 I bought this item for my 9 year old grandson . Unfortunately , it did n't last very long as he broke the head off .
 I can not possibly rate this . The product was ordered about a month ago , received a shipment notification about two weeks ago and my credit card has been charged . I still have not received them .
 This chicken is simple enough . It 's a plastic chicken . All it does however is shriek the most horrible sound of chicken death . I had no idea it would sound so bad until we got it . If that 's funny to you , get it . The sound killed all the fun for me however .
 Here 's the thing . This chicken is not a soft rubber chicken . It 's kind of a hard rubber and it 's stuffed with some kind of weird poly cottony looking stuffing . Why do I know this ? I know because my pups immediately bit a hole in the chicken 's tail and began to `` kill the chicken '' and pull the stuffing out of it . If you have a dog that loves the soft rubber chickens without stuffing in them , this is NOT the bird for you . If you 're looking for a hard rubber chicken with poly-whatever stuffing , knock yourself out . I will say this - the noise this chicken makes is hysterically funny . It 's not a chirp . Heck , it 's not even a cluck . That thing sounds like a dying chicken . VERY , VERRRRRRY FUNNY to hear . Not a bad product , just not a good product for my dogs - and I 'm so cool that I actually bought two of the darn things hoping it was just what I 'd been looking for . : sigh :
 It 's a hollow stiff plastic mould in the shape of a comic chicken that makes a horrible noise when squeezed . What a dissapointment and waste of money .
 Okay , it 's a rubber chicken . I do n't expect once . But that sound that the chicken makes it is NOT what chickens sound like at all ! It is sort of close to what a slaughtered chicken sounds like . Sounds more like a cow in pain to me . Awful , awful sound ! And it is horrendously LOUD !
 The product I received is not the same as the product picture that is on the product page ... . not talking about the difference in texture or anythin ... it is a completely different product that they sent me ... I wanted the rubber chicken that is picutred in the product page - __ - ; ... . The product does not squak or make any sort of noise at all . I want to return it
 I was so hopeful after reading the reviews about the `` Squawkin Rubber Chicken '' . But the reality is very disappointing . It does n't `` squawk '' so much as `` squeak '' . The sound is nothing more than a puppy 's squeaky toy - and the squeaker does n't even work half the time . Returning this and going back to the classic pinnacle of humor !!
 These have bad wires , eat up 4 AA batteries like nothing & are not very bright at all . Save your money , I wish I did !
 There were supposed to be two lights in the package . Only one was shipped . The shipping cost as much as the light . Junk from China !
 These pants are very uncomfortable for use of any sort . Waist is n't elastic . Difficult to tie draw string so that pants stays up on waist . Would never order these again or recommend . Very difficult and uncomfortable to use .
 This toy has little to no educational value and made little to no impact on my child . She got it as a gift and played with it for one day and then she was bored with it . It 's like paper dolls , but with magnets instead . Save your money .
 I purchased for my daughter , their is no center strap to keep the doll in stroller . Each time she straps her doll in the stroller , the doll slides out . The seats are n't designed to keep the doll in the stroller . Also , the foam around the handle bar pulled apart after two weeks giving her this item . I purchased before Christmas , and gave it to her in January for her birthday . I wish I had bought from another store , I know the quality would have been much better .
 My 2 year old got frustrated with this stroller right away . The front wheels do not work - they slide sideways and dont roll . She found this very irritating . Its cute otherwise but it does n't roll correctly . A child would just have to push it along the floor , scraping along not rolling . Designers need to improve the wheels .
 This stroller is very short and very flimsy ! The wheels get stuck easily , because they do not stay straight . They go sideways and pivot w/o warning . Not at all what I expected !!!
 This is a cute product but not very sturdy , a screw came out of the middle cross bar only a couple weeks after we got it . Which is a shame because it was a favorite toy for my daughters .
 A CHICK IN A BRA ... MY GOODNESS !!! HOW COULD A SOUND MIND HAVE AN IDEA TO MAKE A TOY SUCH AS THIS !!! EDUCATIONAL ? NO WAY JOSE !!! NOT FOR 15 CENTS FOR THIS ONE !
 This is a very cute toy but not as big as I thought . I did not pay attenion to the size when ordering so this was my fault . Have not played with it yet but it is cute
 My daughter received this highchair/swing as a gift for her second birthday ! It was a absolute piece of JUNK ! I would have to say that it was definetely not worth the money . As far as looks it was very realistic but every time my daughter barely touched it , it fell apart . The tray would n't stay on for anything . It was quite heavy and if it were to fall on your child 's toe it would really hurt . Every time she took her baby out of the high chair the fabric seat would come off with the baby . The snaps that were supposed to keep the seat from swinging when it was converted to a high chair were useless . Most of the time we had a swinging high chair with no tray or seat , pretty much just metal bars . I would n't recommend this toy to anyone ! The Little Mommy high chair is sturdier , but is exceptionally small ! We are still in search for the right high chair .
 The Ocean Wonders doll accessories are n't actually made by Fisher-Price . They are made by Tolly Tots and sold under the Fisher-Price label . I purchased the stroller and the high chair , expecting quality Fisher-Price toys . They come in several small pieces that take time and effort to assemble , and are of poor quality . Do n't be fooled by the Fisher-Price label like I was ! You would be wise to spend a little more money on a better quality toy !
 The tray is too difficult for my children to put on by themselves and it comes off too easily . Also , some of their heavier dolls , like Baby Annabelle , fall out . The back of the chair reclines all the way back and does not support the heavier dolls . I returned it and will find another type of doll high chair .
 I got this for my daughter 's 2nd birthday . It took about 15 minutes to snap together , although the directions are completely obtuse and worthless . I could n't get one leg to stay attached unless I pushed it in so far that the # 1 setting for the toy was useless . Then I could n't get the leg OUT to correct it . The seat is fabric that stretches over a metal frame -- with no support in the middle , so if your child places any pressure on it at ALL , the fabric comes off the frame . The ` tray ' attachment is a total mystery -- I am a fairly sturdy , strong woman , and I could NOT get that tray attached -- had to have my husband do it , yet with feather pressure from any of us including the 2 year old , the tray pops off.Absolutely dreadful waste of time , returning it today -- luckily I could fit all the pieces back in the box as I could n't disassemble the toy completely !
 Parents beware ! I was so excited when I saw this toy . It looked just like the real fisher price aquarium bouncer . I spent 2 hours trying to put this toy together on Christmas Eve . I had to force all the pieces to stay together which took both mine and my husband 's effort and they still fell apart . The minute I tried to convert it from a bouncer to a highchair the legs fell off . Needless to say `` Santa '' was left without an incredible present to place under the tree . This toy looks great just like a real baby bouncer but looks are deceiving . Do n't be fooled by the fisher price name -LRB- though they do tend to normally make great products -RRB- . Save your time and your money , read the other negative reviews and heed their warning . If your child is young -LRB- 3 or under -RRB- I recommend the Little Mommy by Mattel products . Not at all realistic looking but much more durable and a cinch to put together . My daughter will play with these for hours .
 These Ocean Wonders toys for baby dolls have got to be the worst toys that I have ever come across ! My daughter got all of the different sets for Christmas from a friend -LRB- so I could not take them back or trust me that would 've been the first place I went to on the 26th -RRB- . They do not stay together ! I put a piece on , I stick the doll in it , and the piece pops right off . They are not very sturdy at all . They really need to be screwed together or something . I would not buy any of these items at all . And now two months later , she does n't even play them at all ! Very disappointed .
 My 3 year old received this for Christmas from Santa and was very excited Christmas morning . It is very cute and looks very much like one for a real baby , but ... just like other reviewers stated the tray just would not stay on and my daughter could not put it on herself . I kept having to put it on for her . Last night the tray was just laying on the floor in front of the high chair and I decided it just needed to go back to Toys R ' Us . We did not have the box any longer -LRB- since Santa brought it -RRB- and they were going to make me get another one and I explained that we did not want another one . They gave me the money back and we will look for something else . I would n't recommend that anyone purchase this as it will only make your child very frustrated.I really wish that Little Tikes still made a high chair . My older daughter has that one and it still looks great . Fisher Price needs to work on something better .
 As others have said , the tray does not stay on . My child can not get the tray back on and so I have to put it on several times a day . She also has trouble getting the velcro fasteners on over her babies so I have to do that too . In addition , it plays annoying music . I 'd prefer a simple no frills high chair that she can use without my help .
 My 3yr old daughter just recieved this for Christmas . It has been together one day , and I am ready to bring it back . The tray comes off very easily , which is fine if you want it off , but then she ca n't get it back on , and when I try to put it back on , I have to push so hard the seat comes off . I 'm done with this one . This may be better for an older child , but my daughter is not a rough kid and is trying to do it all herself , but it 's just too complicated for her -LRB- and us -RRB- .
 We were so excited to buy this toy for our daughter for Christmas because she loves taking pictures . Were we ever disappointed . The picture quality is so bad that you can not even tell what you are taking a picture of . We have tried adjusting the contrast and lighting , but it makes no difference . This toy does n't deserve to receive a star at all .
 You need to take pictures where there is a lot of light . The pictures do not come out very crisp at all . My 5-year old was very disappointed with this toy .
 This was a gift for my eight year old daugter for christmas . When we attempted to use the camera , we thought it was broke , and returned it to the store only to be disappointed again with the new one . The picture is very hard to capture , and they are unclear and grainy . The pictures on the box misrepresent this item . Do not recommend wasting your money .
 If you are yet to purchase this item , DONT BUY IT.If it was given to me as a free gift I would n't take it . My daughters were so excited to get this for x-mas . After I tossed the receipt I read the other reviews , and was hoping they were mistaken . Everyone was right , this was the biggest disappointment on Christmas morning . Once you open it , you ca n't return it to the store . Here is a trick to try . This may help a little bit if you 're stuck with it laying around . Taking a picture of someone does n't work at all , even with a lot of light behind them . This is almost to difficult , but it makes up for the kids disappointment . With your digital camera take a picture and then put it on your computer . Make the picture big and then point the pixter at the computer screen and take the picture from there . It looks a lot better . -LRB- Not close to what advertises , but you can make out who the picture is of -RRB- The kids will still have fun coloring on these pictures , but there 's nothing you can do about letting them take pictures . So ... if you already have this junk thrown in a pile somewhere and a kid crying , and 20 min . try doing this ... if you are thinking about purchasing this ... DO N'T ... if you ordered it and waiting ... DO N'T open it , you will regret it . COMPLAIN TO PIXTER !!!
 This looked so cool and how excited my my 3 yr old . It really is hard to use . Takes time to get the picture in view and the picture quality is poor . Would n't recommend getting this .
 I have purchased two of these thinking that the first one did n't work because of a bad cartridge and it looked lke it would be a lot of fun if it did work . The second one seemed to function , but it takes horrible quality pictures . Not horrible like I ca n't blow up the images for posters , I mean horrible like you have no idea what that blob is on the screen . This toy is awful , I only gave it one star because I couldn ; t give it zero .
 DO NOT BOTHER WITH THIS TOY ! I thought this would be a great addition to my daughter 's pixter games . Big mistake ! The pictures are only bearly visible in really high level lighting situations . Forget taking pictures in average indoor settings . Grainy , dark , and distorted . Did the manufacturer even test this product ? I 'd rate it overall a ZERO!PITIFUL !
 How does a company even release something that does not work . This is the biggest piece of junk ever.Pixter was cool , camera is garbage .
 I just purchased this camera for my son 's Pixter . I can not believe that Fisher Price actually decided they should sell this thing . If they tested it at all they had to have noticed that the pictures are absolutely terrible . This thing is absolutely worthless . The only way we could get something even close to a photo to show up was to place it in extreme light . Even then the quality was terrible . This camera has to go back to Walmart . Do n't even waste the money if you see this item on clearance . It is n't worth $ 5.00 ! Shame on Fisher-Price for abusing parents -LRB- and children -RRB- in this manner .
 This accessory was the reason we decided to get our son the color pixter . While the color pixter has been a great success , this camera has been a huge disappointment . The camera does not take pictures with any clarity at all . The only thing you see is grains . This camera is a great idea , but at this point an awful product . Needs a lot of improvement .
 I purchased a Pixtar last year for my son at Christmas time . We are happy with the quality of games . This year , when I saw advertised the digital camera add-on , I thought it was a great way to get him to contine his interest with Pixtar . The `` BIG '' draw back is you need `` Alot '' of light . With a lamp literally inches away from my son , I was only then able to visually see him through the Pixtar to take a picture . The quality is very poor . You also need to have a `` Very Steady Hand '' . This was a flop ~ Buy a cheap little camera instead , they will be thrilled .
 Bought this for my 10 yr . old 's birthday . What a major disappointment ! The images are awful . You can only get a relatively decent -LRB- though grainy -RRB- image if you 're `` photographing '' something right under a lamp . Images in lighted rooms are dark brown / maroon . You ca n't make anything out . I called the mfr . about it and they had me calibrate the pixter . This did nothing to improve image quality . It was then thought to be a defective product destined to be exchanged . Having now read the prior reviews , I 'll just return it altogether .
 I BOUGHT THE PIXTER DIGITAL CAMERA FOR MY DAUGHTER 'S PIXTER COLOR . IT IS AWFUL . ALL YOU CAN SEE IS FUZZY IMAGES . THE PICTURES ON THE PACKAGE WERE DEFINITELY NOT TAKEN WITH THE PIXTER CAMERA . GREAT IDEA , BUT THEY NEED TO KEEP WORKING ON THIS PRODUCT . IF YOU DO BUY IT , KEEP YOU RECIEPT !!! I 'M GLAD I DID .
 We love the Pixter products . My son was so excited to see the camera come out . We bought it at Christmas . It was so crappy that I thought it was damaged . So , I swapped it out for another one . When I realized it was the product , my son was very upset . I took it back also and just bought him another cartridge . Why are they even selling these pieces of crap ???
 If I could have rated the Pixter Digital Camera 0 stars I would have . The Pixter has been a huge hit with my 8 year old granddaughter since Christmas and I thought the digital camera addition would be great . Wrong . I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased it . My granddaughter is now seriously doubting the integrity of the Easter Bunny . I 'm glad I did n't have to take credit for it ! This piece of poo is going back where it came from .
 Listen to all the previous reviews on this product . It is nothing like the advertisements . It simply does NOT function properly ! It is a total waste of money .
 Listen to all the other reviews - do not buy . Even outside in daylight you ca n't tell if you are taking a pic of a kid or a tree . Instead of color images like the commercials show , you get different shades of dark black for your pictures . I have sent my letter of complaint off to Fisher-Price .
 it made me cry to know that what I waited 6 months for DID NOT WORK !!!!!!!! I returned it and I am soooo happy to get rid of it !! getting a shot at the doctor 's office is more fun than this hunk of purple JUNK !!! if you want fun , get the fairly odd parents game!your kids will be very mad at this toy !! I was !! DO NOT BUY !!!
 Do n't waste your money !!!!!! All you see is a dark image and you ca n't even tell what you are looking at !!!!!! I ca n't wait to return it !
