 I just bought a Firebird Commander 2 today from my local hobby shop , based on recommendations here on Amazon . Now , let me first explain that I 'm a beginner RC pilot , which is part of the reason I bought this plane . Initially , I had trouble getting it into the air , but after a crash or two , I was able to get it going.Even though this has Anti-Crash Technology -LRB- ACT -RRB- , it did n't prevent me from totalling the plane about 10 minutes after the first flight . Now , you can attribute this to my lack of R/C flying skills -LRB- although I am a real pilot , I realize this skill does n't necessarily translated to R/C -RRB- , but I think the big problem is not having a seperate elevator control . As it comes , it has one channel dedicated to the throttle and one channel dedicated to the aileron -LRB- tail -RRB- control for turning . This should be ideal for beginners -LRB- one less thing to worry about -RRB- , but the problem is that if you are in a steep dive -LRB- because of wind , a steep turn , or whatever -RRB- , your only hope to recover is to hit the throttle and hope that the speed will bring it out of the dive before it impacts the ground.Based on this experience , my next plane will either be a 3-channel that has throttle , elevator and aileron , or a 2-channel that has elevator and aileron . I do n't really care about the speed as long as it 's fast enough to get airborne.So , not so much a negative review for the plane , as to clearly lay out for people who are thinking about buying this plane
 It 's hard to tell from the picture , but the marbles are n't solid colors . Instead , they 're clear with a wavy piece of color running through them . That makes it very hard to see the color against the various parts of the Chinese Checkers board . Also , the spots for the board are very shallow , so any bump of the board will send the pieces rolling into new spots.The checkers board is strangely colored and hard on the eyes . The pieces also feel extremely cheap , making it much less pleasant to play on than a separate checkers set you can buy for a few bucks .
 I bought this item thinking that the storage tin with the built-in playing board was a great feature . I ended up returning it for a refund because the holes are n't deep enough for the marbles to be properly seated , so any slight knock of the board causes all marbles to fall off of their divots . In addition , the holes are so close together that adult hands must move very gingerly in order to avoid knocking a nearby marble out of its place when moving another .
 Bought this at K-Mart for $ 7 and returned it next day . The box looked attractive and professional , that 's why I bought this for my daughter . There was no way to tell how big the game pieces were , from outside . When opened , they are too small , light-weight , cheap and have no finishing . Quality good to be at a 99 cents store .
 I may have actually reviewed this elsewhere on amazon and said something to the effect , `` well , you buy it knowing it 's going to be cheap , so I do n't know why people are complaining . `` If I said something like that , I 've changed my mind.I 'm pretty open minded when it comes to quality of a product of this nature . It 's pieces are GOING to be plastic , and chances are , cheap . But you really do n't know how cheap they can be until you 've seen this set . Basically , it looks like these pieces were all made to be magnetic ... and then someone cut the budget , tore the magnets out , and still left the holes where the magnets should have gone . I kid you not.Now , I was looking at it to begin with and thinking ... `` well ... it 'd do in a pinch '' ... but that 's called sunny optimism . Looking at them again , I 'm not sure how anyone with grown-up hands could possibly play these games at all . The pieces are just too cheap . It 's not what they look like , it 's that they 're so light and so badly made , that even if you did n't care if they looked like garbage -LRB- I did n't , really -RRB- , they are pretty much un-usable . I you 're buying it for very , very careful and patient little kids , as a very , very cheap thrill ... okay , maybe if they 're SUPER patient , and their hands are very little , and they really ARE very careful ... they MIGHT be able to actually play the games included . But probably not the rest of us . And the board I was silver and blue checkered . I 've seen a lot of boards in my time , but this one really does look bad . They 'd shaded the squares in a vain attempt to make it look cool or something , but it just looks really , really stupid . And the pieces are way , way too small for the chess board . And the marbles will just roll all over the place.That being said , I 'm not sure why anyone actually would want this set . Seriously , you 'd be better off getting one of those standard black and red cheap sets they sell in stores with the plastic pieces . You wo n't get Chinese checkers , but you 'll at least get TWO games -LRB- chess and checkers -RRB- that you actually CAN play . And I would have definitely been satisfied with that product for a `` cheap game set '' .
 The `` marbles '' are n't the glass type . They are tiny and are made out of a very light plastic . This , combined with the board 's shallow grooves causes the marbles to roll out of position at the lightest touch of the board.The quality of the board and the pieces is deplorable . The fact that the manufacturer and seller make/sell this is offensive .
 Pieces were tiny and junky . We could n't tell the chess pieces apart from each other . The balls for the Chinese Checkers were so light , feather weight plastic . I guess you get what you pay for .
 The tin box does NOT close good , so you might want to keep the bottom cardboard part to keep the tin box close .
 We bought this at target for $ 5 and we took it back . The chess pieces are microscopic and are painful on your eyes to distinguish from a standard playing eye to hand distance . The rest would be okay for the price , but extremely low quality . Avoid this set .
 Bought two of these in different sizes . They are a waste of time and springs are so stiff that it is not easy to jump in them . I did n't think they would get the height that 's shown in the photos , but the photos make it appear easy to jump in and they are not and they can hardly get jump off the ground . My kids are athletic too and they do n't like them . Returning them both . Also , kids can sprain an ankle with these .
 I 'm sure this toy would be good for older kids , but alas , the age for the user was n't specified on the item page . I bought the item according to my child 's weight and shoe size . Not exactly a great toy for a 3 year old , maybe for someone much older and more stable . I saw a broken leg or ankle waiting to happen with this , so I sent it back !
 Bought this for my daughter -LRB- age 9 -RRB- for Christmas . She has barely used it - not as jumpy as it seems and just very little interest in playing with it overall . Disappointing . Might just be her - maybe others would have a blast with it .
 Bought two of these in different sizes . They are a waste of time and springs are so stiff that it is not easy to jump in them . I did n't think they would get the height that 's shown in the photos , but the photos make it appear easy to jump in and they are not and they can hardly jump off the ground . My kids are athletic too and they do n't like them . Returning them both . Also , kids can sprain an ankle with these .
 All of the pieces are very tiny magnets , easy to lose , only 5/16 inch tall x 1/4 inch diameter . The chess pieces are all the same shape , with different stickers on top -LRB- which you must tediously paste on -RRB- . I would n't recommend this for kids under 10 years . Older kids might enjoy this if they 're very careful not to lose the pieces , but I 'd prefer a better quality set .
 Pieces wo n't stick to magnetic board . Instead of a magnet on each piece , there is a ceramic magnetic sheet beneath the board . It 's supposed to , and in some instances , does work -LRB- according to other reviews -RRB- . The magnetic sheet is roughly the quality of a sales-promotional refrigerator magnet . The sets were either exposed to conditions that cause de-magnetizing , or were never inspected properly before distribution . Expecting the non-magnetic steel embedded in the pieces to stick to a flat magnetic sheet consistently is just poor product design . A sheet magnet is most effective when in proximity to another large flat ferrous surface , not in small points that are n't even directly contacting the magnetic sheet.I thought , `` how can someone mess up something so simple ? '' , when I purchased it . I suppose the problem for me is that it 's too much trouble and expense to return -LRB- in time and in shipping cost -RRB- , but it 's just enough to be annoying . Do yourself a favor and purchase a better set . The classic design for a travel set is a steel-surfaced board with small single magnets embedded in the individual pieces . Try to cut costs too much and you end up with paper roll board under a plastic sheet about as thick as a ziplock bag like this set . The playing surface is easily scarred with your finger nail.At this point I 'd even rather have one with the pegs that fit in holes on the board , but I wanted to combine my need for chess while traveling with some more family-friendly games -LRB- like the ones included in this game set -RRB- . However , if you consider ordering this , do n't expect too much . You even have to install the sticky-back chess symbols on top of the pieces that double as checkers . Some assembly required ? This is just yet another example of poor quality process for the price . Getting a properly-working one of these game sets , without testing it in-person before buying , is at best a crapshoot .
 My son is seven , and this was a challenge for him . In fact , his grandfather did most of it for him . The pieces did not fit together easily and the screws were small . Nice to look at now that it is done , but would not buy again . Too much money for the little we got out of it .
 I will give the seller a chance to rectify this problem and I am hoping for a call back tomorrow . But so far , I am completely disappointed . I ordered this specific toy race car because of the red and blue colors and because of the number 4 on it !!! My son 's birthday is February 16th and wanted to give it to him for his 4th birthday ! I received a red/orange car with the number 78 !! This is absolutely devastating for me . I am hoping the actual sellers will work this out with me and if they do I will be happy to change my review !
 My boys actually never played with these , even to use as building blocks . They are well crafted , and neatly designed , but they are very heavy with sharp pointy ends on the square pieces . Perhaps they would be good in a classroom `` store '' role play setting , or I have seen museums that have grocery stores and kitchems set up for kids to role play in .
 These are just wooden boxes of food - there is n't really anything to do withthen and they are boring . I bought it with the cutting food which is a greattoy and the wooden kitchen which is nice - my 3yo also has a shopping cartand the play food that comes with that which is nice . I would n't have boughtit if I could see it first .
 My three year old enjoyed playing building blocks with these but they were n't practical for her kitchen . The articles were somewhat heavy with sharp corners . When they fell off her kitchen while she was playing , they became a problem when my baby was next to her .
 This set is not appropriate for young children . The food items are made of solid wood so they are very HEAVY . The food items also do n't have familiar shapes and would only be recognized by children who can read -LRB- e.g. , a wood block with the word `` cereal '' on it -RRB- .
 This was a huge disappointment . The planets are just pieces of cardboard that do not glow at all . The stars are OK but the material they give you to stick them on the ceiling or wall is useless . I went to craft store to find something better to hold them on the ceiling and found a better set with better material for sticking them on the ceiling and the set was only $ 1 compared to the $ 8 I spent on this.I do not blame this on Amazon and out of the 100 + items I have bought from Amazon , this is the only one that I was unhappy with.Tom
 As the title says -- I liked these stars . They are exactly what I was looking for and what you 'd expect . The only problem is that -- while they glow really well the first day -- after a very short time , they stop glowing . Within a week , I really could n't see them at night at all any more . Now , sometimes I can see them a little , and sometimes not at all .
 I bought these for my sons bedroom , to entice him to stay in bed at night . We stuck them on the ceiling and i put a flashlight to them , they were bright stars but only lasted a few min then they started to fade . Now they do not glow at all . I have seen good ones that have a strong glow to them , and get a good charge from the natural light in the room . I know they are out there but this is not the product .
 They tell you are buying 150 stars , BUT What they never tell you is most of them are extremely small !!! you can even hold the 150 of them with one hand ! -LRB- not kidding -RRB- Only few big stars . If you look at the picture they show , it 's a lie !! Besides , it does n't have any kind of glue !!! how i 'm I supposed to put then on the ceiling ? somebody please explain !!! The quality of this product has definately deteriorated from the original production years ago . Do n't buy it !
 the puddy i received with the product was dried out and wouldnt stick at all . Also i received my package and the star kit box was open
 I was very conservative with the tack provided , also knowing from previous experience a minimum is needed or they 'll fall down . I was only able to put up 1/2 the stars , and now have to buy more tack to do the rest .
 Bought these at my four year old 's request to decorate her big girl room . She loves them . However , we went to relocate a few of them and they peeled the pain off the ceiling in one spot and in another spot you can see where they had been peeled off . VERY disappointing . Maybe next time I will get a better quality putty . I think 3M makes some that does not peel paint . UGH .
 I have purchased Great Explorations glow in the dark stars before , quite a few years ago . I was much more satisfied with the quality of the stars then . This order of stars bragged about the amount of stars in the package . What they do n't tell you is most of them are extremely small . The few big stars they give you do n't seem to absorb the light as well as the small ones . The quality of this product has definately deteriorated from the orignal production . Other than that , the order came quickly and I had no other problems . The little stars do hold the light well , but they are small .
 I ordered the stars to create a canopy of stars in our theater . I imagined some subtle stars to create a faint light on the ceiling for a while . I put up about a third of the stars and decided to see how they appeared with the lights out . They were not even faint . I increased the amount of ambient light on them before extinguishing the lights . Very disappointing results . I put the other two thirds of them aside and will not bother putting them up .
 The stars and pieces have stored in the stock for too long . They lost brightness and not work well . I do n't recommend it . You can see it for yourself . But it 's not a toy and it 's not a product .
 My 4 year old hates sleeping in the dark , but her 16 month old brother prefers sleeping without any lights , so I thought putting these stars on the ceiling of their room would be a nice compromise . My daughter was so excited when we put them up , and they shined so brightly . By the next night , she was crying again b/c they did n't light up anymore . Do n't waste your money on this !
 There are legitimately a lot of stars and putty works great . Except they only glow for about 7 minutes ! I leave my lights on all day and when I turn them off they look great and bright but then they fade out !
 Go on easy enough , although time consuming , but glow for less than two minutes and then fade to nothing . Totally disappointed because I wanted to teach my son about the stars not crap products .
 It says this kit has 150 stars but some of them are so tiny , they are hard to stick in the ceiling . And the from those small ones is not visible at all . Ditch this kit & get one which has fewer but bigger stars .
 These stars only hold their charge for about 1 minute and they 've started falling off the ceiling & wall . I do n't recommend
 We picked this up for my nephew thinking it would be a cool , inexpensive item for him - easily replaced if lost or stolen . Unfortunately , it did n't last long enough to test that theory . He received it on their trip to our home for a visit ... shortly after he was back home in California , it was already having problems skipping cds , etc. . I would recommend a better quality CD player , but we have n't attempted to purchase another for him yet . I will be thoroughly checking reviews on players available from Amazon . It 's infinitely better getting the opinions of others before investing your dollars in a little known product .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas . After 2 days , she dropped it and it would not work anymore . I figured it was her fault so I bought a second one . When it came , it worked for less than a day and I was wary this time and would n't let her out of the house with . When it stopped working , I changed the batteries , etc. . Nothing.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 My friend bought this and she let me listen to it on the bus , it ruined my CD . My CD was perfectly fine until I put it in the player . My CD became scratched and would n't play many songs . I do not reccommend this CD player . It 's very cheap and is a very poor imitation of a CD player !!! I 'm 13 and i know the difference between a good and bad player !
 This is a horrible glowing stars toy . The putty that comes with this that you have to apply to the stars is very minimal and you do n't have enough to apply to all the stars that come with it . You maybe get to put the putty on 20 out of the 50 stars max . You can put less putty on the stars to try and get more stars on the wall but they eventually fall off . I would n't recommend this toy to anyone .
 okay , i 'm not the type of mom who adheres strictly to the `` must be over 3 yrs old '' rule for most toys , i figure if its not small enough for them to swallow or pointy enough for them to jab each other , they can handle it . but this is a little much , the edges of the truck are sharp -LRB- duh i could see that before i bought it but i thought it 'd still be ok ! -RRB- and the yellow thing comes off , and the people/dog are very sharp also ! my two yr old was very excited for about 15 minutes , since she loves firetrucks and the one yr old didnt even look at it . now its sitting on a dresser literally gathering dust . -LRB- i just cleaned it off -RRB- also we only have one guy left , its impossible to keep things together isnt it ? the guys dont really `` pop '' up , they just go up/down . kind of boring , dont ask me what made me think it would be fun ! prob cuz i like the brand , but i 'll stick to their puzzles .
 I purchased bean bag toss for my four year old grandson , it was his birthday , it was absolutely no challenge - no fun and required absolutely no dexterity . very very disappointed , if it was possible to return it I would
 Lily Munster was GORGEOUS . This doll is not . It 's nice that a doll was made at all , but I am not too pleased with the design . I saw this in a store and did n't buy it . The packaging is nicer than the doll itself .
 This doll does not bare a resemblance at all to Lily Munster , it looks like a male in females clothing . This is way to expensive for this doll ! It may be a collectors item and grow in value so it may be worth it to purchase it . I am a fan of `` The Munsters '' and really love the barbie doll set with Lily and Herman Munster , as it bares a good resemblance of them but this one is rediculous .
 That 's not Barbie - see Mattel - The Munsters Barbie & Ken Giftset . Same dress , but totally different doll . Of course , it 's much more expensive . .
 This doll is ugly . Lilly munster was beautiful and this doll has manly features . I was disappointed but love the munsters so I kept it . But I do agree with another review about how the packaging is better than the doll . Disappointed with doll but not enough to return it .
 toys r us has the 3 pack for less than $ 10 . I thought Amazon was supposed to be the best prices ...
 I took it out of the box to put batteries in for my son for Christmas . Tried them out . Would not transmit more than 10 feet . I am sending them back . Does not work .
 The castle people look great , but the horses have gobs and gobs of hot glue dripping from their legs and felt saddles . The glue makes the toy look like something that no care or craftsmanship when into - a disappointment for a name so great as Melissa and Doug . I hope a Melissa and Doug rep contacts me about this problem . UPDATE
 I bought these for my son and they are falling apart after only being played with for a short while . We have other bendable people from Plan Toys and though they are more expensive the quality is superior to the Melisa and Doug products .
 Well , they are sort of poorly made . The doll clothes looked sorta uninspired , and the faces on the dolls were downright scary . Get the Kathe Kruse doll house dolls . They have cloth faces , and seem more realistic .
 The Skyblades Deluxe Boxed Set is absolutely worthless . Within 15 minutes it will be in pieces on the ground . The younger kids will run off to do other things while the older ones stare at the broken rocket in semi-disbelief . The construction of the rocket is so shoddy that the manufacturer includes repair parts in the box . The repair parts consist of extra wings , which are made of a very thin , styro-foam like material , which cracks after one or two flights , and some extra rubber bands for engines . The rubber bands seem to break as easily as the wings . Of course , the repair parts are no better than the original parts and the whole thing is in pieces within a few minutes .
 It makes me mad - Everyone is sayin ' that `` My Scene '' Is better than Bratz and Barbie . . Can you not tell how ugly these dolls REALLY are !!???? And they come with really lame , cheap accessories whilst the Bratz accessories are the bomb ! And Barbie is like the queen of all dolls ... No other doll will EVER EVER EVER be as popular as her !!! My scene is soooo ugly exspecially Kenzie !!! -LRB- I 'm not kidding ! -RRB-
 The toy was not as described.The description indicates that it is 9.3 x 6.5 but it is actually 6.5 x 5 - much much smaller !
 We bought this for my son because he loves spiderman.It says it will fit any standard twin bed and thats what he has.We bought this item and tried to put it on the bed and it ripped.It would not fit at all.On the side of the package it says you can return it if you are not satisfied but you have to send $ 15 . The thing weighs nothing so I have no idea how it costs $ 15 to ship it.I would not waste my money on this toy.I cant even call the company because I cant find a phone number on the package or on the toy .
 I purchased this toy for my 4 yr old for xmas . He loves hiding in tents . . well this item was ordered on the 10th of december . I noticed items I ordered days after this were arriving , and this was not . I emailed them , got NO RESPONSE . several more emails , and I finally got a shipment notice on DECEMBER 20TH ! I ordered it ground shipping DHL thinking it would easily be here by xmas being ordered on the 10th . and they shipped it GROUND on the 20th ! it got here on xmas eve , and to top it all off , this is a flimsy , mesh tent it is weightless . . like a feather . . it collapses when the wind blows ! and they charged me for a TWENTY POUND ITEM !! Yet I went on the etoys website , and they advertise that it only weighs 5 lbs . I was charged $ 21 for shipping this little tiny lightweight tent.and NO RESPONSE TO 10 EMAILS . They have NO PHONE NUMBER ANYWHERE , Im guessing because they have mulitple complaints . The tent is not enclosed . It is also red not blue as pictured . and the mesh topper only sticks out about 1.5 feet ... the rest of the bed is not covered . Just dont waste your money ... and DO NOT GIVE THIS COMPANY YOUR BUISNESS ... THEY ARE HORRIBLE ! my son hates it , and he cant even play in it because it always falls over ... our kitten slapped it and the whole thing collapsed ... YUCK .
 Although my 5 year old son still loves this bedtopper , it does not fit his bed properly . It may be because it is an older bed . The bedtopper leans to the side all of the time . I did remove the headboard of the bed before putting the bedtopper on because I had read other reviews about the bedtopper ripping if stretched too far . I think that this item is OK if you have a young child who does n't really care how it actually looks . My son is just excited about it being Spiderman .
 I was hoping this would be the ideal soother for my son 's room , but the thing made a grinding mechanical noise once I put the batteries in.I returned it the next day.I would not recommend this product , nor would I purchase anything from this company again.The toy appears to be cheaply made , and the grinding mechanical noise told me that they probably used sub standard parts , I began to worry that this thing might even catch fire if I kept it in my house .
 Batteries lasted 2 days . Have to have it in the center of the room . Even then , the images are blurry . You would have to have it placed high to be able to see images clear .
 this toy is very cute , the music and sounds are great and I love that it spins -LRB- though mine is broken and no longer spins now that we are on baby # 2 -RRB- I do n't think it is very durable as a toy , it is better to be admired on a shelf . The pictures do n't project onto the wall very good unless the unit is right by the wall . I would n't recomment this toy .
 My son used his birthday money to buy this bat 80 bucks , bat broke during third swingwill not buy from mizuno again .
 I bought this bat for my son , He plays for a American Legion Team and they only use wood bats . This bat broke in the third game under normal use . Contacted Mizuno and they said too bad !
 I am a huge L&W fan but found this game very stupid and boring . Besides the confusion , I was sad to find out you are not really solving a crime but doing some strange `` guess the card '' game instead .
 I love shopping at Amazon . One of the main reasons is the reviews . I love that I can get other peoples opinions of a product before I buy it . So why , you might ask , would I still purchase this Princess Bed Topper when it only received 2 stars ? As I have just packed it up to return it , I 'm asking myself the same thing.It assembeled very easily . Then it went downhill from there . The idea is cute , but the execution is horrible . There are 3 `` doors '' on the piece . Two allow you to store things under the bed and the third is for the child to climb in and out of . They are all at the same level . If I place it over the bed as shown in the product photo , the door for the child to climb through opens to reveal mattress , making it impossible to get in and out through . Not to mention that the door is at the headboard end of the popup . That would be the end that you push against a wall . So , that door is completely useless . The doors used for storing things under the bed are so small , they are also useless . Not to mention that the construction of this piece is such that , were I to keep it , I would n't expect it to last more than a few months at most . But since I 'm returning it today , we 'll never know .
 horrible ... too big for the twin bed ... flopped all over then it was alsmost impossible to get it back into the box to return ... sent it back ... hope you got it
 I bought this for my 4 year old as a cute temporary bed untill I get her a real bed as the above review says it doesnt fir over a headboard and foot board as I originally thought , whish wasnt that bad I guess you just use a twin size bed frame . Mine was missing a pole , and I tried for several days to contact customer service and as of today have still not got anywhere . The bed topper is cute and pretty cheap and should last a while if your child is over the age of 4 .
 This bed topper does not fit over a bed with a headboard and footboard .
 I thought that each of the Plasticville buildings that I purchased were not up to the minimum standard I would expect . I also purchased The Bulders Depot and the Firehouse by other manufacturers and found them to be significantly higher in quality . The Plasticville gas station was only marginlly better . Plasticville would not be on my purchase list for HO buildings .
 It fell apart alot after you put it together . it had alot of parts for little kids to get . if you lose a part then you do n't have any extra . I recomend it for those who can follow directions . It would ... to have a small child around while you are building . be careful and do n't be stupid and leave it lying around . have a good time -LRB- hopefuly -RRB- with your new toy .
 This is perhaps the biggest waste of money . Not only was it difficult to assemble -LRB- I ended up breaking several pieces and throwing it out ... I 'm not wasting my time even to try and get my money back -RRB- , the parts did not fit together all that well . I 'm willing to guess that the model makers at Lucas ' Industrial Light and Magic would find this a problem ! AVOID THIS PRODUCT !
 This figure has rotating claws . That 's what keeps this figure from being an 1 . The transformation is ridiculously stupid ; you basically stand up the scorpion As a robot , it looks goofy . If it was a cheaper Basic character , it would make a nice minion for the bad guys , especially as a swarm . But as a Deluxe figure the price is just too much . Wait for the bargain bins to pick this guy up .
 I bought this for my grandson 's 7th birthday . It was much smaller than I thought it would be , and my grandson seemed a bit disappointed , as well . He was able to transform it easily enough . I have only seen him play with it twice , maybe three times and it does not always work properly , according to him . He plays with his other transformers much more often .
 This toy keeps falling apart . The doors fall off , the part that folds downcomes apart if you pull very hard . Very over priced for the size , it 's smsaller than it looks .
 I looked at it online , made the pieces out of paper by eye-balling it , and solved it in fifteen minutes tops . It takes thirty moves .
 Purchased this for our 2.5 y.o. granddaughter . Very nice looking , but totally unstable if child were to climb on it . I found it through a search of &#34; ride-on stuffed animal &#34;
 I bought these last year for my daughters . I knew they would love the idea that they were a walkie-talkie that could be used like a cell phone.However the cell phone type features in this do n't work well . There was no volume control for the ring tones , so unless you had a completely quite room , or the phone right next to your ear it was almost impossible to hear it ring.Where is the fun for kids if you ca n't use it like a cell phone because your barely able to hear it ring ? My daughters , then ages 10 , 8 , & 6 , lost interest right from the beginning , and my toddler has more fun with it now.They do however work great as a walkie talkie , nice volume there.But they are also big and bulky . And you have to set them on the right mode for them to be used correctly . Both phones have to be set to the walkie-talkie mode for them to be used as such , or set to the cell phone mode to be used as a cell phone . If either are set differently they wo n't work . It took a while for my girls to figure out how to switch them back and forth.Buying this item because you want a cute walkie talkie that looks like a cell phone , perfect ! However buying it because your child wants to use it like a cell phone is a waste of money . They were a HUGE disappointment , and they cost quite a bit of money for such a big disappointment .
 My 8 year old daughter wanted this so bad so I let her save up her money and purchase it . When she received it , she gave one of the phones to her 9 year old brother . They had fun with it for about 2 hours , then my son accidentally dropped the phone and now it does n't work . He did n't even drop it far and it was on carpet . If this phone ca n't withstand being dropped onto a carpeted floor by a 9 year old , it 's worthless . It 's geared toward children . It should be more durable than it is . I feel bad that my daughter was so excited about this and now she 's been let down because it 's a piece of junk .
 I bought the Chatnow 2 pack for my two daughters -LRB- 9 and 7 years old -RRB- . They do work with each other and other Chatnows , but they do not interact with cell phones -LRB- I was under the impression they did -RRB- . So unless everyone your children know have the Chatnow , they are a waste of money and you are better off waiting until your children are old enough for a real cell phone . I wish I had waited .
 Pieces of the model were missing . Attempts to contact the company via email and postal mailafter 3 weeks have been unsuccessful
 Vhat is thees ? Us in Russia never had sooch a horrible toy . Vhat does thees teach you ? To hav a babay at 17 ? Vhy vould anybody ephen by thees toy ? Too seet a baad exaamplee ?
 I ca n't believe that someone would think to make a `` toy '' like this for our children . While the doll could prove to be somewhat educational , I think that a little more thought could have been put into how we could have made it . I mean of course we need to explain things to our children and most parents do n't know how , but everything that I am reading about this `` Happy Family '' talks about the fact that Midge is married and she wears a ring . Well , a lot of people wear rings and that does not mean they are married . And if we are going to promote being married with a `` Happy Family '' , the toy should only be offered as a family . A pregnant doll should not be sold by itself giving young children the impression that it -LRB- having a child and raising it -RRB- can be done alone !!!
 I do n't understand why people would even let their children play with such a ridiculous doll . I really feel like someone should take this to the media and get it off the market because personally to me its very offensive .
 I think this toy gives little girls the wrong ideals I also think that all barbie toys in genearl give the wrong ideals for little girls who are palying with them
 First of all , this gets children asking questions at too young an age . My daughter is 3 , and the last thing I want her talking about is pregnancy . There is no way they should have a toy like this for little girls . They should be playing pretend , and dressup . Children are innocent and wonderful , and we shoud protect their innocense , especially at such a wonderful age .
 While this toy maybe educational for an older child , it is NOT appropriate for children Barbie playing age . I was appalled that Mattel would produce such a toy . We need to enjoy our children while they are young , marrying Midge and showing her pregnant is making our children grow up to fast . In my opinion this doll was produced in very poor taste . I hope in the future toys are made more age appropriate .
 Do n't you think that it teaches our kids at a young age about being pregnant . I think that it should be taken off of the market . There is a high rate of teen age preganacy and this doll teaches a little girl that it is okay . What made you create this doll and I am not trying to be mean , but can you explain to me the moral of making Midge .
 Apparently my child has not learned to be a responsible parent yet since she 's already lost the baby -LRB- being able to attach to Midge 's very un-American-sized waist apparently makes for quite a preemie ! -RRB- Midge obviously does n't have drive-thrus in her `` Happy '' town nor worries about varicose veins in those high heels . I 'm also not sure how educational this toy is since none of the kids I know came in magnetic pods but since Barbie and pals have no real human parts -LRB- even those of you that ca n't spell have to know what I mean -RRB- I guess that 's the only option available . I also do n't know about having your best friend - who earlier in the year was a `` swan princess '' and a couple of years ago was a race car driver - deliver your baby but I guess even Malibu Barbie can work magnets . Just keep Midge and friends away from big brother 's computer !
 Buyer Beware ... I was looking forward to giving the doll described and pictured on this website as a gift , but when it arrived it was NOT at all as pictured or described on the website . I contacted customer service who assured me that they would fix the problem , but when they sent me a replacement , it was the same wrong doll . I , then , contacted customer service again and was told that they could n't do anything to fix the problem .
 My girls had been begging for cell phones but I just could n't make myself do that . After seeing these on tv they decided this was the next best thing . It is difficult to get this to work ... After playing with them for 3 days we still have not figured out the `` call '' or text message features . You can `` chat '' all day because that is the walkie-talkie part of it ... just push the button and speak . The camera function is very disappointing . You can see a black outline on a very dark gray screen that somewhat resembles the picture you took . I , as a parent , was very disappointed ... My 7 and 10 year old think they are okay but are not totally thrilled ... I 'm counting the minutes to when these end up in the bottom of the toy box and the requests for a REAL cell phone begin again . : -RRB-
 My daughter begged me for this item . It 's a bit pricey so I made her wait for her birthday . What a waste of my hard earned money . The pictures are so poor that you can not tell what you took a picture of - very dark and grainy even when taken outside on a bright sunny day . After the first day of purchase , my daughters no longer play with them . They use them as chairs for their Barbies .
 My child HAD to have it . Once she got it with two additional cartridges sold seprately , she found it boring .
 This thing is not cool ! It 's like you buy the 5th grade math cartridge and before you know it you 're in 6th grade , or it does n't even have your textbook . A couple months ago I bought the 5th grade math cartridge for the old iQuest and guess what ? In my class we 're doing 6th grade math ! I had wasted my $ and I 'll never buy that again !!! -LRB- Plus the old one at least is so boring , they try to disguise the - ugh - learning with address books and stuff but it is still too much learning . It 's like extra homework !!! -RRB-
 i was lead to believe that this was the old school leman russ by the first review ... . it was not . it was the brand new one which is what i didnt want to buy
 I bought the miniature schnauzer for my 5 y/o nephew . When it arrived at his house it looks like a Doberman . My sister will be sending it back . He was highly disappointed .
 Bought this with great expectations because 1 . My family loves Melissa & Doug & 2 . All the rave reviews . It arrived promptly as expected via Amazon Prime , but I 'll be returning it in the morning . Honestly it looks like it was stitched together in the dark . The face is lopsided & elongated , it has long white threads -LRB- the ones that stitch the limbs on -RRB- hanging out everywhere , the nose has a spot that is shaved bare , & it 's missing an eyebrow !! Bummed because this was supposed to be THE Santa present for my 2 year old .
 This is NOT the animal that is sent ... . The one they mail you is mostly white with a few spots . . Split colored face and hardly any other colors on him ... Few large brow spots . I am not pleased at all ... When you show a photo of something ... That should be what you get ... . VERY MISLEADING ... . The dog I received is on another website listed as an English Pointer ... Which makes more sense . Not at all like the picture in the photo . When I called they said it was a photo but not actual animal mailed . this is gon na cost a fortune to mail back ...
 I found the rocks are really hard to break -LRB- I hammered one on concrete for a while before it cracked -RRB- . Not much `` glitter '' inside . It was OK , but my 4 YO was not really interested in it , because the inside was not really all that pretty . I think its a fun one-time experiment , but we were not really that thrilled with it.Not the rocks fault - no one can tell what 's inside really . :-RRB- Maybe we just got unlucky with our batch .
 Got this for my kids for the holidays and we recently decided to break them open . The kids had a blast with that part ! They were also very curious about how the geodes formed which led to one of those `` teachable moments . '' But only one had any significant crystals in it which led to some tears on the part of my younger son who did n't get any in his share of the stash . Overall , I would n't buy this again .
 We bought these -LRB- despite other negative reviews -RRB- for our children 's science share project on different types of rocks . The idea for the geodes was to crack one for the spectators -LRB- kids and their parents -RRB- every 15 minutes . When it was time for the first one , we just could n't crack it , so my husband went outside in order to bang it harder . He went through at least 6 in order to get a couple to crack , but they were all solid -LRB- some little crystals but not much -RRB- . We were n't able to have the `` wow '' factor of cracking open a geode and seeing the cool hollow inside with any of the geodes in this kit . It was very disappointing for my kids , and also for the kids coming around to hopefully see a geode opening in person . Thankfully we had lots of other specimens available from our own collection .
 Do n't buy ! Entire box was full of `` geodes '' that were solid brown . No crystals whatsoever . I purchased this as a fun activity for my niece & we were both disappointed . Geodes can be easily identified from solid nodules -LRB- also called thundereggs -RRB- by weight , which leads me to conclude seller is quite aware that these are n't geodes . Product page states '' Ninety percent -LRB- 90 % -RRB- of geodes are filled with beautiful crystals . '' That is simply not true . I received a box of unremarkable rocks . Boo .
 my son gane me the money to order this for him . We both were really disiponted . He got onyl one to break . not worth the money .
 Not too exciting ! Expected for sparkles . You get what you pay for on this one ! Some kids might find it neat but 3 years later I have this in a drawer with most of the rocks left .
 Purchased five of these sets thinking they would be fun stocking stuffers . Wanting to check out what I purchased , I opened one of the five . The geodes are tiny -LRB- not as pictured -RRB- . It was like breaking open dirt-clods ... that have a small empty space inside ... but not crystals . Maybe it was a `` dud '' box , but will probably be returning the other four .
 These are not geodes , they are thundereggs . Thundereggs seldom have crystals inside , they are lined with agate . I 'm a geologist , I know the difference , surprising that the supplier does not . I bought 2 boxes for a family party , the kids got 3 hollows total . Very disappointing ! Note that the good reviews were much earlier , apparently they used to sell real geodes .
 these geodes are smaller than golfballs and have pretty much nothing inside them of interest except more rock so they were a HUGE disappointment . Look elsewhere for larger geodes that have the size to have fully formed crystals inside .
 The ten geodes were about the size of cocktail meatballs and three of them simply crumbled into sandy gravel . My grandkids did have fun trying to smash the rocks with a hammer and a couple geodes had a tiny amount of quartz or some sparkly mineral inside . I certainly would not spend -LSB- ... -RSB- on them again .
 Other reviews said there were n't many exciting crystals to be had from breaking the rocks open . That 's correct . Buy this if your kids are desperate for geodes , or mad about rocks . My kids are both , so they were happy with it.Money might be better spent on admission to a natural history museum .
 Our 9-year-old is quite the amateur geologist . He is totally immersed in all things `` rocks and minerals . '' . We have bought him several geode-breaking kits over the past year and this was by far the worst . Compared to others , the geodes were small , difficult to crack open -LRB- even for an adult -RRB- and mostly cracked into pieces , rather than in half . You get what you pay for
 When I ordered this , I thought it would be great to have it but when I got it , what did I see ? Just 10 small rocks in a bag . When I cut the bag , dust got into my eyes . The same day later , I cracked my first geode and got something wierd . I then learned this thing is not educational . All you do is to get a hammer , smash the geodes , and get something that is certainly not like a geode . And I just found out that they just got some quartz and/or amethyst and/or calcite and then cover it with a sandy/rocky mixture . By the way , I 'm Tong 's son , 8 years old .
 The stones are way to hard for a child to break . WE could n't break more then half of them and what was inside the ones that did break was very disappointing to the kids .
 I got this for my Geologist father for Christmas . The geodes included were n't very large , and the crystals in the geodes were n't very spectacular.For a little kid I guess it would be ok , but this was n't anything special for us .
 This was a huge disappointment to my kids - 8 , 10 , 12 . There were no crystals inside any of them ! They were extremely hard to break , but we decided that geodes that scientists discover probably are also hard to break . Once we got them open , they were sorely disappointed - not a one had any crystals . The only good point I have for this product is that I taught the kids that scientists do n't always find `` cool '' stuff as they are on their digs ...
 Kids were excited and we broke them open and it was just a rock . Solid . Nothing inside.Avoid buying this .
 there were no hollow centers in our box . but the boys still had fun because they got to use the hammer . i do not think i will recommend this item to anyone .
 These geodes were very hard to crack open . It took several good whacks with a hammer to crack them and then they tended to fly into lots of tiny pieces . They were interesting to look at once open , but not very colorful . Mostly just darker shades of grey . I 'm not an expert in any form of geodes , but these were not at all what I expected .
 I have bought geodes the last few years for my earth science class . This year these geodes were awful . They were completely solid masses with no distinctive crystalline structure . I have purchased them from another company in the past , and now in the future . I will not use this vendor to purchase this item ever again .
 This review is from my child : Today I got a holiday gift from my science teacher , one of these gifts was this geode from `` Geode Central '' . Me and my dad first , put the geode in a sock and started to hammer it ... probably took 10 minuets ... . Well 10 minuets wasted ... but in the geode like other reviews was junk ore -LRB- granite ... Umm maybe concrete -RRB- . So do n't waste your hard earned money on this . -LRB- I hope my friends at school got a successful geode , well unlike me ... -RRB- . I still kept the rock it looks like pillow lava ...
 This purchase was a BIG disappointment . The 5-year-old and 7-year old I bought the geodes for were hugely disappointed . Not one of these tiny rocks had a crystal inside . Not even a fragment . I used to purchase geodes for my daughter when she was little , and most had crystals . These were duds ! Buyer beware !
 My 9-year old , science-minded , daughter received this kit for Christmas . She collects rocks and was looking forward to both the breaking/discovery aspect and having more rocks for her collection . We wrapped the very small -LRB- walnut sized is an apt discription -RRB- geode in a sock and smacked it with a hammer and then dumped out the pieces . The rock had pretty much shattered into very small fragments , none of which were particulary crystalline or interesting . We went through a few more -LRB- destroying the sock in the process -RRB- before my daughter completely lost interest . All rock fragments were tossed - none deemed good enough for the collection . Possibly the geodes would have been more interesting if they 'd been cut by a rock saw -LRB- like the ones we got at the state fair -RRB- .
 We were pretty disappointed with the ` geodes ' . Only 1 had any crystals at all . Too , we were disappointed by the size , but that was our fault in that we went more by the picture than the written description .
 My daughter got this as a gift for her 9th birthday and was very excited to start cracking . -LRB- she has been asking for something of this nature for over a year now -RRB- Disappointed is putting it mildly . The geodes are very small and once cracked open , most did not contain any crystal structures . Now I am not a Geologist so I ca n't use proper termanology for what we found , although there were small crystals in some most were very insignifacnt . All I can say is she was let down.Not worth the money , shop around or go somewhere that they actually cut geodes open for you . Yes I know it cost alot more , but we could have had a better discovery if had cracked open a few of the rocks that we find in our garden daily .
 Not a single geode in the box was hollow . If you want a box of rocks that have a slightly different internal color than the outside then this is the box of rocks you want.Total disappointment .
 These are a huge disappointment . They are not real geodes , more like nodules of quartz covered in dirt . There is no void inside . . if you do manage to break them open -LRB- which is pretty much impossible for any kid to do , they are incredibly hard -RRB- there is nothing to see inside . RUBBISH !
 Kids were very disappointed ! Out of `` Two Boxes '' , four rocks were partially hollow with a few crystals . The rest were solid round `` Little '' rocks !
 I bought Butterscotch for Christmas for my 5 year old daughter . Although I was incredibly impressed by the quality and features of the toy , after the initial excitement wore off -LRB- about 1 week -RRB- , my daughter has n't touched the horse . I think the fact that it does n't walk or move -LRB- other than the head -RRB- , is a disappointment for a child who wants a `` real '' horse . Butterscotch is well made and interactive -LRB- and easy to assemble -RRB- , but I think it 's more entertaining for the adults who 've never had this type of toy growing up . I REALLY wish I did n't lay out all of the money I did for Butterscotch .
 We purchased this pony for Christmas . When it arrived , it would not turn on . Amazon was great about getting another one to us but it was difficult to get it back to them since the head would not come back off . The other problem is that the second pony that we received does not work right . When the pony starts to animate , it makes a noise like a motor running but does not can not catch . Sometimes it will do it what it supposed to do and other times it just makes the funny mentioned above . My four year has noticed it several times . The pony definately too expensive to have these kinds of problems .
 My daughter four year old daughter is obsessed with horses and has been from a very young age . After Christmas -LRB- when she was two -RRB- , I found a great deal on the S'mores version and was ecstatic to purchase him and bring him home . I purchased him from a store and had a hard time loading him in my car . The box was enormous , and would n't fit in my trunk . I had to open the box in the parking lot and take the pieces out to load in without the box . I left the empty box in the parking lot , hoping nothing would be wrong with the horse that would cause me to have to return him ... . After bedtime , I put S'mores together with no problems . It took about 20 minutes . When my daughter first laid eyes on him , she was super excited !! She played with him for about an hour . That week , she wanted to play each night and we did . However , the excitement wore off and now he collects dust . Whenever her friends come over , they like to play with him -LRB- for about 5 minutes -RRB- , but that is the only time he gets any love . The toy itself is a very neat idea . When you clap or make a noise , he responds by looking in your direction . The chewing of the carrot -LRB- and any other item that will fit in his mouth -RRB- is very interesting . We have had a problem with the `` riding '' feature . He does n't actually ride , but when you sit on him and slap his side , it makes a clomping noise and his head moves up and down like he is moving . My daughter can not get this to work on her own -LRB- even after two years -RRB- and I have a hard time as well . I have to really hit him in the general area several times before I hit the right spot and he goes . Also , the harness worked for about a week and then fell apart . I have a dog leash tied around his neck ... It 's a cute toy for what I paid for him , but I really ca n't imagine spending full price on a toy that is n't that captivating ...
 This horse is cute and my 4 year old was very excited upon seeing her standing under the Christmas Tree this past Christmas but it did not live up to my expectations . Assembly was easy . Be warned , the horse arrives without its head being put on . And the quality of the product is very good.My daughter played non stop with `` Princess '' for about a week . Now she hardly touches her . I think part of the problem is that she ca n't get on her by herself . But I also think she wanted a horse that would move and this horse does n't move except for its head and tail.Had I to do it over again , I would have bought an old fashioned rocking horse .
 This pony should Gallup for what you pay for it . My 5-year-old twins wanted this pony so badly , I caved in and only bought one because of its hefty price tag . Yes they did play with her-but not as much playtime to warrant this hefty price tag . My suggestion-by it gently used on EBAY for a Discounted price - Hope this review was Helpful !
 WHY on earth would a child need all the electronics in this thing ? My girls ' grandmother has a sturdy , large stuffed pony that probably cost at least half what this does . That pony does everything this pony does AND MORE - WITHOUT batteries ! It 's called IMAGINATION , people !!! The very first time anything goes wrong or breaks with this pony , it 's ruined . Grandma 's pony has far fewer things that could go wrong with it , and probably could be repaired by anyone with an upholsterer 's needle and a thimble . Do your child a favor - buy one like Grandma 's , and spend the rest of the money on REAL trail rides , pony carousels , and hay rides . You and your child will have a lot more fun .
 My daughter wanted this pony SO bad for Christmas last year . She was 4 then , and loved horses . She spent an hour in the toy store playing with it , so we thought this was perfect . Well , she thought it was the best thing for about a week , and she never really played with it again . It has been sitting in our playroom for a year . She is now 5 , and still does n't play with it . Our other daughter , 2-1/2 , does n't play with it either . Their friends come over and look at it for a few minutes , and they do n't play with it . I really wish we did n't spend so much money on this toy .
 When we went to put this pony together on christmas eve , the neck made a horrible noise and lilted to the left . It was horrible . We had to give it to our kids like that because there was no time to fix it and I thought we would be able to replace it . Hasbro said that they were discontinued so they could n't replace it and they did n't send me the price I had paid for the pony , but the price it was on clearance after christmas . It was a horrible experience , and though a hasbro rep said she would refund the other 100 dollars , she never did , and they made us send them the head of the pony and dispose of the body ourselves . My kids were sad and it was a really bad experience .
 Transformers - big hit since the movie - but they are tough and tedious to transform . Takes an engineering degree . Kids love playing with them but they want them transformed all the time and that is not quality time with the kids .
 I got this for my 7 yr old son mostly due to a very low price this Christmas . Also , the fact that it was an official NASCAR name car made it something I thought he would enjoy . My son is very good at putting lego sets together but these are NOT LEGOS . The directions , which normally he can do without trouble , are confusing , even for me . We have yet to put it together as we 've been too busy . legos are normally something he can do without help and without frustration and that has not been the case with these . If they are at full price , I would n't have purchased but would recommend buying lego sets for the same price . You 'll get directions that are clear for children to use and bricks that actually stay put when you put them together .
 We got this for our 6 year old son as a Xmas present.It was missing about 5 pieces of which 2 were critical for building the car . The car never ever got builtbecause of the missing pieces . My son was very disappointed in the Jeff Gordon car . Jeff Gordon is his favorite driver.Now he did like the little Jeff Gordon guy with his little cool racing helmet .
 It comes in a nice packaging with a wooden tray to house the loose pieces . Unfortunately the letterings were too big for my usage .
 I was so disapointed in this !!! I really was so excited to give this to my four year old for Christmas ! Ok so where do I start ?? ,1 -RRB- Well the Ink is really crappy ! I would definantly get different ink ! It is washable and that is nice , but you can barely see the stamps when you stamp them . I have tried it on several diffrent types of paper and it still does not make a difference ! I can see if a child younger than 4 was going to use it then it would make sense to have washable paint . But it does not make sense for an older child . 2 -RRB- Some of the letters on the alphabet are backwards ! So i have to draw on the front of the stamp which way it really goes , so my boy does not get confused ! 3 -RRB- I did read in one of the reviews that it does not come in a very user friendly container I did not think much of that , but when I got it i realized that it was annoying ! Not the biggest deal but another downfall !
 Stamps are about the size of a small ice cube and could cause a chocking hazard to children that put things in their mouths , box has large empty space under cardboard logo card . A little small if you ask me .
 Okay so I must not be in the right demographic , since i know this is targeted at kids . However , I got them to create a hand-stamped title on a self-made book cover , and was extremely disappointed in how hard these are to make look nice . I do n't know if this goes the same way with all type-stamps , but i think it has to do with the fact that the letters are in the middle of a square shaped stamp , therefore making it impossible to kern right .
 We have gotten very little use out of this set , not as much as I hoped . My daughter was excited about it at first until we tried using it . The ink pad is terrible and barely works so her letters could barely be seen . I tried to wet it and that did not help . I tried using an existing ink pad I had and it worked , but my daughter specifically wanted a rainbow pad like what came with the set . Until I get new ink pads for this the product is not going to get any use . Unfortunately she already has a bad attitude about it and it is likely she will not want to try it again .
 Once again , this was part of an order I thoght was N scale . Alas , it was not . I did not use it , so I can not rate it ; however , through the plastic window , the detailing was quite poor .
 I ordered the Stella with black hair for my daughter . The doll arrived with a totally different pacifier than is pictured . Mine is a pink heart shape , with a purple flower `` sticker '' on it . This one shows in more of a butterfly shape . However , the MAIN problem is that my pacifier has a hole in the bottom . It looks as if they did n't have quite enough material to stitch it correctly , so it was pulled too tight , and caused the material to stretch to the point of ripping . This is a CHOKING HAZZARD , as there is a loose small magnet inside the pacifier . Of course I was unable to give it to my 1 year old daughter to play with . Also , the dolls diaper is stitched poorly , with a line of stitching meandering all over the place , including OFF the diaper , so that the fabric is unraveling . I called Manhattan Toy Company first , to see if they could replace the diaper and the pacifier . They were unable to do so , and suggested I return it to Amazon . That is what I am doing , however , I was n't impressed with their customer service . The woman was completely uninterested in the fact that this was a choking hazzard , and did n't offer so much as an apology . I would probably order another doll and hope I can get one in better shape , as my daughter really likes it . However , I would warn you that the quality control may not be up to par , and the customer service could be better .
 I decided not to give to 18 month old granddaughter because there is a magnet in the pacifer and a magnet under one layer of cloth on the doll and was afraid she would bite on it and somehow get to the magnet . I put it away untill she stops chewing on things . But it is a cute doll .
 My daughter got this doll right after her first birthday . It is a cute doll , easy for her to play with , and she likes it a lot . After 5 months , I noticed her finger stitches were coming out on one hand . I know how to sew so I fixed it . Today -LRB- we 've had Stella for 6 months -RRB- , I noticed her head was coming unattached ! There was an inch gap between her neck and her head . Again , I know how to sew so I fixed it , but I ca n't believe she 's coming apart so easily . My daughter is NOT rough with her so it is a factory problem . This doll would be 1000 times better if it was made to last . I 'm pretty disappointed .
 Bought this doll for my very young daughter to grow with . Was initially pleased , but within short order , the stitching up the seam of the doll 's back began to unwind , leaving an ever growing hole for stuffing to come through . Inquisitive little fingers did n't help the situation . Had to take it away from her till I had time to mend it . The shoddy workmanship is real disapointment . I guess it 's lucky I 'm pretty good with a needle and thread , but for the money this doll cost , I should n't have to be !
 The pacifier has a magnet in it that I was afraid could be chewed off and swallowed by samll granddaughter or pet . Did n't feel it was a safe toy . I would not recommend this doll .
 My mom purchased this for my daughter who is 12 months . The velcro on it very sharp and scraped her face , to where it drew blood . Also , one of the dolls feet has no toes sewn but the other one does . The diaper and pants constantly come off . It is a very soft doll excpet for the velcro edges being so sharp . She purchased it from amazon to , not sure if it was a defected doll or what . My daughter plays with it without the clothes on it now . I personally would n't spend the money for it , my daughter likes every doll she has just as much as this one .
 After reveiwing the top requested toys for ages 3 girls on amazon.com , I decided to oreder this Stella doll . What a waste of time , effort , and money . This was very much a disappointment ! Could have gone to Walmart and spent 5.00 and would have gotten more for my money !! Sad , very sad !!
 My son absolutely LOVES playing with this toy , however , I ca n't stand it since the plastic smell is very strong . I 've tried leaving it outside overnight a few times , but it still smells . Too bad I 'm going to have to find a replacement for this toy , since I ca n't stand the smell . At least we can keep the shopping basket ...
 I have the full size version of this game . It 's fun to play . I like different , this game is different . But the Travel Version of this game that I received was just slapped together in someone 's backyard ! The game-board itself is a paper playing board glued to a magnetic surface which is glued to a wooden box . The magnet underneath the playing surface does n't even reach the edges of the playing field , so the edges are not magnetic . Whoever glued the playing surface together was extremely sloppy ! There is glue residue all around the edges of the playing field . It seriously looks like some little kid put this together . One of the playing pieces did n't even have a magnet glued to the bottom of it . It just fell out when I opened the box . The top portion of the box has another playing field on it . Only the paper playing field is warped . Extremely low quality . This thing was clearly made on a Friday , before a holiday , because there was just no care in quality control . I returned it . Shame , I really wanted this .
 We did n't realize exactly how small this expensive $ 20 Cathedral game was going to be , despite it being the travel edition , it is really small , and we would have preferred a picture of the product in comparison to other household items before ordering . The moment we opened the cover , the metal play grid fell off
 I ordered this toy online , but I am not sure I would have noticed the dangers in person either.My three year old niece was excited to play with this toy , but now she is a bit afraid of it . And rightfully so ! The yellow plastic `` spring '' with green wooden springboard on top pinched her hand -LRB- between her thumb and forefinger -RRB- and she was STUCK . It was very painful and left a welt , and she was n't able to free herself . Her dad had to figure out how to gently push the yellow and green part down so that her hand could come loose . She avoided that part of the toy but then , a piece of the wood from the red platform splintered off and the poor kid had a huge red splinter stuck in her hand . I just hope that the paint is safe ! It did not draw blood , but again her Dad had to use my purse tweezers to remove this huge splinter ! I felt horrible that my niece and her parents were subjected to so much trauma , from a toy that I had gotten to ENTERTAIN them as my GUESTS ! >=-P I really liked the toy , and the name is cute , but I should hope that they would try to design items that are safe and do not leave our children slightly maimed ...
 Ordered the 14 '' plush PETRIE and after two weeks of sitting there I finally get shipped a 14 '' LITTLE FOOT.I am NOT a happy Mama .
 This item is a prepainted highly detailed resin figure that stands 85mm high . There are two points of articulation that allow the secondary arms to be extended , but that 's it.I like this item because I am a Robocop fan and think the robotic design is interesting . But I was disapointed by the diminuative size of the piece and that I dont think of this as a model kit . I think that a model kit should take at least an hour to build . Thats most of the fun.This item has arms and legs that snap onto the body and do not articulate . Together with the stand , the entire kit consists of seven peices.I am very impressed with the molded detail and painting of the figure .
 I resently ordered this item . I is n't a very good likeness of the charater , and the white hand on his face is n't as bold as the picture.Now the arrow launching . I 've tried several times , and I 've gotten very few good launches . He ca n't hold the arrows in a position for very long , and he ca n't pull the arrow and string back very far . This is a very flimsy designBesides that , he is a very good figure . He stands very well , and a good leader of any evil army.This figure is fun , but if you think he 's like the picture , guess again !!
 I 'm the father of 5 year old twins . -LRB- using my wife 's login to write this . -RRB- Thought this would be a fun thing for them while they 're out running around the yard , or driving their battery-powered Jeeps.Problem is , these things have a useful range of about 10 feet . No kidding . Move beyond that and the static builds so quickly you ca n't hear anything else.They 're useless . If it did n't cost so much to send 'em back , I 'd return 'em , but I 'll just write off the $ 14.99 + .
 My son got these as a birthday gift . Unfortunately we had to return it b/c all we heard was static . So , being the good person I am , I did an replacement option . Bad idea . The second pair did n't work either!So , this time , I got a refund.I will say that Amazon was very nice about the whole situation and I did n't have any problems with them ... just the product .
 When you put em on , full blast in your hear ! Now I am stuck with a stupid hearing aid ! Do not risk it PLEASE !!!!!!!!! You ca n't do this !!!!!!!!!! Please !! I am now DEAF !!!!!!! Terrible product !
 I hate these walkie talkies ! Now my friend ca n't even talk to me . This is a BIG WARNING . Please Do n't even test them . I am deaf in one ear now . I wish they never even made them . Do not risk it . I am begging you . Please , no ! Good thing my mom ran over them with her car on accident .
 This product is made of great materials and authentic looking game parts . The only problem is the rules of the game that need improved . It lacks a good point to the game and how to get there . There is little chance for strategy with the main ploy being the roll of the dice .
 What a disapointment.The packaging and production values suggest that whoever made this game cared a great deal about the look and feel of he game . Metal miniature ships -LRB- that hold a custom pirate flag -RRB- metal doubloons that have heft and look like they came from the age of pirates . A * gorgeous * cloth map full of themed art and pirate ports of call.Awesome , right?Then you read the rules and wonder if somebody is putting you on . Seriously ? The rules just can not be this lame.But they are . On a map full of ports and mysterious destinations you ignore ALL BUT 5 of them.The luxurious doubloons ? They have the same value as the glass bead `` treasure '' - so all their thematic value is wasted.Most disappointing it the complete * absence * of strategy.How far will my ship move ? I 'll roll a die to find out.How many jewels will I seize/buy from this port ? I 'll roll a die to find out.Will I defeat this ship in battle ? I 'll a die to find out.There are almost no modifiers to the impossibly bland mechanic of `` you roll a die , and I 'll roll one too . Highest die wins . '' With every outcome equally random , there are no good choices-NO strategy.Worse , the game ends when all the glass beads from all ports have been collected.Each port will have 10 beads , you can raid/trade for a maximum of 6 , and you must raid/trade elsewhere before you can revisit the same port.The map is 32x17 spaces -LRB- approx between the 4 ports that matter -RRB- . You roll 2 six sided dice to move . Average move of 6 spaces a turn.What all of that translates to is a player arrives is a port and tries to raid . They roll a six sided , as does their opponent . Even odds they win or lose . If they win , they 'll get an average of three gems . If they lose thy get nothing . Either way , though , they 'll have to cross the entire board -LRB- 3 roll and move turns one way , 6 for the long way -RRB- and repeat the same randomness all over again.The board is too large for players ships to run into each other frequently , and since ship to ship battles use the same `` highest six wider wins '' rule there 's little value and less excitement for bothering to fight.The result is that every game devolves into players shuttling between the corners ports and hoping to luck into some gems . Very young children might find this fun for a time - anyone above the age of five will soon be rooting for someone , anyone , to win so the game can finally end . My son was genuinely excited to play this game at first , now he never mentions it . We might have played it three times . I was done with it after one game.The only scenario that explains this game was a game company who blew their entire budget on the components , asked for more to finish the rules - and were instead told to finish the game by the end of the day . The rules seem like the work product of a few desperate graphic designers saying `` we ca n't hire seasoned rule designers , but how hard could it be ? `` Lots of pretty , zero game value . I hereby throw down the gauntlet to all game designers out there : I challenge you all to design a set of rules for Dread Pirate that is equal in quality to its game components . The bits are AWESOME , they deserve better than the parhetic rules they share a box with . Do it for the sake of all the poor souls who bought this game . Do it for pirate games in general -LRB- a genre that could use some quality -RRB- . Mostly , do it for the poor dreamer who believed they could make the best pirate game ever only to watch it turn into this mess.Game designers , go to work !
 Now physically , this is a beautiful piece of work . Just holding the box makes you want to buy it . And if temperamentally you are drawn to pirate games -- who can resist the allure of breaking the rigid rules of the sea ? -- you ca n't help buying it , and even this review wo n't dissuade you . But beware -- this is a non-starter of a game . There are tons of rules , but they do n't interdigitate in any way to make a compelling game . The goal of becoming a dread pirate is unmotivated and easily reversed . Further , there is an arbitrariness as to overall strategy that means the less aggressive players simply float around , like a clueless detective lost in the mansion of Clue , or a follower of Gandhi playing Risk.Now I admit that I tended to play with someone who , temperamentally , could not be less suited for this sort of game . The problem is that you need to CHOOSE which of your fellows to go for . Like croquet , this leads to seriously bruised feelings . People may take your attacks and your raid somewhat personally . She could n't take that sort of guilt and would constantly apologize -- `` I 'm sorry I 'm sorry I 'm sorry '' -- for simply doing what kept the game moving . -LRB- We never played Hasbro 's Sorry -- which is an excellent version of the classic Indian game Parcheesi -- but I can see from where they got the name ! -RRB- At the time I would wonder how someone could ever work her way up to vice president of a major candy corporation without being comfortable with a little aggression.But the thing about Dread Pirate , in contrast to Parcheesi , is that there is too little constraint on where you go and what you do . It 's as if a boxing match involved four people sitting down , and on your turn , you could walk over to any of the other three and smack him on the back of the head while he was n't looking . And then sit down and wait.And most dice games like this breed more anger than heavily skill-based games ; I 'm not sure why . But when you 're beaten in chess , you 're beaten . There 's no one else to blame but yourself -- there were rules , you knew them , and the opposition just used those rules better than you . But with Dread Pirate , every loss seems quite unfair . If the game did n't take quite so long , that would n't be much of a problem . But after 50 minutes , you do n't want the game to hang on a single piece of randomness . Then even the winner is likely to feel pretty bad . -LSB- 19 -RSB-
 When I bought this product , I assumed that I would be able to lock it with a simple lock , even if I had to purchase the lock separately . Instead , this LOCKer is no more than a simple shelving unit .
 I bought this for my 1 year old daughter thinking she would like pulling a little train around and popping the different characters up and down in the little cars , and learning how to stack them up . It held her attention for a few minutes and then she was finished with it . It also feels cheaply made . Wish I had spent my money on something better .
 Yes , plain and simple , my daughter LOVES this toy , but she is 3 and does n't know the meaning of the word `` quality '' . This toy has none , just like anything else made in China . It 's a good idea , but I would gladly pay five , or even ten times the price for a quality toy made in US or even in China .
 This product was not well made and in fact my son received a new set for his birthday that he plays with instead . This one will be thrown out .
 My son is 8 and this toy is bringing him to tears . He wants so bad to transform it and neither I nor his father can figure out the tiny graphics on the instructions . They should change the age rating on this toy or make better instructions . We have him partially transformed now and am putting a call into his engineer uncle to see if he can figure it out . My son is a whiz at lego instructions and other complex instructional toys so this is a big bummer for us and we are dissapointed!Buyer Beware !!
 This toy is disapointing.First of all , this toy looks very little like the Megatron that was in the movie . It is stubby and stocky and presents none of the lethal intent the movie character does . The vehicle mode only slightly looks like the vehicle from the movie , and the transformation is much harder than it should be considering the results.In robot mode this toy is hard to pose and unstable when standing . The feet do not support the toy except in a very narrow range of poses . The toys hands are useless and do not even look like hands , they can not hold any of the other toys weapons or anything else . The `` Chain whip '' is kind of neat , and a nice nod to the original Transformer 's cartoon character , but was not featured in the movie . His hand supposedly combine to form a `` Fusion Cannon '' but it looks nothing like the movie version . Also , the gun does n't stay open without holding it open . The arms have a lot of kibble in the form of the `` nose '' of the plane , which serves no purpose in robot mode . The lights and sound gimmick it only OK . The Scream kind of make sense for this toy , but the yellow lights do not -LRB- blue lights for the ice , maybe ? -RRB- . The lights and sound gimmick add weight and bulk to what should be a fairly thin figure.In Vehicle mode , the legs fold under the wings , making them look blocked up instead of like wings . Also the `` tail '' of the aircraft does n't really lock into place and can flop around if touched . If the tail flops it tends to knock the legs free from their pegs on the wings . The wings are meant to unfold automatically , but this never fully worked on my toy . They unfold , but never fully without me having to push them down until the gear locks -LRB- there is a visible white gear on the wing hinges -RRB- . Also the head is completely visible while in vehicle mode . The arms form the front of the plane , but again do not lock together well and come apart easily.All in all this toy suffers from a lot of the same problems many other movie transformer toys suffer from . The character was designed for the movie first with no thought to how the toy would work , and the toy suffered from it .
 Megatron has to be one of the worst detailed transformers I have every seen . There are only 3 colors on his whole body , blue , gray-silver , and the clear red plastic . His head does not even light up like it does on the box . Also , if you look at the back of the box , the button for the lights and sound is in a different place . I know that none of the other movie transformers look like what is on the back of the box 100 % , but megatron is not even close . I have all the movie transformers and this one is just horrible .
 This is VERY hard to put together ! Also , it does n't want to `` stay '' together once transformed ... not worth the money !!!
 ah Megatron the first Bayformer i bought in a time i was still hoping the movie chould be good but the movie had nothing to do with G1 -LRB- think super mario bros-the movie,streetfigher-the movie or Godzilla -RRB- a 2/5 star moviebut what of the toy?well as a toy its nice in robot mode -LRB- or silver-Goblin mode as i like to cal it -RRB- its a nice monster however why is it al grey ? also when you pull the '' chest-clip '' you hear a velociraper yawning why is this?in cybertronian jet mode -LRB- or flying crab mode -RRB- well its ... ugly almost as if this figure was rushed his legs head and arms are still visible unlike Bayformers Optimus Primeas a Transformerin robot mode it hase the same shape a beastwars Silverbolt but it just does not look like a robot ! and more like a bionacle however this toy looks better than his cgi counterpart ironic when you think that in G1 times the animated versions always looks better than the toys!and as Megatron?oh boy this hase nothing to do wite his G1 counterpart that transformers into a gun -LRB- this explanes the gray collor ! -RRB- also it is very dissapointing to see the almost elegent G1 Megatron as a hollywood clich&eacute; monster its like turning Darth Vader into a Alien from yes the ALIEN movies this makes animated armada Magatron look almost acceptible ! -LRB- terrible shoulders terrible ears terrible face/helmet -RRB- so ... ? great monter toy but terrible transformer/Megatron
 Ok , maybe I 'm being a little over-zealous calling it the `` worst , '' but it 's probably the biggest let down . I 've been pretty skeptical about him but I found him on sale and jumped on it . I like having him to go beside my movie Optimus Prime , but I kinda wished I hung on to my money . My list of complaints is pretty long .1 . The paint application and plastics are cheap looking . On the box he 's got these great metallic colors , but the toy is a stock , plain gray with a few light , dull , paint applications .2 . The alternate mode is just so flimsy and confusing . It took me forever to position the legs properly and I still had to force them into place a bit . And the arms are just kind of hanging limply . The instructions are so vague sometimes you 're better off looking at the photos on the box to figure it out for yourself .3 . I really get the feeling that they took full advantage of the fact that Megatron had very little screen time and when he was on screen it was so hectic and quick , because it definitely feels like they took some big liberties with his appearance . One of my biggest complaints about his appearance
 I do n't see anything learning in this toy . Does not worth these money . The shape of the windows -LRB- holes -RRB- in the sides do not allow to hold puzzles in place , all of them fall down inside . Nothing special , just waste of money
 The Ark fell apart when it was used . Had to glue it back together . It is not very well made .
 I really thoroughly dislike this toy . I thought it was cute when my 2-year-old got it as a present , but quickly realized it would be a pain in my behind . The ark doors fold down to open , which makes sense , except that the elastic that is meant to hold them closed when you want them closed stopped working within a week . This means that 1 -RRB- all the pieces fall out as soon as you try to move the toy so you spend 10 minutes cleaning it up every time 2 -RRB- the doors stay permanently open so the toy becomes a few inches longer , and nearly impossible to put away in a cupboard since the open ark doors make it too long for the cupboard door to close . It 's now a year later and my son still plays with the pieces , dumping them and parading them around our house , but never uses the toy as a `` shape sorter . '' Even though he knows the pieces fit in specific holes on the ark , he 's never cared and shoves them in sideways in any of the holes . I would not consider this a shape-sorting toy or educational in that way . Educational in terms of talking about animals , yes , but we can get that from a myriad of other toys and books we have . We also have a bunch of other animals that can be used as animal/parade toys , so this toy is pretty useless for what it was intended .
 This one can be entitled
 This is a very solidly made toy , but as for being a shape sorter ... it 's a joke . You can drop the pieces through virtually any hole and once it 's unpackaged it has so many animal shaped cut-outs that it basically resembles a puzzle with numerous missing pieces . The only use my 2-year old has for this toy is dumping out the animal pieces and spreading them all over the house . I regret the purchase .
 I purchased this for my 2 year old twins that love their little plastic shape sorter . I was quickly drawn to it because it was Noah 's Ark themed and looked like it would be tons of fun for the kids . I am also a big fan of Melissa & Doug products.They excitedly opened the box and took all the animals out . The proceeded to pickup each animal piece and drop them one by one through the * same * hole . You see , this is not like the shape sorters from years ago where each piece will only fit into one hole ... when turned to the side the pieces will fit in any hole . It was n't a challenge and they were n't interested in playing with it .
 Take this review with a grain of salt , as I only played the game once . In our game there was little interest in appeasing the Goth and some of us paid the price . The price ended up being that a player 's personal economy was destroyed beyond repair , and they sat through the rest of the game watching others progress . They could never proceed again . There were five of us playing and by the end only two were moving . The first of the three who was terminally crippled in his progress was about a third through the game -LRB- by my hand -RRB- and the second - half way -LRB- kharma , I guess -RRB- , the third - just prior to the last quarter . In other games , it 's one thing to know you are n't going to win , but at least you can putter along and make token advances , but not in this game . You do n't even get the satisfaction of getting killed ! Nothing like wallowing in bankrupcy . I guess the bright side is that you could have a long opportunity to learn from your mistakes .
 I bought this with the hope of gaining more knowledge of the Klingons . I had not heard of Gurps nor knew what it was , but in retrospect , I wish I had done more research . This data file is completely useless if you are looking for information centered around the current Klingon lore and mythos . Basically , the entire book is for the Gurps Prime Directive RPG ONLY . It contains nothing in relation to current language , beliefs , or novels . The d' k tahg , is n't even referred to as such . The artwork and the designs of the ships are lame . The only thing I found interesting was in this version of events , there is a lot of depth to their universe . But , nothing that can be reflected to today 's more superior Klingons . Do n't waste your money .
 My son is 6 I bought this for him ... it 's horrible . Not only does the new look of the great classic decepicon Starscream look like total crap but it 's hard to transform and has to many peices that fall off or snap off which sucks for a 6 years olds plaything .
 The color should have been more accurate . In the movie he 's a grey f22 , not brown . There 's a little flap that hides his face . That flap should have been a little bigger , because in airplane mode you can still see his head . I end up having to turn his head a full 180 to hide it . The cannons work poorly . In the movie , only one of Stascream 's hands turn into a missle launcher . For that reason Hasbro should have giving him regular robot arms , which also woud have been easier to conceal in airplane mode and made a missle launcher to attach to his arm . Like they did for '08 camero bumble bee . The legs are done great , they should have used that same accuracy to make the arms . For all the transformers the little wholes that the parts snap into should have been a little deeper , because the pieces snap off too easily.Transformers Movie Voyager Starscream
 Do n't waste your money ... get the metal die-cast Mater instead . We bought this one because the `` pull-back '' action seemed like fun -LRB- presumably it would make Mater drive backwards -RRB- . It worked ONE TIME and then broke . His hook broke off too because it is made of plastic . Buy the metal Mater and have lots more play-time with it . My son wanted to tow cars around with Mater 's hook but since that broke off this Mater is destined for the garbage bin . Worthless .
 I was excited to receive the trampoline . I work 10-hour days and by the time I leave for work and get home at least 12 have gone by . I had a post-it note on my door from UPS and I tried to contact them to make arrangements to pick the package up . Online I could n't get anywhere as well when I called the 800 number it was all automated and could n't make arrangements . My thought was that sense this did n't work I 'd wait for the note to pick up at the UPS center about an hour away -LRB- they 've done it before -RRB- . Before I knew it , it was sent back to the sell whom by the way had no way of contacting . I checked Amazon.com and there was no way to call , email or mail a letter to the seller of my situation . There for I lost a good deal -LRB- noticed later it cost more -RRB- and no way to talk to sell . I was very disappointed in the matter . So if you 're someone who is home all the time , this will work for you . But if you are away from home a lot , I would n't order from this seller . I understand it was done for my protection and the product but there still should have been contact with the seller to make some kind of arrangement after the matter .
 My husband bought this for my son thinking it would help him crawl . This toy is about the size of my hand and very boring . It crawls side ways -LRB- I guess to be like a real crab -RRB- but only crawls for like 2 seconds and then stops . I do n't think I would recommend buying this .
 The toy is great but parents need instructions on how to program the toy . My son is only 5 years old and relies on dad `` to know everything.Craig Symons
 Do n't buy this toy . It is cheap ! My son got it for a birthday present and it broke within 30 seconds of using it . It slipped out of his hands , landed on the floor -LRB- carpeted -RRB- , and that was it ... does n't work at all . I 'm trying to get in touch with the manufacturer to see if they will replace it , but no luck yet .
 This toy -- a glorified remote control car -- is expensive at about $ 50 . But , what you learn after you put it together is that you MUST buy a special battery pack for another $ 29.99 ! It is very noisy also . I would NOT reccommend spending $ 80.00 on this toy .
 I bought this toy for my son . When I read everything about it there was not one thing about having to buy a rechargeble battery pack for it . That costs 29 $ . This is a very expensive toy as it is . I was disappointed when I recieved it in the mail and learned that the toy did not come with it . I am very upset and feel mislead . I am debating on whether or not to send it back . Please make sure that you educate your customers on all that is required to run the toys.Angry mom
 I bought Tasha and Austin from another seller and they were pretty cute and decent size but unfortunately this ones are much more smaller !!! and the colors are n't as bright as they look in the pictures . My daughter notices the difference between this ones -LRB- I bought Pable and Tyrone -RRB- and Tasha and Austin.Ty Beanie Buddie - Austin - Backyardigans BuddyTy Beanie Buddie - Tasha - Backyardigans Buddy
 My 4 yr old son received this item for Christmas last year and was thrilled , he absolutely loved it , that is until it just quit working after one week . We tried replacing the batteries , etc. , and could not get it to work again . Now he just has a `` hard '' stuffed animal . I probably should have taken it back , but since I had ordered it online , I was unsure if I would have problems . My son was very disappointed , as he wanted this toy badly . Since the price has dratically dropped , I debated getting him another one , but after a review from another consumer , I am hesitant.Maybe Disney ought to rethink and get involved with their defective toys . It does n't matter where it was purchased , it comes from Disney .
 There 's a reason that you can not find the size in the description . It is 2 to 3 inches tall , and very disappointing .
 The tail rotor fell off right out of the box on the first throttle up . The landing gear fall off if you do not glue them yourself . Not only is it poorly made for the money but it is an extreemly touchy machine . Main rotor to tail mixing have to be perfect . Final thought ... . After several hours of hard work adjusting the tail to main rotor mix I managed to get it to stay in the air for a few seconds . If you want an R/C helicopter try the Japanese made Hirobo XRB SR. .
 this toys has still not arrived at the destination . It has been over a month . Still trying to track it down !!!!! not good
 Horrible toy , sings only 2 lines i returned it as it was not at all attractive and not worth the money
 We threw this one away and got a kiddie pool that does not blow up . We like it much better . After using the whale just a few times , we got several leaks and had to patch it up . Finally , we got tired of the air leaking out and the tail falling over into the pool so we just threw it away . I would have sent it back but it 's not worth the trouble for it 's price .
 First of all have to say that once again where do they get the people in these photos.Just like Banzai and many others the image of the people is not true to size.There is no way an adult can sit in this pool along with 2 children.This pool is more for little kids under age 4 maybe 3 even.The bottom is very slippery more like that of the newer slipnslides that are out nowseems like the material is the same as those things.We had a few hard falls in this pool more than any other we have had for the kids.This is NOT one to ever put on a driveway like i see some people doing these daysFind a nice SOFT spot on your lawn for it to help cushion falls.Yes a YOUNG child will have fun in this pool.You on the other hand might want to smack the thing.We did have to patch the one three times to make it last even the 3mnths . Do not expect this to last much longer than one summer.We had two of them and neither one lasted more than 3mthswhy go back for another you ask if i did not like themwe got duplicate gifts of this pool one year and after using the 1st one for a monthit was too late to take the other one back for something else .
 Not really pleased with this purchase . The wood is already breaking at the edges . Thought this would be a better purchase than the cardboard stacking blocks-it was n't . It does have a cute design on the blocks
 I remember reading reviews for this product and thought - great my child will love it . She likes toys that make music and flash lights . What a disappointment !! She could care less about the wings that turn and does n't really seem interested in the lights or songs . And it seems like the same songs and words are playing -LRB- driving me and my husband crazy -RRB- . Most of the time I can find her chewing the green suction cup on the bottom of this toy -LRB- the suction NEVER sticks -RRB- . For what we paid for this toy it is NOT worth it .
 Never received . Incorrect item shipped initially , and later was told it was out of stock . Refund was eventually given .
 I suppose the basketball goal itself is fairly decent for the price . I could n't say for sure because after owning it for a month I have yet to get it up . It came with two different parts missing . The instructions are not very good and parts are not numbered and in some cases not even identified . I initially called customer service and had to go through the instruction book with them to show them the step where the part was supposed to be used . Even after being very specific in my description they still managed to send the wrong part . When I called them back to correct their mistake they were very uncooperative , but the customer service representative did promise she would upgrade my shipping . Unfortunately not only did she not upgrade but the part did not go out for nearly a week . I will never purchase another product from this company . I just hope I can get this thing up sometime soon .
 I bought the Hawk Scale Dodge 426 Hemi engine kit , which arrived promptly with the packaging in perfect condition . I got a big shock , however , when I went to assemble it ! The diecast pieces , particularly the crankcase , are so badly warped that the kit can not be assembled as shown . The ends of the crankcase will not screw to the crankcase itself correctly , so the cylinder heads do not fit , nor does the inlet manifold . Attempting to straighten diecast parts is usually a recipe for disaster , so I have E-mailed Hawk directly on the 14th December to ask for replacements , but to date have had no response . I have read Jason 's review , and hope that his his nephew does not have as bad an example as I got , or he will have a lot of trouble with it . Unless my flawed example is just a one-off , I would recommend that customers avoid this kit .
 I finally bought the nintendo monopoly and the first thing I notice when I open the box is that the Master 's Sword is labeled as Zelda 's sword.Yes , it belong to Zelda 's family but IT 'S NOT ZELDA 'S SWORD . IT 'S LINK 'S SWORD ! I SWEAR !! If the company knows nothing about nintendo , why make it ?! Seriously !!
 It is not the seller 's fault , but this version of the game has been discontinued and Amazon will not update the pictures !!! You will get the new monopoly where all the characters are pictured across the board the same size . Eeeergh Amazon !!
 Really not worth the time it takes . I play Mexican Train and thought this would help organize the hand . Not so , after two hands I put them aside and went back to old method on the table . Dominoes are too close to each other and only on one level .
 I have purchased other domino trays from other manufacturers and this brand is not even functional . Should be taken off the market .
 These wooden racks look very nice , however they did n't work for us . The groove was too deep and hid some of the dots on our dominos . They needed a bit of a slant to work as well as the plastic ones . I wish they were made like the plastic ones , then I would choose these instead . I returned ours .
 I selected these trays as they had free shipping , but they are really too small to use with Mexican Train dominoes and be able to easily view the dominoes . The trays also have a rather unpleasant odor .
 Found that we could n't use these boards for the dominos could see both side if put in up right and laying down was to hard to read and see . Sorry , will not be able to use this stand for this Amazon game of Mexican Train .
 I ordered too many trays , but the trays worked out well , and will used the extra ones I bought for another gift for another grand daughter .
 Although we thought this was a necessary item for the Mexican Train game , it is n't ! The trays are awkward . The tiles fall out of them all the time -LRB- funny angle -RRB- . Once the tiles are placed , you really ca n't see the numbers . We actually tried the trays once and put them away . We much prefer lining them up on the table . That works much better .
 My Lifetime 1558 worked well enough until tragedy struck ... The system was blown over by a strong wind even though the base is full of sand . The rim landed on the court and was bent . More importantly , the frame was bent where the rim connects to the backboard . Now the rim is angled upwards at 30 degrees and is horribly out of round.Lifetime customer service does n't offer any repair advice for `` liability reasons '' or provide repair service . The two replacement parts are expensive , two-thirds the cost of the original purchase . I 'm just not sure I want to invest more in a system that was so easily damaged .
 I have used this exact hoop , my in-laws have it . I can tell you that for a portable hoop , it is excellent . So I was very happy to see it on Amazon , and at a better price than my local sporting goods store.The package arrived on time -LRB- Prime Membership - love it -RRB- , but was a total mess . I do n't know if it fell off a truck a few times , or is a previous customer return , but box the box was basically destroyed and taped back together with lots of packaging tape . There were literally parts sticking out of the box . I took pictures - wish I could attach them to this review -LRB- reply if you know how -RRB- . After opening the box , I found several issues :1 -RRB- The backboard , despite the protective peel-liner , had several scratches in it .2 -RRB- One of the poles was bent at the end and you would not have been able to assemble it .3 -RRB- Some of the painted parts had severe scratches in the paint .4 -RRB- The backboard was not assembled squarely onto the metal frame . One side stuck out past the frame . This was also the side the package appeared to be transported on . As a result , there were several chips in the polycarbonate.I am obviously returning the item . I will update my review after I see how that goes . I 've bought a LOT of items through Amazon , and this is my first return . Again , really good basketball hoop , but really bad packaging/handling .
 First of all , the factory carton is almost a failure to protect the product because I can see what was inside when I first received that . After opening the box , I found some of the stuffs were on to the others , and I started to worry if something is broken or missing.It is very hard to put the pole together if you do n't have an electric drill with titanium drill bit , because later you need to drill 2 holes on the pole or you are not able to put three short poles into one long pole . The instruction did n't tell.The Chinese made product is not always reliable because of their poor management . I found all nuts do n't fit the screws and I have to buy some which can fit.In addition to the problem , the handle for height adjustment is missing.After my wife had receieved the missing part , I made a special trip from Hong Kong back to the States hopefully I can put up the product for my son 's practice before his high school basketball season , I found the base was leaking from the seam at the front . They want me to file a claim with photos . I have to fly to back to Hong Kong in 4 days , I deceided to return this troubled product.DO NOT BUY THE PRODUCT . I GUARANTEE YOU ARE GOING TO REGRET .
 I purchased this give for my 3 year old grandson . I had looked at it on line way before Thanksgiving and decided this was the perfect gift for this little energetic boy . On the evening of December 23 , 2011 , I put the batteries in it and set it up . It did not work . I went out and bought new batteries , but that did not do the trick . The toy was defective . Will be sending it back tomorrow . Unfortunately , I had to run out Christmas Eve to find another gift , and he was no way as excited as he would have been with the original toy I bought him .
 Great concept and good exercise for indoor play during winter.But , my 5 and 3 year old knock off the bar every time they jump over it.After only 5 min . of use , it is making a buzzing sound already.We are very disappointed with the product .
 An eternal optimist , I read but ignored the reviews about this item sometimes not working straight out of the box . That 's exactly what happened to us . I tried 4 sets of batteries , screwing and unscrewing , all while my 3 year old patiently -LRB- and then not so patiently -RRB- waited for her Christmas present to come to life . I can really only blame myself , but seriously , how are they still selling these things ? Do n't make the same mistake !
 Purchased item as a gift . Imagine my mortification when the recipients parents stated that the toy never worked . Imagine what a greater disappointment to the child opening the gift and receiving it broken ! Absolutely the WORST investment you could make . Avoid this item at all cost . It was cheaply made and presented . As a regular Amazon purchaser , I am usually very satisfied with their suppliers and products . Not so in this case . Will avoid purchasing toys for a while given the catastrophe this ended up being .
 I was very interested in this toy for my granddaughters but after reading the reviews , decided not to . It looked to me like it worked better and was built better back in 2009 but in 2012 there were no good reviews for it . A shame because it would be great for the girls .
 I got this for my daughter 's 4th birthday . Two days before her birthday , which is now , I put batteries in it to check it out , and it just does n't work . At all . Great . This is a piece of crap . Now my daughter will be missing out on one of her biggest presents for her birthday.So , word of advice . This looks like a cool toy . If you buy it , do so well in advance so that you have time to test it out and check to see if it works.VERY VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED .
 BROKE WITH IN 30 SECONDS !!! My 6 year old was super excited to get this ... and just as sad when it broke so quickly ! At this price , we expected a little more !
 We purchased this for our children as they are huge Wipeout fans -LRB- ABC show -RRB- and this particular toy was part of our own Wipeout obstacle course . Unfortunately the small plastic piece connecting the two sides of the rod cracked and could not be fixed . Attempting to use other cyclindrical objects to connect the two rods did n't work . A call to International Playthings resulted in discovering that replacement parts are not available for purchase . Not only was that disappointing , but the woman with whom I spoke was rude and unsympathetic and offered no other suggestions other than `` tough . ''
 What a disappointment for my 3 year old to open a Christmas present she could n't play with ! Buyer beware and take the time to read the reviews !
 Did not last 1 hour and is now in the trash.I lost the paperwork or I would have returned it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Love the concept , BUT something is wrong with the motor . We have 2 girls , 5 and 3 , not abusive on toys at all . After the first one quit working mid-jump , I figured it was the batteries , but that was n't the case . Our small , local toy store was very kind and replaced it . Unfortunately , I 'm heading back to that same toy store to return it , as the exact same thing happened again today . Very disappointing , as this is a great for burning some energy when we 're stuck indoors due to weather . I 'll be watching for something similar and better made.I Play Super Skipper
 Apparently this latest batch was faulty since so many of us are posting that it does n't work . I ordered one as a Christmas gift for my 3-year old . We tried two brand new sets of batteries never got it to work .
 Not at all durable . One missed step & it broke the plastic . It 's a fun toy while it lasts but needs to be made of something more durable than the thin plastic it 's made of now .
 Very disappointing toy . Probably would be fun if it works . The one I ordered for my grandson did not work . It would not even turn on once , and we tried several different sets of fresh batteries . The reviews for this toy are not stellar but I thought I 'd take a chance . Seriously , if you 're thinking of buying this toy , think again -- it is junk .
 This was a Christmas gift for my 3 year old and 2 year old sons . We tried three sets of batteries , but it never worked . If you do n't like to return products -LRB- and you do n't like having disappointed kiddos -RRB- , pass on this one .
 Toy never worked ! The company even sent out a replacement , and that one did n't work either ! So wished it did , looked like so much fun !
 As several reviewers stated , ours arrived , installed batteries and nothing . It never worked . I am returning . Kids were very disappointed .
 My 2 year old was soo , looking forward to his `` Jump-Jump '' ... Batteries in ... Nothing . I am so blown ... I am returning it now .
 My girls were so excited over this toy . First one did n't work . THought I would give them another try and the second one never worked either . My girls are still carrying it around lamenting that it does n't work !
 Unfortunately , this is another reviewer who 's toy did n't work at all . My kids were so disappointed ! A piece of cheap junk !
 This was a Christmas gift given to my small children . I assembled it and put fresh batteries in it . The `` start '' button did n't work at all , but the `` speed '' button did , and the toy did indeed spin , but for only about 60 seconds . The instant one of my kids ' small feet landed on the spinning bar -- which is completely unavoidable given that it 's little kids jumping over a moving object -- the toy stopped working and would n't start again . I tried fresh batteries again but they did n't work . The thing that gets me is that this is n't just a toy that 's `` sort-of '' badly made or that `` is n't the greatest . '' It 's an absolute rip-off , a total theft of $ 33 for a cheap hunk of plastic that does n't work at all . I 'm surprised and disappointed that Amazon continues to sell it ; it 's a blemish on their good name .
 I paid over $ 27 for this piece of JUNK ! My kids opened this joint gift on Christmas and when we put brand new batteries in we found out it was a complete piece of junk . I should have listened to all the other reviews ! BUYER BEWARE and learn from my mistake .
 I opened the box , tried 2 sets of new batteries and item did not work . Apperantly this company &#34; kidoozie &#34; has shipped many of these toys broken .
 We too got a toy that simply did n't work after trying several rounds of batteries . So many customers have shared this experience
 Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my 4 year old son and 21/2 year old daughters . Seemed like it would be fun for all of them . Was excited that it had 3 speeds as I was sure we would be using the slowest one ! Well , our plan is now to work up to the slowest speed ! This thing whips around so fast that even I have a hard time keeping up ! There is no chance that any small child still working on coordination would ever be able to play with this ! My kids have repurposed the jumping arms as swords and this seems to still make them happy . So not a total waste , but still disappointed .
 I ordered the super skipper . It did n't work at first . It turned out that it actually started when you pressed the On-button and the speed selection button at the same time . Not sure if that is intentional . It worked for about 5 minutes , then it died . Taking my chances I returned it and ordered another one . I just unpacked it . This one is totally dead . Batteries are brand new .
 I ordered this for my daughter for her birthday , and we were both really excited about it . The first one did not work at all , so I sent it back , figured we just got a dud , and ordered another one . Same thing with the second one , and now I see that we are no alone . I am so disappointed as I thought this would be such a great active indoor toy for my 5 and 21/2 year olds . :-LRB- What bummer of a birthday gift for her .
 MY BOYS ARE 51/2 AND 21/2 . THEY WERE VERY EXCITED TO TRY OUT THE SKIPPER . I HAD PREVIOUSLY BOUGHT THE HONEYBEE BY PRESKOOL AND WE WERE NOT IMPRESSED SO WE TRIED THIS VERSION . MAYBE IT IS JUST OURS , BECAUSE THAT IS POSSIBLE , BUT WE ARE AGAIN UNIMPRESSED . THE ACCELERATION BUTTON HAS NEVER WORKED FROM THE FIRST MOMENT WE OPENED IT , WHICH IS PROBABLY THE BEST , MOST INTERESTING PART . OTHERWISE IT DOES SPIN ON THE OTHER THREE SPEEDS BUT SOMETIMES IT TAKES 2 TIMES PUSHING A SPEED TO GET IT TO START SPINNING . IT DOES DO EXACTLY AS IT SAYS IF IT TOUCHES AN ANKLE OR IF THEY BUMP IT , IT STOPS . MAKES SENSE BUT REALISTICALLY IT IS STOPPING ALL OF THE TIME . SO MUCH THAT THEY SPEND MORE TIME PUSHING THE BUTTONS AND STARTING OVER THEN THEY DO ENJOYING JUMPING IT . IT WOULD BE BETTER IF IT JUST PICKED BACK UP ON ITS OWN , LIKE THE HONEYBEE DID SO THE KIDS COULD CONTINUE THEIR JUMPING . THEY GAVE UP AND STARTED USING THE POLES FOR SWORDS , WHICH WE STOPPED RIGHT AWAY ! ANYHOW , WE ARE DISAPPOINTED BUT IF YOU BUY IT HOPEFULLY IT WILL WORK OUT BETTER FOR YOU !
 Did NOT work , and I 'm not taking a chance on another one being defective -- see other reviews who did so and got another defective product . I buy a wide range of products from Amazon , and some have a large share of negative reviews . This product is one of them . I leave it to you to conclude why that is .
 Bought this for my 4 year old twins . And I am sure you can guess my next comment after reading the other reviews . The toy never worked ... total dud . Sending it back !!!!
 I 'd give it a 0 if I could . This toy did not work at all , and based on the reviews it seems I 'm not the only one who has had this problem . Will be sending it back , but seriously how does a company get away with sending out a product that flat out does not work ?
 The idea of this toy is good enough although I felt foam would have been better than the plastic jumping bars . But that is n't the problem . It was a Christmas gift that was a dud out of the box . The batteries that came with it were put in and it did n't operate . Thinking it may be poor quality batteries , we tried top quality batteries . Nothing . No hum . Nothing but just sitting there . Needless to say , it has been returned and we were so disheartened by it 's non-functionability that we are n't even going to bother trying another .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my nephew and was so embarrassed as the toy was broken up receiving it !
 Bought this for my 4 year old son for Christmas . Waited until his cousins were over having a sleepover and broke it out thinking it would be something fun for them to do.It was broken.I put new batteries in it and it spun around once and died.I put new batteries thinking maybe it was the batteries . Nope . Still dead.Unfortunately I ordered it too early before Christmas and now the deadline to return it has come and gone so I need to just throw it away.Junk
 It was fun while it lasted ! Unfortunately the wires must be really delicate . I would n't spend the money on it again .
 This is a fun toy when it works . Most of the time , however , the On button fails to operate , and that 's very frustrating .
 We bought the set for our grandson for Christmas . We were impressed with quantity and quality of the parts - that met all expectations . But when you go to build something with it , the magnetic force is so weak that it just falls down - a real bummer and a disappointment . So you are limited to single dimension construction , flat on the carpet , and can not go up even a single layer without real engineering skill to construct trusses to totally reinforce the structure . Even then , a slight touch brings everything down . And it seemed like such a neat idea ...
 I bought this toy for my 5 and 3 year olds . I thought it was a great educational and fun toy since my kids like building toys but unfortunately the magnetic strength is so weak that the slightest bump and the whole construct collapses . I 'm very disappointed . I ca n't imagine how a company that makes a toy based on magnetic strength fails to make it strong enough to do what it claims . I feel like I 've been tricked into giving my money away for nothing .
 I bought this for my 3 year old.Its a cool concept , but good luck building anything over 1 story.The magnets buckle like a house of cards and fall .
 My chief complaint is that this does n't stick for very long . The suction is so poor that my 5 month old had no problem knocking it over with one blow . The toy is cute and he did have fun playing with it on occassion when it was not stuck to his high-chair tray . However , if you are using it for your high-chair do n't bother as your baby will easily get this off and thrown on the floor .
 My son loved this toy until his finger became stuck between the rocking horse and the purple side that holds the horse . I 'm only glad that I was right next to him to help . If he had panicked , he could have easily broken his finger or dislocated it . This toy should be recalled & Sassy should take reviewing the safety of their toys a bit more seriously . I know that I will be thinking twice before trusting their toys again .
 This product was aweful . I thought it would do more then just say one thing . Not what I expected . Surprise surprise for Amazon .
 It 's going to take quite a bit of money to convince me that this is that much better than a quality board you can get at Toys R Us for $ 15 . No thank you .
 I was in the stores looking around and i saw this doll and other D.C dolls ... I was shocked !!! The paint on their eyes ' had fallen off , the hair was dry looking , they 're really skinny and they look like they have too much mascara/eye shadow on ! Overall , this is NOT something you want to get !! I would get the Raven doll ! It is much pretiier !
 If you collect celebrity memorabilia and are looking for dolls that actually look like the girls in DC , you might want to pass on these.Of the three dolls , the one that most closely resembles her namesake is Beyonce . The other two literally look like the regular AA Barbies with different hairstyles and a lot more makeup.The dolls are all dressed very nicely , however.Going by looks alone , these dolls are as disappointing as the Catwoman doll that looked absolutely nothing like Halle Berry .
 Beyonce should be insulted ! This doll looks absolutely hideous with all that gunk on her face ! Mattel has no excuse for making Beyonce look that way . Beyonce is n't on my favorite female artist list , but the girl is beautiful and this doll does her no justice . Mattel has a Black `` All That Glitters '' doll in its Diva Collection that looks more like Beyonce than this one does . Shame on you , Mattel !
 LONG STORY SHORT
 Star Wars Saga '06 Exclusive Vehicle TIE Fighter with Larger Scale Wings Variant Grey Color with Tie Pilot Action FigureThough the Tie Fighter itself is pretty impressive looking when standing still on a table top or not being played with , this `` toy '' is very fragile and not well constructed . When you lift the toy , the wings sag heavily inwards at the bottom as they do n't fit securely in the ejection mounts on either side of the cockpit . This toy is not going to last long in the kid 's hands and would recommend only buying it as a display piece at best ! Not what I was expecting for a $ 70.00 toy !
 We bought these for my son for Christmas of 2011 and they STILL wo n't wash off . I have tried scrubbing with Ajax , Barkeeper 's Friend , soap scum removers , and straight liquid bleach and my shower still looks filthy . I think I would have been better off just giving him regular wax crayons . Do not buy this product .
 I 've read the reviews for a few different bathtub crayons and really would have liked to bought the endangered species crayons which are one entire crayon and triangular and easy to hang on to . However , in multiple reviews for that product it was stated that those fall part after the first bath . So , I opted for these instead . And they are useful for multiple baths but it should be known that they break easily and the crayon , which is only about 1/4 the size of an actual crayon , falls out of the cheap plastic holder .
 Idea is great ... writes/draws well ... but is ABSURDLY hard to clean !!! It just smears and smears ... its like trying to clean wax with water ... does n't work ! It will come off after you SCRUB , and I mean SCRUB the tub . But come on ... that is ridiculous . Very disappointed . I 'm sticking with the markers .
 The crayon is in a plastic tube , which makes it seem more durable , but my 20-month old son quickly figured out how to raise and lower the crayon , then would try to write on the tub and the crayon would immediately break . He 'd raise it higher and it 'd break again . They lasted through 2 baths . The crayon is way too soft and it 's too easy to raise and lower the crayon .
 There is very little crayon to these . They are mostly plastic holder -LRB- which is useless once the crayon is gone though I suppose you could use them for real crayons since they are the same size -RRB- ! They also disintegrate too easily in water and fall out of the plastic holders quite easily as well as get pushed back . Some of the colors work better than others but overall they give good color.When my little brother was a kid , we had Crayola bath crayons and they were big fat ones with no plastic holder . I did n't realize upon buying these that they would be the way they are . I expected more from Crayola than this ! Very disappointed in this product !!!!
 Every tub I used this in stained the tub for quite a while afterwards . I love the idea but hate the cleanup . I used it in 4 tubs and when my son got it in the grout forget it ... the cleanup took forever ! These went right in the garbage .
 This sells for $ 6 on crayolastore dot comIt is disgusting how Amazon allows merchants to overprice children 's toys on their site !!!!!!!!!!!!!! The current Amazon merchant price of over $ 20 then PLUS SHIPPING COSTS , is absolutely ridiculous .
 I had a hard time removing this from the tub and had to use a Magic Eraser sponge and then Soft Scrub with bleach . Our tub is about 15 years old but I did n't expect that to be considered an ` older tub ' like the warning says . I do n't want to worry about bath crayons staining the tub or anything else -LRB- like clothes or towels -RRB- . Also , if the crayon sits in the water -LRB- like while your child is using another crayon -RRB- it will disintegrate a bit.I would prefer bath crayons that are made from soap .
 We got these crayons to replace the Alex brand that our little guy liked . We thought we would try Crayola because the Alex brand fell apart before they were used up . Unfortunately , the Crayola are worse for this . They are thinner and crumble easier with less pressure . The casing is an issue as well because the ends have a square hole at the bottom that our son would shove the top of another crayon in , thus trapping the tip and grinding it into crumbs . The Alex brand do not have this design flaw either .
 We have tried 2 different versions of crayola bathtub crayons , and while this one lasts longer on the tub , IT LASTS LONGER ON THE TUB . We had to scrub to get it off , and even resorted to a magic eraser to get it off . The ` cheaper ' version washes off with water and hand rubbing .
 Cool idea . Horrible execution.The crayons are super soft , hence the plastic tube used to support them . But they fall out of the tube and disintegrate into useless mess.Don ' t waste your time .
 We 're usually pretty happy with Crayola products , but do n't waste your money on these crayons . On first use , several of the crayons fell out of their plastic holders . The crayons are also super-soft and if they 're under water too long , they basically disintegrate and crumble -LRB- would n't be a problem , maybe , if they did n't keep falling out of their holders ! -RRB- . Clean up has not been an issue as I 've not had the problem with them staining my tub that others have reported .
 I came to Amazon to look to replace my current tub crayons ; these ones . They are a smaller skinny crayon inside of a round plastic holder . I do n't like that they fall out of the holders easily and the wax part itself is too easily forced back into the outer tube and this obviously frustrates my kids . The part that frustrates me the most is that the inside wax part is so thin that it easily goes down my tub drain and gets stuck . I just completed a surgical procedure on the drain to get it to flow again . Other than that , they clean off well enough .
 I was super excited to get these bath crayons for my daughter . She loves to color and she loves to bath . It was the perfect combination . She LOVED them . Entertained her so much ! BUT i hate them . They are washable and wash right out but they leave the water dark . When I drained her bathtub the first time there was a black line where the water level was . It would n't just wash off . I had to get my AJAX bleach and scrub the crap out of it to get rid of the black line . Everytime she uses them it 's a process to get the tub white again . Other then that she loves them and they last okay . I would n't recommend them unless you really REALLY love to clean .
 Our 3 and 5 year olds had a great time with these in the tub . When I went to remove them from the walls around the tub , the crayons came off the tile okay but only came off the grout with a serious combination of elbow grease , bleach-based cleaner , and time . Grout is definitely stained and not sure whether more scrubbing will take the stains off . I would definitely prefer crayons that were made of soap .
 My 5 year old loves to draw , so we were so excited to get these bathtub crayons . The first night he used them , he drew on the tiles on the wall around the bathtub . After his bath I went to remove the crayon from the tiles , and it was not easy , it took a lot of elbow grease . Tonight , he drew under the water on the porcelain tub itself , AND IT WILL NOT COME OFF . First I tried spraying Clorox Green Works and rubbing it with a rag . That had no effect , so I tried spraying it with Krud Kutter and scrubbing it with a large scouring tool . IT STILL WON `` T COME OFF !!!!! In the morning I 'm going to have to contact Crayola and see if they can think of something to get this off our bathtub . But these `` bathtub '' crayons are going in the trash and I will never buy them again !
 My grandson loves these crayons , but I wo n't buy them again . They are really hard to clean off the tub . I needed to use cleanser to get the crayon off . Get the tub markers instead - they just rinse off when you are done .
 I bought this lego toy for my son , and once it was put together it was hard to play with it , because it fell apart every time you tried to shoot a basket , it 's cool to look at , you could try to glue it together , for better stability ?
 the product is good , material is good , but the manufacturer tried to save by making cylinder blocks by cutting holes in rectangular -LRB- cuboid -RRB- blocks . In other words most rectangular blocks have holes in them.nonetheless , my kids love it ... does not hurt if they hurl 'em at others .2 nd issue is that the number of blocks are a little less . . 20 more would have been worth the price .
 It 's far-fetched to call this a `` Sports Trainer . '' It 's flimsy and cheap , and the balls that come with it are feather-light . However , if the balls were any heavier , they 'd probably damage the basket and net . Obviously , I do not recommend this product ... except possibly for a child no older than 4 or 5 .
 What a waste of money ! I was so excited for my daughter to use this product . What a disappointment when there were 2 holes in the top ring when opened . We inflated anyway so she could atleast try it out , she showed very little interest . Needless to say we boxed it up and are taking it back . I expected much more for $ 40 ! p.s. . The product got 1 star because I had to chose atleast that .
 This unit had holes all over it when it was removed from the box . The interesting point is that the holes where not punctures , but instead they were where the seams were not sealed to hold the air along the sides . Unit was totally full of leaks from this situation . Shipped back to Amazon , and have not received credit yet though . Ordered a bounce house which uses a blower instead . ** Advice to evryone loking to buy a bounce unit . . get the fabric ones with a blower or you will be fighting holes in these cheap plastic units forever !
 My kids -LRB- and I -RRB- loved , loved , loved this product for two days . It was fairly safe , though did tip over if they were both on one side -LRB- together they were well under the weight limit -RRB- . However , the product came apart along a seam and the air came out after using it only under the manufacturers guidelines .
 My husband inflated it and was extra careful not to overinflate it but it still popped before the kids even had a chnace to try it . they were so disappointed :-LRB- this has now happened twice !!!!! fyi , the first one we inflated and it deflated within days -LRB- slow leak -RRB- . what a waste ! it is so heavy that it would cost $ 20 to mail it back for a replacement . do n't bother .
 If rating a `` no star '' was possible , that 's what it really deserves . I bought this for my two year old twin boys and as I was inflating it - with a handpump - it blew at the seams ! Beyond patching ! Unfortunately they never even knew that they had it . I would not buy it again because of the quality of the product . How can kids be safe jumping on something that blows out when being pumped by a hand pump ??? That 's like blowing it up by mouth !
 My 29 month old LOVED this for the whole two days that it held it 's air . On the third day , we went to play only to find it deflated . It was a huge hassle to get all of the air out in order to send it back . I would n't waste my time .
 We too , had the joy of trying to explain why a gift from Santa had a hole in it . Now , the kids are so attached to the idea of having it , we had to call all over trying to find a replacement since Target put them on clearance . We 've finally located 1 but we 're having to drive a ways to buy it . I guess the fact that the price is down will make it worth the effort if we 're lucky to find one without a hole ! : - -LRB-
 Had 3 leaks all in the seams ! Could not patch correctly even after waiting the `` 30 mins . '' to re-infalte like the directions stated . My son was extremely upset . From other reviews , it sounds like there is a 50/50 chance of getting a good product .
 I 'm very dissappointed with this product . My husband and I inflated this on Christmas eve to surprise our 2 young children and heard several leaks . We spent almost an hour trying to patch the holes . Of course , Christmas morning the entire top section had de-flated . We came up with a story about Santa 's reindeers horns poking the trampoline and causing it to go flat . This piece of junk is going back tomorrow !
 I would never recommend this product to anyone . This is a very dangerous toy . I bought this toy thinking that it would be a wonderful gift for my very active nephew , but I was wrong . As soon as he started jumping the gym ripped and completely deflated . Thankfully nothing happened to him , but he could have been really hurt . For anyone thinking about buying this toy , please do not .
 Thought this would be a blast for my 2 and 4 year olds . Even though directions say two jumpers with max total weight 120 is ok I 've made them jump one a time . I have it set up in my dinning room and have never had it outside or near sharp objects . The juping surface and entryway plastic have both had seams that separate causing tinny holes for the air to escape . The single patch provided did n't seal hole . Complete waste of money . I had hoped to get at least a few months of fun .
 I got this on clearance like 2 years ago . I new it would not hold up . I had many kids on it because I do home daycare . My rule was only 3 kids at a time . The bigger kids could only go on 2 at a time . It got 3 holes which I patched . They even took naps in it . I must of had It for about 6 months and only keep it up for like a week at a time . My problem was it was hard to store . I had to leave it inflated some and pushed it in back of my closet . Finaly one of the big kid did a big belly flop on it and popped the seem . No way was that fixable . If I ever find it on clearance again I would buy it but not for what they are asking for it . Not worth it if it will break in a couple of months .
 We got this with some other accessories to go with it and even before we blew it up I saw there were holes on it . I tried patching it but nothing worked . Next day 2 out of 3 compartments were deflated . I have contacted the manufacturer and they told me there is nothing they can do because the item is discontinued and they do n't take returns . So there goes my close to $ 100 gift in the garbage can because it was on the way and collecting all kind of bugs .
 Unfortunately this plane does n't work . The bear does n't go up & down - the propeller does n't spin - the gear shift does n't make its ' sound . The company was gracious enough to give me a full refund though . I 've seen ones that work and they 're great .
 If you buy this for the nostalgic game play , be prepared to be disappointed . It 's nearly impossible to get anything but the highest spot . To make it more difficult , I 've reversed wood holding the rods in place , there by increasing the slope . This change can be done with little effort , though I do n't think it will last very long unless you drill out a recessed area for the screw heads like the product was intended to be put together.Even with this modification , I 've found that you 'll still want to prop the back up by a half inch to increase the difficulty .
 Not like my friend 's which is nearly impossible to win ... just like they used to be . This is so easy my 6 year old grandson walked in , did it , and won on his first try . I want to buy the original , but not sure which brand that is .
 Ball was not in pakage , so ca n't play with it . Kids are not happy , not how we wanted Chrsitmas to start .
 I have 2 boys , age 3-1/2 and 1 year . I bought this thinking not only would it help to keep my 1 year old busy in one spot , but he could fall and not get hurt . Well , my 1 year old wants NOTHING to do with it and my 3-1/2 year old jumped in and popped the bottom within 30 minutes of having it !! So , now the squeekers on the bottom wo n't work and there is nothing more to entice my 1 year old ... he sits in it and screams . No fun for little ones !!!!
 We bought this for my daughter 's first birthday , and filled it with balls . She went in it for about a day but was n't wild about it , then cried whenever we put her in it . Might try it again this summer filled with water . i was disappointed , but have talked to other parents whose kids have not loved these . So maybe try one at McDonalds or something before making the investment . Just a thought .
 This toy smells so strongly of plasic that I only allowed my son in it for a few minutes . I could not stand it in my house . We left it outside to see if it would air out and it never did ... we even washed it b/c it had white powder all over it . I would not recommend this purchase .
 Our daughter became this as she was a baby . We tried several time during her past 2 years if she would reach a moment to like it , but she always wanted to go out after 1 or 2 minutes . Maybe other babies are diferent , but I think its not the right material for such a playground . For a hot environment like ours in the south , it quickly gets very hot inside and you can not leave your baby or little child alone playing because of the plastic material that can be dangerous . We finally sealed the holes on the bottom and do not pump up the upper part so we fill it with water and use it as a litle pool , thats the only way for us to use it .
 We bought this for our 7 months old and she did not like it at all . There was really nothing to amuse her . We had placed some toy 's in it , but that still did nothing for her.If you are looking for somewhere to place your child and listen to them scream of boredom ... then here are your two stars . As far as bouncing , this was not a good idea . There was really no support to the walls of this item . Bouncing for a 18-20 pounder was not a good idea . The bouncer never sat straight , it always had a tilt to it . Maybe from the packaging . Also , the toy 's hung wrong overhead as well . We are now 4 months later -LRB- of not that much use -RRB- throwing it out !!! Somewhere , it has sprung a leak and we can not seem to find it either . So , overall ... this was not one of our better choices .
 plastic is cold in the winter and it still stank . if the baby spits up -LRB- or other bodily functions should leak -RRB- all the little creases become tiny rivers and it 's a pain to get them cleaned out . her brother , one year older , got into it and caused it to spring a leak . do n't even try to patch it .
 I bought the hoverdisc for my son 's 5th b-day , he went to play with his friends and it lasted all but 5 minutes . It is a good idea , but they did n't think of durability -LRB- who would think that mylar balloon material would last anyway ? -RRB- when they made this product . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 ACTUALLY I DIDNT BUY THE SPIDERMAN DISK B/C IT COST A FEW DOLLARS MORE . MY MOM WAS GOING TO PAY THE EXTRA SO MY SON COULD HAVE A SPIDERMAN ONE BUT I AM GLAD SHE DID N'T SINCE THE ONE I DID BUY WAS TRASHED AFTER ONE DAY OF PLAYING WITH IT . WHEN YOU ARE WATCHING YOUR POCKET BOOK AND TRYING TO MAKE EVERY DOLLAR COUNT WHEN BUYING BIRTHDAY GIFTS , I FEEL LIKE I JUST WASTED 12 DOLLARS WHEN I COULD HAVE BOUGHTEN HIM SOMETHING HE 'D STILL BE PLAYING WITH TODAY . ANYWAYS DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 Without helium , this toy is not that impressive . My son received the hover disc for his birthday . We blew it up , he threw it once , and it got a hole in it from hitting the pavement . It is not a very durable toy . My son did , however , enjoy playing with it after we used packing tape to cover the hole . Now , it does not hold the air and must be constantly blown up.It will look nice hanging on his wall .
 This is the second silver figure release that is NOT following the the Toy Fair Vader and R2-D2 special Vaccu-metal finish . The finish they use on this Clone Figure and the recent Boba Fett figure is the same finish you can get by taking your current color versions of the figure , buying a can of silver spray paint from the local store , and spraying the figure silver . There is nothing special about this figure . The packaging looks nice , but the packaging is not very durable either . Looks like Hasbro took the cheap highway and decided not to chrome these figures and give them a unique finish ... and it really shows with this exclusive in terms of quality and collectibility . They get an A for effort , but and F for execution .
 Hey It 's silver and it 's a clone trooper ! buy ! buy ! buy ! Where 's my check ?
 Hasbro has gone and done it again . After the success of their silver Darth Vader , R2-D2 , and Boba Fett figures , a silver Clonetrooper was inevitable . ... Here 's the thing , though , Vader and R2-D2 were silver for a reason ... they both came out in 2003 , which was the 25th , or SILVER anniversary of the release of Star Wars
 I bought this for my 4 year old niece for Christmas . While I see her just about every day , I have n't seen her play with this toy since 2 days after Christmas . It falls over . She ca n't get the parts to stay where they 're supposed too . Most importantly , MOST OF HER DOLLS DO NOT FIT IN THE HIGH CHAIR . She 's a doll lover with about 30 dolls . Only the smallest -LRB- about 3 -RRB- fit in the chair -- and even then the dolls are so small , they fall out of the seat . However , my 1 year old niece loves to pull the mobile off -LRB- it comes off much easier than it goes on -RRB- and chew on it -LRB- not advised -RRB- . And the dog loves to chew on the pieces that have fallen off .
 I bought this toy for my 3 year old . a little high priced for the quality ! it is cheap plastic , and when you lift or tilt it , the legs fall right off . my daughter loved it at the store by the picture on the box , but when we put it together she only played with it for a couple minutess , lost interest soon after . i wish i would have spent that much on a better toy .
 The prodcut was shipped in a timely manner.I was very disappointed over the fact that there was no handle or neck strap for a child to be able to carry it around with.We actually were able to make a nice strap that hangs from around the neck and attaches to the case via velcro.I would have thought fisher price would have already thought of doing something like this .
 I have to start by saying this is a very cute toy , just not worth the time , or money . I bought this for my daughter 's first b-day . I read many , many reviews on this and decided to take my chances . She hates it . She refuses to go in it . My daughter is very very playful.I have never seen her have a problem playing . She just isnt amused by this toy . She gets the balls out and leaves the pit area . I just dont think that it 's quite big enough to catch her attention . Once she gets in I think she feels too confined . I only kept it for 2 days and decided to send it back . I read in reviews that most people had issues with it holding air , I did not notice a problem . The one thing I noticed was the manufacturer 's suggested age is 3-5 years . I doubt that highly . My -LSB- ... -RSB- daughter fit perfectly by herself . Her -LSB- ... -RSB- cousin got in with her and they couldnt crawl around and play and have fun . They had to sit there and just toss the balls around . I think it you have small children under the age of 2 , that are not afraid of small spaces , this is an adorable product and could be very fun . It fits perfectly in our living room and we have a very small living space . Also , the balls that came with it were all dented . I ordered the extra 100 balls and they are smaller than the ones that come with the Sub pit . I didnt mind the size difference , just the dents . One more thing to keep in mind ... for the 5 minutes my daughter played in it , she kept wanting to look out the `` windows '' on the sides . Everytime she would put her hands on the sides of the openings to peek out , the entire sub would tip over . I guess you just need to have a lot of weight throughout the sub to keep it evenly distributed . If you plan on buying this to amuse your small child so you can get some work done , I would advise against it . You 'll only spend your time standing beside it to catch it before it tips over . Good luck ...
 We bought this for our 15 month sld and she loves it . The quality is very poor - the first one we received deflated in 2 hours -LRB- plus all the balls arrived flat -RRB- and the second one is not holding up well either . Balls were deflated in both but we used balls from a ball pit our son had several years ago.Overall ball pits are fun for kids but this one is not very durable .
 I purchased this product for my 1 year old twin girls . They loved it the from the time they got it until I had to throw it away . I noticed at first that it was slowly deflating and I would have to re-inflate it every day . Then after about a week the leak got worse . We were so disappointed that the sub was n't more durable , and my girls only weigh about 18 lbs . each . The only thing we could think of was maybe the seams were defected . Just imagine if a 3 or 4 year old were to play in it . If I had only paid $ 5 - $ 10 then I would n't be so upset but after shipping it ended up being about $ 35 . It just was n't worth it for them to only get to play in it for less than 1 month .
 We just got this for our almost 2 year old . Nice idea , but very poorly executed . Several of the keys stick so you ca n't press them more than once without waiting 2 or 3 seconds to press again , and amazingly , one of the notes is way , way out of tune . It 's hard to imagine that a company that 's actually in business could manufacture a product so poorly . Very disappointed and will be returning it .
 This is a very fun toy , and my daughter absolutely loved it - she even named the mama cat and all the little kittens.About a month after we bought it , one of the magnet nipple -LRB- which is inside of the mama cat -RRB- came undone , basically making one of the nipples useless . I have wrote to the manufacturer twice , but never received any response.Great toy , poor customer service .
 The Fisher-Price Christmas Village was a big disappointment . I bought for my 2-year old grandson . It basically did nothing ! I also bought him the Hannukah Family , which lit up and played two songs and cost about half as much .
 This toy is very simple . The functions are minimal . The voice on the toy is very robotlike , rather uninspiring . Even my 1 year old son lost interest in the toy after half an hour . It held very little interest for my 3 year old boy as well .
 I bought this for my daughter thinking it would be a fun game for when we were in the car . This thing is so ANNOYING !!! It does not turn off and is really loud . The smallest bump starts this thing and it never shuts up . It does play the alphabet but all they do it push on the screen , there is no practising just tracing over and over again . There is a hard blue screen with lights behind it that makes the letters .
 Have to say that I got this on Amazon for -LSB- ... -RSB- . I 'm glad I did n't pay a cent more . This is borderline okay ... I found it a bit loud and annoying . My 2 year old might like the aspect of the stylus ... we 'll see . I just have to say that I thought it was nothing spectacular and certainly would n't spend $ -LSB- ... -RSB- on it .
 The toy has no on/off switch . You activate it by pushing a button or touching the screen . So ... everytime the thing gets moved , it starts talking . Very annoying , and neither of my kiddos are interested at all in it .
 I bought three of these for 3 year old toddlers . I thought they would love it , but they were n't so crazy about it . It definitely is a durable toy that I would recomend for a younger toddler . Just does n't do enough to keep the attention span of 3-5 year olds .
 Looks like a pretty good touch screen ... good working learning toy for your child ... and second not really impress ... yet did n't even mail it with any battery . . av to get own ... cheap
 This toy is not very interactive . It displays letters and numbers on the screen , but the child can only push buttons to start the sequence . It 's good for the car , but not a great toy overall .
 I found this toy at the family dollar store for about -LSB- ... -RSB- and it looked fun ... it is boring , non-interactive , and it does the abc song but not with the right rhythm . I too have had it speak to me when I least expect it . I am shocked at all of the great reviews -- it is definately one that I would have skipped ! For a toddler , there are many ` soft ' toys that teach letters and numbers or colors -LRB- soft toys make less dangerous projectiles when a 2 yr . old decides to throw !! -RRB- like the leappad caterpiller that has been the BEST toy for the car since birth and still today . -LSB- ... -RSB- or for an ` electronic ' look alike , the baby einstein music player
 My 8-year old son got this as a present , and he opened it with glee . The first problem was that the included instructions were for another flying toy that had a different launch system . Checking Uncle Milton 's website showed that they had no instructions for this toy online either . Luckily , there were basic instructions on the launcher itself.My son pumped the launcher , held it at the absurdly specific angle -- 65-75 degrees -- and pushed the button . And pushed , and pushed . I then pushed and pushed . Grandma pushed and pushed . But the button just does n't go down . I refused to give up and kept trying different grips when suddenly , `` fop ! '' , the glider launched into the air at high speed in a remarkably sharp and fast curve straight into the ground.Thinking I had figured it out , I tried to recreate the event . Pushing and pushing the button produced a launch maybe 3 % of the time . And each time the glider launched , it went right into the ground with a very noticeable lack of `` gliding . '' Modifying the flaps on the glider has no effect because they do not remain where you want them , but simply bend back into their straight , nose-dive-inducing default position.We called the help line with a similar lack of success . We told them that we did n't want another flawed glider , and that we would like a refund . They said , `` no , you have to take it back to the store . '' So , we 'll go visit Grandma , get the receipt , drive the 1.5 hours to the store , and return this piece of junk . With the money we get , we 'll buy something with better flying properties , like a garden gnome or a dead frog.I highly advise against purchasing either this or the other Sonic Wing Glider , as the only thing `` sonic '' about these toys are the curses you 'll shout trying to get it to work .
 I am very disapointed in Melissa and Doug products in general and this puzzle is no exception . They continue to advertise products as `` wood '' and `` hand crafted '' but really they are made in China and overpriced . The wood is jagged in many spots , there is particle board shavings and dust all over the product , and they have stickers instead of hand painted pictures . I also think the pictures under the puzzle pieces are generic , peeling upon arrival , and lack any fun or interest to a small child -LRB- or an adult for that matter -RRB- . Disapointing .
 The fronts of all the pieces and board are made of paper . My son chewed off half of a piece 's sticker and was swallowing it all within 5 mins , i had to take it away from him . Very poor design.Unfortunately , this puzzle is going into the trash , instead of being used and enjoyed like it thought to be . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 The title `` Mahogany Sheet 1/16 x 3 x 24 -LRB- 15 -RRB- '' leads you to believe you will receive -LRB- 15 -RRB- 1/16 '' planks . Instead you will receive one very small wooden sheet , wrapped many times in paper and many more times in plastic in the middle of a million packing peanuts , all within a enormous cardboard box . What a waste .
 I bought this puzzle for my daughter when she was around 18 or 20-months old . I thought it would be great for her because it has large knobs for her to get ahold of easily , it has more shapes than just the standard square , circle and triangle , and there are pictures under the shapes . I think I liked it better than she did , because she figured out how to do the puzzle after 2 or 3 tries , than never played with it again ! I 've even tried to coax her by starting to play with it myself and asking her `` where is the diamond ? '' but she says `` No mommy '' and pushes the puzzle away . Maybe I just missed the boat for her age group , but she now prefers mix & match-type puzzles .
 this puzzle costs entirely too much for what it offers . you can get the same quality puzzle for $ 15.00 less at a local store . It held my 2 year old 's attention for about 5 minutes and that was it . B-O-R-I-N-G .
 Got this for my son who is a big Herbie fan . We pulled it out and put it together . The pieces were too lightweight , the body a really light plastic , the stickers too small . I thought it would be a good toy for my son to play with , but it was too easily breakable .
 BOUGHT FOR SON 31/2 YEAR OLD , THE GLOVES ARE SO BIG FOR HIM , THEY FIT AN ADULT , ONLY ONE GLOVE MAKES THE NOISE , -LRB- A BEEPING NOISE -RRB- VERY MISLEADING , WASTE OF MONEY , SPEND YOUR -LRB- ... -RRB- ON SOMETHING ELSE INSTEAD .
 Are you all sure that this game works ? I do n't think it does . I think all of you are just lying . You seem calm after knowing this game actually works ! Please tell me the truth .
 this game is not fun , not educational , and not durable , i would never play because it is satanic and just plain bad . Its pretty much like worshiping satin -LRB- which is obviously evil -RRB- !!! I would not suggest this to anyone !
 Let me prefix this . I am not religious , and very scientific , and do not believe in spirits!I walked into my daughters room while she was playing on the board with her friend . They are 13 and 12 respectively . They were asking questions and were getting answers . I joined them and quickly came to realize that there really was something communicating with us through the board.The experience that followed will haunt me for a very long time.Do not use the Oiuja Board , whatever it is , its not a TOY !
 The person who owned my house before me used this so called toy and now I have a spirit in my house that wo n't go away . The people who manufactured this toy must be satanists or something because they 're selling this evil thing to children . I feel sorry for the kids who wrote reviews saying that they use the Ouija board every day . They do n't realize that they are well on their way to becoming posessed by the spirit they 're contacting .
 At the risk of being laughed at by those who think the board is simply a game or psychological parlour trick , I would like to emphatically assure you that it is not . I have used it -LRB- no longer -RRB- on many occassions with irrefutable accuracy of prediction and always with disturbingly negative results . This is not a toy in any way , and is analagous to using a telephone line that only goes one way ... down .
 Did not work tried it several diffrent times stillNothing was not worth my time and money and i still hate the game
 It did n't seem to work very good . I do n't think they are made as good as the older one 's . My granddaughter was pretty disappointed , plus it did n't glo at nite .
 im paid for this item but it has yet to come to my home . it has been over a month and i still have NOT gotten it . I AM VERY MAD
 Just a little tip . Not to scare you guy 's off but i 'm a Wiccan and i have much interest in Spirituality . . A word of advice
 This is not a toy , this is a tool of divination , forbidden by God . If you have this throw it away and if your thinking about buying it , find another hobby . Personally the new generation of kids coming up today must be playing with Ouija boards because kids these days seem possessed and are disobedient to their parents . I 'll give 5 stars on the garbage meter .
 A LONG TIME AGO ME AND MY BEST FRIEND GOT A OUIJA BOARD AND DECIDED TO PLAY IT AT HER HOUSE IN THE DARK . WHAT A MISTAKE ! SO WE SET THE GAME UP , LIT CANDLES AND STUFF . 8 MINS INTO THE GAME , I HEARD A KNOCKING SOUND AT THE DOOR IN ONE OF HER SPARE ROOMS . SO WE WENT TO CHECK IT OUT ; THINKING IT WAS HER SISTER OR BROTHRS PLAYING A TERRIBLE TRICK ON US . NOTHING WAS THERE . THEN , WE FELT REALLY COLD AIR RUSH TRHOUGH THE ROOM , AND WE BOTH GOT A COLD UNEASY FEELING LIKE WE WERE BEING WATCHED . FROM THIS DAY FORWARD , IM AFRAID OF THE DARK , AND IM AFRAID TO GO INTO ANYWHERE DOWNSTAIRS , ALL BECAUSE OF OUIJA . I KNOW MY STORY SOUNDS LAME AND NON REAL , BUT ITS TRUE . 2 YEARS LATER AT THE AGE OF 14 I FEAR OUIJA BECAUSE OF MY BAD EXPERIANCES . DONT BUY OUIJA .
 Hi , I came across these reviews and decided to write about my personal story with it - 28 years after the fact . It works . When I was 11 going on 12 , a girlfriend had a slumber party . The board was out and candles were lit , then they flickered hen the questions started . Two questions are vivid in my mind
 If your really interested in buying a Ouija Board that will last a good couple of years , this one is n't for you.Buy one that is actually wood.This ones just plastic on paper.I wasted -LSB- my money -RSB- on something that is n't really fun by yourself.My advice : do n't get one to actually use ; only buy one for the -LSB- heck -RSB- of it -LRB- remember , get a real one and not this one !! -RRB-
 i bought it because my son asked for it . would never buy for myself . my son liked it and thought it was cool .
 I bought this for my daughter for fun with her friends . It is cheaply made and she said it is so boring she does n't even want to use it . After all that begging , it was a waste of money .
 Rita Rogers is a famous and respected UK psychic . In her book titled , `` Mysteries '' -LRB- Look up Rita Rogers at Amazon.com -RRB- , Rita Rogers discusses spirits , possessions , etc. . Rita notes that a very small % of mental illness is in fact possession . She further makes the claim that there are higher % of teens who are possessed by spirits due to the fact that more teens fool around with Ouiji boards and because teen are more vulnerable.Her book discusses one instance of possesion , she ends this chapter by informing her readers that she was not able to exorcise the evil spirit from this teen . The teen who was possessed is still in the psych ward . Oh , the teen who was possessed took a bat to her mother and killed her after an argument . The teen had no recollection of this ever happening and was a pleasant girl prior to her `` messing around '' with the Ouiji board.The next time you get the opportunity to interact with someone who claims to have a mental illness , ask them if they have ever played with the Ouiji board . If you ever visit the psych ward , ask the patients if they have ever played with the Ouiji board . It would be interesting to find out how many patients have had experiences with the board . This would make good research for someone studying this field.Do an online search with these words
 Trust me , if you use a Ouija board , do NOT . Those who do do not know what they are messing with . This board is used as commonly as tarot cards , and for the same purpose , too . I 've never used one , but I know what I 'm saying . Those of you who befriend spirits by means of this board , break all ties with them , because this `` board game '' is Satanically inspired . Only pure evil can come from a device such as this . Seriously , if you use this thing frequently , you are inviting evil into your home.Some say that this board is actually controlled by your subconscious thoughts , but I 'd rather not take any chances and invite a succubus , or something even worse , into my home . Trust me , you 're messing with things that it would be in your best interest NOT to mingle with . If you want a board game , get Monopoly . -LRB- P.S
 ACHTUNG ACHTUNG !!!! this is not a game , it is a abomination , they actully communicate with spirits which is wrong , you should not talk to spirits . I ca n't belive these people -LSB- parker bros -RSB- sell this sh err stuff to kids . IT IS WRONG . Nothing good can come from this game .
 Do not let this thing in your house . It may seem like an innocent game but the fact is it 's not . It 's EVIL and the spirit 's it contacts are evil not good . 6 years ago my 48 year old cousin was innocently playing with an Ouija board , at a party , and became possessed by an evil spirit . She had to be exorcised
 I am christian , and i dont think that it is superior to other religions . just because you use the board doesnt mean u are an atheist . The parke brothers version isnt as bad as others because the symbolysm and style is different . So if u think ure goin to hell if u play with this , dont do it !!! otherwise , have fun !
 Plain and simple
 I have always been a Christian but there was a period of time as a teenager where I strayed from God . During the time I decided to try one of these `` things . '' MY sister , I and our next door neighbor all tried it more than one time . It does work ! We all moved our hands and it still moved ! You can feel a force while it is moving.We let bad spirits into my mother 's house and I feel so bad about it.I think the last time we played it was when we asked its name and it told us Niveah and then it said I miss you mommy . My sister had a miscarriage not to long before that and that is what she said she wanted to name her baby . We freaked out and quit playing . But I remember my sister was told she would die at 18 in a bathtub ; it never happened . And one time we talked to one which kept making us laugh over and over with jokes . Saying that one of was going to be a stripper , one a drug dealer and I forgot what it said for me . Anyway , it is real but it is evil.As many times as I played with I am glad nothing serious happen - only it may have been related to me cutting myself and other issues I began to have as a teen .
 The Ouija Board has been confirmed as a gateway to evil . You must understand that there are forces we can not see in this world that wish to remain unknown or unseen in order for them to attain their purpose for existence
 THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST GLOW IN THE DARK OUIJA BOARD THAT MONEY CAN BUY ! AN OUTSTANDING GLOW IN THE DARK OUIJA BOARD ! THE ABSOLUTE BEST GLOW IN THE DARK OUIJA BOARD THAT IVE EVER OWNED!GET IT AND FIND OUT WHY THIS IS THE GREATEST GLOW IN THE DARK OUIJA BOARD THAT HAS EVER BEEN MANUFACTURED IN THE ENTIRE HISTORY OF HUMANITY!DOES IT WORK ?! . . FUNK YEAH IT WORKS!PUT IT UNDER DIRECT LIGHT FOR 10 TO 20 MINUTES AND THEN TURN OFF THE LIGHTS AND FIND OUT FOR YOURSELF WHETHER OR NOT THIS MUTHAH WORKS!BUY IT ! YOULL SEE THE DIFFERENCE!now you too can own the glow in the dark ouija board that made aleister crowley , glenn danzig , rip taylor , and a myriad of other famous people famous ! -LRB- besides as a consumer , i have not nor have i ever been affiliated in any way with parker bros. inc. -RRB- JJ Parker
 You think your getting something that moves on its own but all it is is plastic it is crsp i give the a 2 thumbs down ! 20 dollars for plastic is a rip off !!!
 too much trouble to send it back , not to , mention it was delayedvery disappointed with this productshould be replaced
 Hello there . I 've been a collector of Ouija boards for many years . They keep getting smaller and junkier . They used to be almost two feet wide and now they 're barely 12 inches . Ouija boards are alive and well , but not the ones made by Parker Brothers . You would be much better off getting a handmade wooden board for just a little more than this cardboard and plastic piece of junk . Just go to Google and search for `` wooden ouija board '' and find one there . Do n't waste your money on Parker Brothers . And , keep in mind that this IS a game . Do n't miss out on a fun game because of religion . Greed is a sin too , but Christians can still play Monopoly . You do n't have to worship the devil to play with a Ouija board . Silly , silly reviewers . : - -RRB-
 I just recently got this product , and so I sat down to use it and asked it `` who am I speaking with '' . Slowly the key moved to spell out `` Billy Mays Here '' . Immediately after that there was a burst of cold air , and now he wo n't leave my house . He throws away all of the products I own that he did n't endorse , for example , all of my paper towels . I have to clean all my messes with Zorbeez , as he will not allow me to keep anything else . Its not all bad , I came home on my birthday and he had gotten me a Big City Slider Station , which actually works pretty good .
 I 'm very saddened that so many people are scared of this silly toy , look up the Ideomotor Effect . Yes , I was creeped out too as a little , uninformed kid . Then I learned science . Now , if someone has this , then have a Ouija session with the participants BLINDFOLDED -LRB- with an observer or videocamera recording the results -RRB- . Now , what does it spell ?
 Ouija boards , at one time , were mysterious and mystical to play . This new version has a great box and cover , recalling those intense hours of the future of my youth . the contents in this version is cheap , made entirely of flimsy cardboard . It does not live up to its promising cover
 I used an original one when I was a kid , but have n't since , because it goes against my personal faith . But that is beside the point . I bought this glow-in-the-dark board as a prop for a short film , thinking it would be something different and kind of spooky for the camera . Instead , it came across more like a toy , sort of a cheaper version of the real thing -- not the exact effect I was looking for , so I ended up not using it for the film and tossing it in the trash .
 Was sent the wrong item was sent a cheaper regular board.want to send it back on there dime or give me the $ 6.00 difference .
 As a prospective buyer , I looked forward to reading some customer reviews , I hoped to find out what this GAME is about , maybe even some directions and I found that the review of said GAME , MADE BY FLIPPIN ' PARKER BROTHERS , has turned into a heated religious debate over who , what , and how to be Christian or otherwise ... all of you people trying to top one another 's arguments , while trying to appear believable , when most of you can not go as far as spelling words correctly . Interesting . Stop thinking that everybody hates you and what you stand for and blog your preachings somewhere else ! Thanks .
 You can not contact dead people with any Ouija board . There are scientific explainations as to why these boards seem to work . Do a web search for the ideomotor effect and you will find plenty of REAL scientific evidence and not B-O-L-O-G-N-A . People who believe in Ouija boards just choose to ignore the science as another possible explaination . If you know what the answers are to questions then the game piece will move to those answers because your mind is expecting the answer . To test these ideas you should use a Ouija board in a language that you do not understand at all and that has different characters . For example
 I bought this for my 14 year old son for his birthday . It is more of a collector 's item , but I could n't find any `` new '' games on the market . The seller represented it well in their ad . I was pleased with the overall purchase , and it shipped quickly .
 This product has been misclassified . It is not suitable for children of any age -LRB- or adults for that matter ! -RRB- .
 Anyone who says that a Ouija Board is just a toy or a game does not know what he is talking about . Anyone who says that it is not dagerous has not yet had a bad experience from using one . I have had a very bad experience and the only way to get relief from it was to start going to church!By the way , William Fuld who marketed this `` game '' in the early 1900 's went to court to prove that it was an occult device and not a game ! And , the court ruled that it was not a game!These `` spirits '' that operate the board are called demons and demons are bad or evil or whatever you want to call them . They are no good . Do n't let your children ever use them ! Make them stop . And do n't ever use one!Anyone who says you can use them safely are either fools or liars . These New Agers are misguided souls turning to evil spirits instead of God.This is no joke ! Please take my advice !
 All of the reviews warning people not to use this particular board make me laugh . This board is JUST PLASTIC AND CARDBOARD ! They are all made in the factory where all of our favorite dolls and board games are made . They are all made the way Monopoly and other fun games are made . They ca n't be posessed because you would need to have the board cursed by a witch person . They are made by the thousands just as all other toys are . I bought this and you have to move the pointer yourself and the board overall is just basically nothing . It is like paper and pencil . However , there are homemade boards you can buy on eBay that are posessed and that are dangerous . But I think it is ridiculous that some supernatural being would want to hang out in a peice of cardboard for all eternity .
 ONE CHRISTMASS I GOT AN OUIJA BOARD . MY BROTHER AND I PLAYED IT EVERY DAY . ONE DAY I GOT TIRED OF PLAYING IT SO I STOPED BUT MY BROTHER KEPT PLAIND THE DARN THING FROM THIS DAY HE CALLS THE OUIJA BOARD MASTER AND HE DOES WHAT THE OUIJA BOARD SEZ TO DO . MY PARENTS TOOK HIM TO A SPECIAL DOCTER AND THE DOCTER SAID HE IS PAZEST BYE THE GREAT OUIJA POWERS GOD HELP MY BROTHER
 Why would anyone want to play around with dead spirits ?? Take a minute and think about it . If you really do believe in spirits , and as a Christian sold out to Jesus , I do , then why would the `` afterlife '' of dead people be so limited , small and boring that they have nothing better to do than to spend time talking to you through a piece of wood ? Do you people who conjure up these spirits really think that dead people have no more to do than to come back and haunt the living ? Ephesians 6:12 says , `` For we wrestle not against flesh and blood , but against the principalities , against powers , against the rulers of the darkness of this world , against spiritual wickedness in high places . '' The spirits so many of you are fond of talking to are on assignment from Satan himself . The Bible says Satan goes to and fro seeking whom he may devour because he hates mankind and wants to kill us spiritually . These spirits , which are also referred to as `` familiar '' spirits can attach themselves to people for their entire life . So if you reach a `` spirit '' of a dead loved one , do not be fooled if it mimics what that person used to say or do . Satan is the father of lies and deceit and would love to trick you into thinking that you can play with his demons and converse with them . How can the prince of all that is unholy and utterly abominable want to play with you?And as for the other reviewers who suggest you grab a cross or pray before and after the game , know that God will not be mocked . Jesus is not on the cross because He is a risen and an alive God who will not have any other gods before him . How come some of you seemed so versed in the occult but want to `` pray '' and play with the devil and then ask for God 's protection . This will not help you and you may get burned in your afterlife when you get to meet your spirit friends up close and personal . Even the demons you talk to know this ! TAKE HEED and follow the biblical advice from Jesus ' own words , Matthew 8:22 , '' ... Let the dead bury their dead . ''
 This is merely a form of a channeling tool used to open up the doorway to mediumship . As someone that delved deeply into all of that junk and had it come back to bite me in the butt I speak truth when I say that all items that endorse mediumship and predicting the future or other events through mediumship are channels or doorways for evil spirits . No matter what may be coming through , spiritism can and will lead to things such as mental conditions , spiritual possession , and it can mess your life up -LRB- seriously ! -RRB- . We truly are in control of our own destinies , but the choices that we make get us there . Playing with spiritism and mediums like Ouija boards open the user up and basically say `` I do '' to evil entities wanting to mess with your mind and your life . When you play with ouija boards you make a choice to let the demonic play with your mind and spirit . Its an invitation for spiritism to come into your life .
 This game was not fun at all and I do n't think I will be buying from amazon ever again ... complete waste of money
 Look , I 've been reading about reviews but , alot of them are ` nt about toy . For crying out loud !! One of these reviews has book listings for books about God . Okay I 'm Cathiolic but please do n't judge me ! One of the things most people do n't like are judging them by RELIGION . So everybody come on stop doing this to people like me . Oh and guess what ? I 'm 10 and I 'm correcting people 's mistakes.Atheist is fine with me , so 's jewish , I just do n't care !
 oh my gosh - a ouija board aint a toy , come on im 13 and i no that . youve got to be so careful cos you dont no who you could be contacting ! i read somewhere that if youve got an evil spirit that it can haunt for for years and years ! my mum also said when you do it dont b silly and start laffin and askin the spirit silly questions cos it could get angry . my mums friend also told me not to ask it about death and that , but i dont no whether its tru or not , never asked one lol . me n my friend did a home made one today in my house which is haunted . the glass didnt move but we herd bangs and when asked whether it could nok 2 times for female and 1 time for male , we got 2 noks . we also found out that it was young -LRB- under 18 -RRB- and we felt tingling on our skins ! freaky ! and before you start ask for protection against bad spirits or things could turn nastycya
 I played this , it made no sense at all . . The thing didnt move at all . I played with my lovely boyfriend and nothing happened , no ghosts came out nothing happened , It wasnt movieing its just a urban legend to trick you .
 This Quija board is possessed by spirits . * True story * There was this woman who played with this item and she got possessed by the devil . Her voice would transform from woman to man everytime the devil would decide to enter her body . She would also curse to her parents or to anyone who was in front of her everytime she got possessed . At first , She was an atheist as well as her parents but the day she used this board with her friends at this party would be the beginning to a tormented life . She is now possessed by the devil , and she is having a hard time getting the spirits out of her . Any audience reading these words need to understand that your soul is at stake . The Ouija board may look all cute and beautiful with its letters but it is all a trap by Satan and his evil fallen angels.You can not be a Catholic or a Presbyterian and play with magic -LRB- be playing with this Ouija board -RRB- . If you do , then you are not a catholic but more on the voodoo side . In other words you play with the devil , you are a satanist-a devil worshipper . In conclusion
 I played with a Ouija board once , when I was a young teenager . I 've regretted it ever since , for a reason I ca n't put in this review . I really do n't mean to be preachy , but I feel I must warn others so they do n't suffer the same way I did . -LSB- ... -RSB- . Question
 Do use people know how dangerous a ouija board is , my good i ca n't beleave use recommend this `` game '' for 8 years and up ... Do u know that useing a ouija board , can bring fourth very strong and powerful demons ... when useing the ouija board , when u call upon a spirit , 7 spirits come forward ... this spirits are confused and dangerous and have probabaly died of a terrible death , eg , suicide , murder , etc etc. i myself am a paranormal investigator ... and i have seen what troubles it has brought for people ... this game should be banned ... spirits take more advantage of young children , espically when they go into puberty ... u have been warned , this game can lead demonic posseoin ... or u can have a demon follow you around and drain ur energy
 I am a mother of three and wish that people would stop selling this as a toy because this will never be a toy.When I was a teenager I had a ouiji board and life was never the same after.I became obsessed and used it on my own alone it worked by myself but a grave mistake it was.I went through hell.The movie the exocist is based on a child using a ouiji board it is a true story.Whether you believe in the supernatural or not do n't take the risk I was a naive teenager then , now I know the consequences , but it was a severe price to pay .
 About a year ago me and a couple of my friends were at had a party and decided it would be fun to play with a Ouija Bored . We were sure it was just fun , not evil like some people believe . So we asked it stupid questions like who we were going to marry and stuff and it did n't appear to work . Then I suggested we ask the Ouija Board what it was because I was curious if it would work . The answer we recieved was `` Be not afraid . I am demon . '' I have never touched one since because I know the truth . For awhile after that night I always felt like someone was behind me watching me . Now it is only once in a very long while . I opened a door I should n't have and there is no way to close it . All this is the truth told by a 16 year old American girl who wants to help others from making her mistakes .
 This game is not a good game ! It is very dangerous and can do bad things thjat can change your life ! Do not buy it ! Its not cool ! Take my advice and stay away unless you want to risk something .
 When I was a kid my mother bought me one of these . WE -LRB- my friends and sisters -RRB- played with it many times . Sometimes it did not seem to work at all . There was one night that it worked so well we thought that one of us must be directing the game . We got answers to all kinds of questions that night . We wrote down some of the answers and put the paper away . About a year later my mom told us that we were going to move to another state in about a month . She gave us some of the info about where we would move to and when we would be going . After I told my friend that I was going to move out of state . She reminded me that we had asked the game about us moving the year before.So I dug out my keep sake box and found the answer list.There it wasMoving ? Answer = YES!What state ? Answer = Letters AL -LRB- which happend to match the state we moved to!What city ? Answer = Letters P G -LRB- Which is the letter in the name of the city we did move to!It also gave the date the move was to take place but we miss moving on that date by two days because our car broke down ! Oh BTW we never told our Mom or Dad . It freaked us out so bad ! DEVIL TOY?NOT sure I would call it that but for us this thing showed us that you never know what can happen when you mess around with the unknown !!!! I wo n't buy this one for my kids ! Not touching it with a ten foot poll !!!! Forget it !
 I know many people out there do n't believe in spirits or channeling , but if you want my opinion I would say stay away from these things at all cost ! No , i 'm not a religious fanatic who condems people for communicating with spirits or whatever , i am taking this very seriously . These boards are DANGEROUS ! For those of you who do n't know , Oujia channels a spirit into your arms to move the eye piece around and spell out answers to questions . Keeping that in mind , what 's to stop said spirits from taking over the rest of your body?Really , avoid this and especially keep it away from younger children , they are the most vulnerable.I give it a maximum durability score because some of my friends had Oujia boards and the darn things would not die ! You know like the movie Jumanji where they keep trying to get rid of the board and it always winds up somewhere ? It 's like that , it was really scarey . One family even left it in thier old house when they moved across the country only to find another one waiting for them in their new home.I ca n't force my beliefs on all of you , that goes against what I believe , but I 'm telling you if you want to know about your future , look into Tarot or something safer
 To warn you this should not be classified as a toy . I know some of my older friends who have tried this thing and they supposedly saved someones afterlife and do n't shun me for what I just said because not one of them could make up such a story as what the ouija board had told them . All you get with the Ouija board is just stupid spirits basically all the time and it has really screwed up some peoples minds . I 'm 13 and I wo n't touch the thing . I gave the fun 1 stars because there is hardly any fun if you get a stupid spirit that says it 's gon na kill you or something and fun if it just answers some normal questions . This toy is very educational , it tells you not to mess with the thing in one way or another . -LRB- or any of the spirits unless you know how to deal with them -RRB- This `` toy '' is durable because you 're only screwed if the little clear thing pops out of the pointer -LRB- or whatever you want to call it -RRB- Age reccommendation = 14 - adult or no one in that fact . Little kids should not be messing with these spirits . I warned you .
 I hear people talking about a religion called ' Presbyterian ' , and there is a Presbyterian church done my street . I wonder , what kind of religion is it ? can you describe it for me ? I know they celebrate Halloween , cuz i passed by and there was a large sign for halloween there . thanks for the help , Eldaughia
 I am 38 years old and played with an Ouija board when I was 7 and it has disturbed me ever since . This is no game . It is fooling around with something you do n't want to mess with . Please do n't introduce your children or grandchildren to it . It does work by demonic power , not the power of angels . It may seem like a whole lot of fun but it is dangerous to say the least . This `` game '' should be sold in back alleys , not reputable toy stores .
 I was so excited to try this out . I thought the glow in the dark aspect would be a super enhancement feature to the game . Also , I have been on Roymicin since the holidays because I had this nasty bacterial infection of my eyes . I thought the combination of the two would give me a paranormal effect that I 'll never forget . So I finally get the game out of the package . I test the durabilty of the board by standing on it -LRB- no problem at all , it holds up perfectly -RRB- . So I carefully squeeze some Roymicin in my eyes and proceed with my possible contact with the spirit world . I dim the lights , lock the doors , and shut the ringers off my phones . Its perfect . So after an hour preparation , I was ready to go . Then it happened . I could n't find that pointy pointer thing you put your hand on . At first I thought it was the slight blurred vision my medication was giving me , but after searching thoroughly through the box , I knew that was n't the case . After stubbing my toe on my coffee table trying to find the light switch in the dark , I came to the gloomy conclusion that the company forgot to send me one . -LRB- By the way , a plastic coffee can lid makes a lousy substitution -RRB- Needless to say , it ruined my night . -LSB- ... -RSB- Take it from me , before you waste an hour of your time trying to create the perfect mood for a ouija game , make sure all of the contents from the game are there .
 ONetime , I saw these people , and they were all possesed by the ouiji board , and they were all saying weird things , And my uncle playd it and it scared him to death , because they asked questions and the board actually new the right answer ... So only get the board if you wan na take a risk of being possesd and being scared .
 I bought this game hoping to have some contact with a spirit.Guess What ... Nothing happened . I tried almost every day since I bought it and ... nothing happened .
 okay . this is more than a game . games dont move around on themselves and talk to you . It has worked for me and my friends and it is bad news . They are not real spirits , they could say anything to trick you . When you are dead , you go either to heaven or hell , you dont stay around and talk to ouija boards . God would not do that with spirits , but satan would with his to trick them . Be careful guys , it 's some sort of strange force that causes it and it is not `` just a game '' . Wether you are religious or not , you can not deny stuff that has really happened due to those boards . It 's satanic wether u believe in it or not . do your research
 Is it just curiosity ? It works . Everyone that 's tried it can tell you . But what are you looking to get out of it ? Spiritual advice , answers you feel you ca n't answer yourself ? or is it just for fun ? what kind of fun do you expect out of it ? do you think it 's a fun family game ? or fun for a slumber party ? well , try Gestures , or Pictionary , or maybe even Scrabble . But this is n't a game to be bought . if you 're that curious , get it ... but be smart , and be careful . think before you ask questions , remember to always close the `` door '' to that unknown place the answers come from . i wo n't say do n't get it ... everyone always do what they 're told not to .
 I dont understand why so many people claim that the ouija board is cursed . I tried it myself just to see what happens , i played with one other person and absolutely nothing happened . i even turned off the lights and lit up candles and still nothing happened . I tested it out several times and even cursed it out and everything and still the stupid board did n't do anything . So all these stories about weird things happening when you play ouija is all made up .
 This is not a game , if you really do it.It is not spirits either , its evil demons that lie to impersonate spirits . I guess that for the ouja board to work , you must be devoid of the holy spirit . Demons have been around and watching everything for a long time , they know past events and can easily impersonate `` a spirit '' . It is not necessarily safe .
 I have played this game many times and all I have learned is that it dose n't work ! Well it does move ... only because our fingers start to move after waiting 2-5 minutes !!! So the only thing I can tell you is do n't buy it . I have it and have not played it since the day I bought it .
 Any Ouija board game is NOT a toy and should not be bought as one , unless you are not a believer !
 ... that pretty much wraps it up ! Really , this is just a piece of hard card-board with a decal on it that they tried to pass off as an Ouija board . Very pricey . Very poorly constructed.Make youre own ! Sure , it may be hard work , but it will pay off in the end !
 please dont use ouija boards . They are very VERY dangerouse . They bring negative spirits into the atmoshpere and people get haunted by those spirits . PLEASE LISTEN TO MY WARNING !
 i tried the quija board out cause i thought it would be really cool if it actually worked . my wife has seen people use one before and she believes that they really work . so one day we bought one then that night we took it out . turned out the lights and gave it a try . we must have sat there for half and hour and nothing at all happened . i was already somewhat of a skeptic even though my wife said she saw it work before . but this just reassured me that i was indeed right , they do n't work unless someone moves them . as far as fun , well if nothing happens its not really fun now is it ? as far as educational goes , i learned two things . not to believe that something is real just cause someone tells you it is , and that i wasted my money on a goofy glow in the dark piece of cardboard and a piece of plastic . and durabily ... well , its plastic and cardboard so its not exactly child resilient .
 This board is real !!!! You wouldnt suspect that from a toy company would you ? I wouldnt , but bad things happen when you use it . When u use it , You allow spirits to come into yur house . Good Or Evil , Theyll come in . Im not gon na risk trying this , but the reason i know about it is because I know someone who got this . The bad part is , that the evil spirits can possess you . That explains all of the death stories here ...
 I bought the board but it was very lame . It would n't show real words unless I moved my self . Do n't waste you money buying this toy .
 got this brand new , factory sealed from amazon . there are barely any pieces to the thing to begin with , yet somehow the jerks at Hasbro managed to not put in the little rubber/plastic feet that make the thing slide across the board . job well down folks ... classy ... this is of course in no way , shape or form amazon 's fault , it 's Hasbro 's fault .
 Most of u people OMG this is what u sound like `` O Parker Brothers is out to get me they 're trying to kill me by selling a game that is reccomended for 8-15 year olds '' Yeah like parker brothers would sell a game that could hurt u I 'M SOOOO SCARED I have one word to say Ughhhhhhh
 This board is an absolute evil . My cousin asked on a stormy day to the Ouija board if something bad would happen . The board responded `` This could very well be . '' The kitchen then set fire -LRB- and no one was in there . -RRB- The Ouija boards are evil and must be destroyed .
 I do not think this is an item that a child should be using . . I also do not think this is an item anybody that is not experienced in the use of a Ouija board should be using . THIS IS NOT A TOY !! This kind of thing should not be taken lightly . There can be serious reprocutions if this item is used in the wrong way . I know a lot of people think this is a game and it is fake . It 's Not . Please Please if you are going to use it read up on it first !! There are many books you can find on using a Ouija board .
 My mother bought this toy to talk to the `` funny '' things in our house , which , by the way , had more than a `` presence '' to it . So , when I was 20 -LRB- and a U.S. Marine -RRB- , I thought I would play with her Ouija board to say hello . Well , after a while whatever it was we were talking to decided it was going to play with me -- I lost total control over my right arm from the upper bicep down . My arm would float , wave , and do other odd things until it came to the point where I was unable to move it without using cognitive thought -- meaning I had to physically force my arm in a direction because it would not move by itself . Long story short , I called my Bible-thumper father who , besides being extremely upset , prayed with me . The effects were negated a bit , but it did not go away totally until my buddy and I took it to the front lawn , destroyed it , and lit it on fire.Months later my younger brother , being excited by my story , bought one so he and his friend could say hello to creepy things at our house . After about two to three months of playing with it -LRB- and they happened to be recording on video at the time -RRB- , my brother 's friend started to speak in a completely different voice -LRB- a manly one as his friend was only 13 at the time -RRB- . After 10 minutes of talking about people and things my brother knew nothing about , as well as a short tirade of swear words and anger , his buddy relaxed and finished talking about what he was speaking about before he was interrupted . He -LRB- the buddy -RRB- had no idea he lost 10 minutes of his time , or that his thoughts were interrupted . Showing him the tape -LRB- later which disappeared completely a few days later -RRB- , they saw a black shadow pass the lense before and after the incident . They too took the board out in front and destroyed it as I did.Moral of the story ? The Ouija is not a toy . For those that think it is , watch The Exorcist . Based on a true story of a boy in Mt. Rainier . Parents , if you are considering this as a gift , please consider something else that does n't have such shady implications . Better yet , read up on the subject , read up on the past and production of this `` board game . '' It too , has a shady past.B.C .
 Everyone else claims that their board comes with spirits or - better still - demons ! So I eagerly bought one , hoping to finally find definitive proof of the supernatural . Boy was I disappointed to find all this toy did was perfectly demonstrate the ideomotor effect ... I feel cheated .
 i really did not like this game , i got it for my 11th birthday -LRB- a sleepover -RRB- me and my friends all decided to try it , it sounded cool but when we played you could not tell if people were moving it or not , its just a bunch of bologna anyways , is n't it ? plus all my friends went crazy when we asked if there were spirits in the house and it moved to yes . they completely trashed my room which I HAD to clean up the next day .
 Yes , to most young people , -LRB- such as 13 and under -RRB- the Ouija board may be fun to play around with , but it is NOT A TOY !!! This instrument should be used by only the advanced sorcerer or witch or higher . -LRB- yes , they are REAL ! -RRB- Especially sorcerers in High Magick.Ouija boards CAN and WILL attract spirits , whether they be Good or Evil . And without proper protection spells , they CAN inhabit a persons body , or hang around you till they decide to leave . They can even influence a person into things they do not wish to do . I recomend reading the book , `` The Grimoire of Armadel '' before even messing with an Ouija board!Another educational book would be , `` Ouija , the most dangerous game . `` It will cover everything about the board and what dangers can be caused . If you are a parent , I recomend you not buy this for your child , if your child is under the age of 13 . It could cause much harm.But , the good sides to the Ouija board , is that it helps contact spirits . Usually , you will have no choice in what chooses to answer your call . -LRB- But perhaps there are magickal ways to choose who you want to speak with ... -RRB- The board will usually not answer to questions such as , `` Will I ever become Famous ? '' and `` Who will I marry when I grow up ? `` This `` toy '' is for communicating with spirits . If you feel as if you are being followed , but can never seem to see the stalker , it is most likey an unwanted spirit . It is best to get an exorism , if you do not know magick and the proper banishing spells.And as for the glow to the board , I find that totally usless . Only a waste of money , and just to spook kids.But let me repeat , this board is NOT a TOY !!! Evil loves power , and the board does contain a certain amount of power . -LRB- Even though is may not seem like it . -RRB- You are lucky if a good spirit beats the evil spirit to the board first .
 Never use this it is incredibly risky and Dangerous . Do NOT take the risk . It is not worth it . You are messing with things you should not mess with and have no control over !!!!
 Ok first of all this is a tool used in Wicca and this is not a kids toy this is bad news for people i really suggest that you do not buy this kind of thing for a kid unless they really really really know what they are doing this is something that shouldnt be played with and shouldnt be used as a toy this really does contact spirits may they be good or bad . Using this makes you very open to the spirit relm and is like leaving your door open and then going on vacation BAD NEWS don not buy this sort of thing unless you know what you are doing . THIS DOES WORK and can make you posessed if u dont know what you are doing !
 You mighte need some protection against the evil spirits that live in the board . I suggest using a pentagram ... But use whatever you want for protection . And if ur using a pentagram , Its the 5 pointed star made from 1 line ... And if the pentagram is upside down , it wont protect you !!! The upside down pentagram atracts evil spirits
 Ouija Board - It 's not a game , are you kidding me ... The small amout of money you may spend will not equal what it could end up costing you in the end.I 'm not here to say all that have played with a Ouija Board will have the same result but I have seen my self that the number who have will tell you , some doors should remain closed , because once opened , without the knowledge or understanding you may not be able to close what you opened.Spiritual Warefare is very real , our kids lack this understanding nor do they need to be exposed . Go online , read what others have had to say , look on youtube , facts are facts , I 'm just saying from my personal experence , I 'd not even allow a Ouija Board in my home.I was in my later years before I was able to close what I opened back when I was a kid , thinking `` Ooooo how fun , lets talk to the dead '' , I 'm a lucky one , I closed the door.Anyway , use at own risk ... GM from South Carolina
 This is not a toy . Amazon , how DARE you put this dangeruos occult device in a toy section!there have been many people who have gotten possed by demons through this `` toy '' . I remeber a few years ago I went over to my grandparents house . they had an ouija . I refused to use it -LRB- the bible says not to & i am a bible believeing mormon -RRB- , but my brother and my cousin did . It kept on telling them to `` make a wall of blood '' . They said `` what do you mean '' and it said '' lake eerie -LRB- a local lake -RRB- take a boat to middle cut yourself put dop -LSB- sic -RSB- f -LSB- sic -RSB- blood in wter -LSB- sic -RSB- . '' That sounded suspicious . my grandma came downstairs all upset screaming that she heard a laugh and heavy breathing while she was making cookies . well , she saw them playng with the ouija and she took it and lit a fire in the fireplace and threw it in . it screamed a horrible scream that caused my grampa 's ears to bleed . we later googled and found out that it was an ancient ritual to cut yourself and put a drop of blood in a lake that somebody died in to give them control of your body . the night that happned my borther complained of hearing somebody whisper `` make a wall , make a wall of your blood . '' in his ear . i put holy water around his room and it stopped.sadly i couldnt give this evil thing 0 stars . STAY AWAY THE BEST WAY TO PREDICT THE FUTURE IS TO MAKE IT !!! All you skeptics , go get a board and tell it to posses your body . see what happens . you wont be a skeptic anymore !!
 I found this game in kb toys , this ouija bourd is from the devils side . one dude was possessed by satan ... and i swear he played with an ouija bourd . this is not a childs toy and will never be . dont fool around with it and dont buy it
 When I was in high school , a friend of mine became obsessed with this game . She took to school , played the game in the shower stalls after practice . We were at a halloween party when she took it out into the woods to play it . A guy at the party saw how intense and possessed she became , and grabbed it from her . As he walked away , she went into psychotic hysterics , thrashing at him and screaming at him to give it back . He took it over to the campfire and threw the game in it . The campfire immediately burst into a huge bonfire -LRB- it literally quadrupled in size -RRB- , with green flames . It scared the heck out of all of us . As soon as it burned up , my friend snapped back into her normal self , thankful that the guy had done that . Please beware of this game . Stay away from it .
 Beware parents , do NOT let your children buy this game . In fact , do n't let anyone buy this game !!! This game is an occult device and all that you talk to are demons and not ` deceased ones ' . As soon as I played one , it opened pocherguiest in my home which took forever to get rid of , after some prayer services I got rid of them . Also I knew a few that have had marks where demons gained legal ground to their bodies through the Ouija hurt them !! DO NOT LET YOUR KID BUY THIS BECAUSE HE/SHE WILL PUT HIM/HERSELF IN DANGER OF BEING EXPOSED PHYSICALLY TO THE DEMONIC REALM !!!! THIS DEVICE IS THE SAME AS LETTING YOUR CHILD PLAY WITH A REAL GUN !!!!!!!!!!!!
 People . . I dont wan na ruin the party but this is just asking for trouble . I know I might be a hipicrit after this is over but whatever . For what I know , this recalls dead spirits . And this is a game ? Ok . My late mother 's cousin had a original version or something of this type . It was called a ` luigi ' -LRB- or something like that -RRB- board . She was playing with this by herself . Not too long after that Gasoline was somehow put in the cabinet under the sink . She went in there and lit up a cigarette . She was burned alive . The only part that was n't burned was a small piece above her forhead . Go figure . I repeat this is not a game . Stay away .
 This toy , or devil communicator is very , very bad news . I am serious ! This thing will let you communicate with the devil ! If you have seen the movie `` The Exorcist '' the way the little girl was possesed by the demon was by playing with this board ! This is mostly NOT a toy ! Stay away from it at all costs !
 THIS BOARD GAME IS EVIL ! IM NOT A BIBLE BUMBER ! IT IS WELL KNOWN FOR INVITEING IN BAD SPIRITS INTO YOUR HOME . TO HARM YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ... STAY AWAY ! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !!!!
 This is NOT a toy , and it 's very real ! The `` ghosts '' you think you 're talking to , are nothing but demons from the pits of Hell who are trying to mislead you.Parents.PLEASE educate your children with the truth about these things.Read Deuteronomy 18:10 -13 in The Bible.I 'm speaking the truth as a Christian.That is why I probally will catch alot of heat for writing this review.If I had been a Muslim , I would be overlooked.That 's lovely religious `` tolerance '' for ya .
 come on people think this should not be sold here in stores . nothing good can come from this product come on look at its history people used to use this thing to communicate with the dead . if you know what you are doing then yes go ahead and buy this but if you have no clue about this and buying it thinking oh it is just a game then you should not buy it . this thing can both ways between good and evil so noone should play with this for it is n't a game and it is n't for kids . so i remind you nothing good can come from this product .
 this is not a toy . i 'm in the group to ban this ouija boards . it 's a disgrace for it to be soo easily bought . i am a parents and if any parents think of buying this ... please do n't buy it . so help u God is with u
 This is not a toy . Several numerous accounts of possession , madness , and suicide are documented regarding this dangerous board . DO NOT get this board , DO NOT have it in your home , MOST ESPECIALLY DO NOT let your children play with it , it is highly dangerous !
 this batman is not very well made . batmans cape is of poor quaility fabric . both charaters have only minimal articulation , head shoulder & hip . if you want the joker to complete the justice league collection this is the only way i know to get one ... . sigh ...
 I purchased this for a gift and was disappointed when I saw the plastic pieces and flimsy looking parts . After it was assembled some substitutions had to be made due to lack of parts . I would not purchase this set due to poor quality of parts , will not work with motor , and the high price . These sets also include 6 different pictures of what you can make but only include instructions for 4 ! The receiver wants to keep the gift against my advice . I will never buy any of the `` new '' erector sets from now on . I 'll be looking for the original erector sets because the quality was there and you got what you paid for .
 I purchased this set because it was the largest available and I loved my erector set as a kid . However , this is a poor product . There are very few ` parts ' . You will need every single one to make most of the designs included . So do n't lose even one piece . Not $ 5 worth of metal here . They count every nut and bolt ! Designs are complicated and parts are very small , almost impossible to assemble , especially anything with the motor and gearbox . Blueprints are poor as well . Included tools are useless . I could not have been more dissapointed with this purchase . I do not recommend !!!
 The greatest virtue of this educational toy is that it teaches about frustration annd the implementation of poorly laid plans . While individual pieces are made very well the design is garbage and the best construction methods and delicacy can only create what is a poorly thought out toy . I would buy another product OR be prepared for a rough time of building with your beloved kids .
 Like the set , but do not like the way the box is designed . This is definitely not the same quality as the Erector set I grew up with , but at the very least , make a box that holds the pieces without losing them in the box - once you open the bags .
 My daughter and I expected these to be roughly the size of the Stacy dolls in the old Barbie line , and were very surprised when we saw how large they actually are . They might have been a bit more playable if there was at least some articulation , but their legs do n't even bend . They are really figures more than dolls.Two thumbs down !
 dumb dolls . they all look the same except different color skin and hair . big woop ! way to show individuality , mattel ! NOT !
 This toy takes away the fun of barbies . When i would play with my original Stacie doll , only 15 years ago i loved it because it was planning for the future . Now the Stacie doll no longer looks like an eight year old . I was displeased when they made the `` my scene '' dolls and the `` bratz '' are worse but now Mattel is changing tons of things about Barbies . Kelly ` s head is bigger and her body looks like some of the anorexia pictures my doctor has hanging up and now the Stacie doll is ruined . My name is Stacey so i always felt close to these dolls and they have always been my favorites . My five year old plays with my Stacie dolls that are almost destroyed and when i head these dolls were coming out i got online and looked ta pictures and noticed they looked funny but decided to see them in stores . So the day before Easter i showed up at my local Tpys R Us store and the sales lady told me they had been getting calls about the Stacie dolls but taht they had not heard of them being released ! So then i got online and started to read the reviews and when i heard they had large bodies i had to order one myself . Well , instead my sister ordered one and let me see it . I thought that maybe my daughter would approve of it still and she and my neice began to play together and after only 10 minutes my daughter said `` mommy this doll isnt right '' she knew ! My daughter wo n`t play with them , although my neice will . Either way i dislike this doll and really , im worried about what Mattel is doing to their fashion dolls such , `` my scene '' and the new kelly dolls .
 The dolls were not included with my order . I do n't understand why . It specifically said dolls and accessories would be in my delivery but it was n't . My granddaughter was suppose to get this for a Christmas present . Maybe this was an error , if it was please send the rest of my order . Please respond so that I wo n't think that I got misled . I do n't understand why I have not received my three dolls yet.Please send my three dolls that goes with the accessories .
 I got this puzzle for my baby as a Christmas gift . Within the first few days , the puzzle pieces started to warp . Now the pieces are in two or three separate layers and do n't even fit the spaces . I do n't have the information on the company I got it from except for the name or I 'd be getting my money back or getting it replaced . Now my baby wants to bite on the wood pieces . Not good !
 ONCE YOU SLAP THE ANIMALS ON A FEW TIMES IT 'S BORING . MY 20 mo old son already knows the names and animal sounds so beyond making up stories there is n't much to this ... for the price there are better values out there ... heck , make your own farm puzzle
 I thought this would be great for my 10 month old , because he loves the fuzzy textures , but when the pieces came out of their spots , I discovered that the edges are n't even * sanded * . I understand that they want it to have this ` handmade ' vibe , but he could have had a serious problem with a splinter , if I 'd let him have this . NOT for babies who are ` mouthing ' , or anything else . Too bad , too , it looked like a great puzzle .
 I watch my one year old play with all of his toys and he put a piece from this puzzle in his mouth and an extremely sharp , pointed shard of the wood particle board came off in his mouth . Had I had my back turned we would have had a real emergency . I will continue to allow him to play with it , but only under strict supervision and nothing goes in his mouth !!!! Bad construction .
 My one year old son was chewing on a piece of this puzzle and a very sharp , pointed one inch shard of wood splintered off into his mouth . Fortunately I always play with him and was able to grab it . Had I not been there we would have had a severe emergency . Do not buy this puzzle . The pieces are constructed of layered wood veneer and the edges are frayed and splintery -LRB- right out of the package -RRB- . The Melissa and Doug large knob puzzles are solid wood and SO much safer .
 Let me first say that I have several Melissa & Doug puzzles & love them . I bought this puzzle in a specialty store -LRB- for a lot more $ $ -RRB- , & had a problem within DAYS . The fuzz was coming off in clumps , & several edges were very rough & splintered . I 'm suprised my son did n't get hurt . I did call Melissa & Doug , & they replaced the puzzle for a different one . I think if more people call about problems with this puzzle , maybe they 'll see that they have to change it . Stick with their peg puzzles .
 I guess that somebody could pay this obviously incorrect price for the item if they wanted to stimulate the economic status of the manufacturer . `` Hey - Amazon ... FIX THE WEBSITE !! : - -RRB-
 I guess I was thinking about the rocking horse that I had when I grew up . It was pretty . This horse is so ugly . It is very big for an almost two year old - long fall down that is . So unfortunately , we have put it away till he gets older/taller . On the positive side , the springs are wrapped so that your child can not pinch their fingers . It does make sounds which is cool .
 Well , my son -LRB- who is almost 3 -RRB- loves to bounce on this one zebra type toy , but he is too big for it . I thought for sure he would love this toy . He was very excited , at first . We have had it for over a month and he rarely uses it . I think he may use it more when he gets older , but for now it is just sitting in our living room mainly collecting dust .
 Radio Flyer has eliminated some of the features that made this toy nicer than other spring horses , but it has retained its premium price tag . No padded leather seat anymore , just a hard plastic seat . Comfortable ? How could it be ? It also has other downgrades . In addition , it is manufactured in China . Radio Flyer , you can only live on reputation for so long . Look elsewhere for a better version .
 We were very unhappy when we opened the box and found that we did not get the leather seat . The feature that most attracted us to this toy was the padded seat . We tried to be careful and order model 300 , but ended up with the cheaper model 301 . If we were going to do this over again , we would buy from someone else who would guarantee to send the model 300 .
 My in-laws gave this to my daughter as a Christmas gift and two weeks later , the sound module stopped working . I thought it might be the batteries but no such luck.I ca n't return it because there 's no gift receipt and my daughter refuses to ride it anymore . Since the sound does n't work , she thinks the horse itself is broken . So I 'm going to have to buy a new sound module from Radio Flyer for a poorly made product.So , I suggest not paying any extra for sound . And to echo another recent review , this version comes with a plastic seat and non-adjustable stirrups .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas , he had seen it on TV and wanted it . Could n't find it anywhere so I purchased it from the manufacturer . This thing is a piece of junk . The little `` balls '' , or whatever they are suppose to be do not get as high up in the air as they show on TV and the package . My son does n't play with it . I was totally disappointed with it . I truely recommend not buying this toy , you will be throwing your money away .
 Kids played it one time and have n't touched it since . Bought the extra tower attachment which was a complete waste of money .
 Well , the toy just does not perform the way it 's suposed to . They do n't fly high in the arena and hardly EVER knock eachother out as they are suposed to do . VERY unhappy with product . HUGE disappointment for my 6 and 8 year old sons !
 I am not recommending this floor puzzle because :1 - Alphabet Letters are 1 inch tall and they are not the dominant feature on the puzzle ... not great for teaching the alphabet .2 - Animals representing the alphabet letter -LRB- s -RRB- are obscure . Example
 I purchased this thinking it was the other alphabet floor puzzle with the good review , but this one is ten feet long and connects one to one . I purchased it to help my toddler learn the alphabet , but it just takes up too much floor space and it the pictures are not very fun so the alphabet part of it seems to not to come across well enough . Quality is good if your looking for this type of puzzle .
 I ordered 2 puzzles for Christmas presents on Dec 10 . They decide to cancel the order on Dec 19th . Thanks . That means I need to do more shopping with less than 1 week before Christmas .
 We bought this Alphabet train puzzle for our two year old for Christmas . We already have 9 other puzzles by Melissa and Doug and my kids love them . This puzzle is a 10 foot long train and in two different places the picture does n't line up between two pieces . It is the alphabet , so I know that the pieces are in the correct order but you try to teach kids to line up the picture when you do a puzzle and you ca n't with this one.This definitely is not the quality that we expect from this company . We are disappointed .
 We recieved this as a present and my son was very excited to put it together . The pictures are nice and the big size makes it fun . As with any alphabet activities , we enjoyed practicing our letters by saying , `` C is for Cow , '' etc. . But when we got to X we were shocked to see they put a fox . The age range for the puzzle will expect the traditional `` X is for ... '' set up and not be looking for the letter in the final position . They did U is for umbrella so why they felt they had to do fox for x is unclear . We love most Melissa & Doug items , but fell that this one missed on this . We have to keep correcting our little one that X is not for fox !
 At first I thought this was a great puzzle and would have given it 5 stars ; the pictures are great , it is sturdy and it fits together well . But I guess my son will have to learn his A B Ds because the C is missing ! This makes the alphabet train pretty worthless . I 'm sure this is cut all at once so where did the C go ? We opened the box and pulled the pieces out one by one as we put it together so I know the C did n't get lost . Now I get to try to find a box and packing material and take time from work to go ship it back . Maybe it is n't worth it .
 I ordered this chickadee thinking that it would have the `` chicka-dee-dee-dee-dee '' sound . I was disappointed to hear the two two-toned sound only . And it is very loud .
 It did not work when i got it sent it back for refund , keep of upset that another other one could not have been sent to replace it would rather had one
 This puzzle is beautiful and my 4 year old loves it - except for the splinters it gives her . I 'd not recomend this one unless it was made of cardboard .
 So I never leave reviews , but we were looking for an educational toy to learn dinosaur names and I 'm terribly disappointed that this did n't come with a sheet identifying the dinosaurs . On top of this , so many of the dinosaurs look alike that I am not able to do the research and ID them . Contacted Melissa & Doug and they have not replied . Can anyone reading this help me ID the dinosaurs -LRB- if so , please comment -RRB- ? I see Pteranodon , Spinosaurus , Triceratops , TRex , and Stegosaurus , but the rest ?
 Nice colorful and detailed puzzle but YOU CA N'T HAVE A DINOSAUR PUZZLE WITHOUT A TRICERITOPS !!!!! What were they thinking when they designed this puzzle ? Without this omission , I would have easily rated this puzzle 4.5 stars . Add an ankylosaurus and this puzzle is an easy five stars .
 There is nothing wrong with the physical quality of this product . The issue is with its suitability for children 's play and learning . One of the most difficult concepts for elementary school children to learn is that not all dinosaurs lived at the same time ; that different families and species lived at one of three prehistoric time periods . This is result of the influence of the movie `` Land Before Time '' and other popular images showing scenes with Tyrannosaurus living at the same time as the sauropods -LRB- the `` long necks '' such as Apatosaurus -RRB- on impressionable preschoolers ' minds . So children then need to `` unlearn '' their concepts of dinosaurs living at the same time and place from those popular images . So as a Pre-K teacher in a state-certified program , I am suggesting that parents not buy this for their children . I am still searching for a dinosaurs floor puzzle that has the dinosaurs grouped into the Triassic , Jurassic , and Cretaceous Periods of the Mesozoic Era . It is not developmentally appropriate to teach young children false information , just facts that are simple enough for them to comprehend .
 This is a cute puzzle , but unfortunately , the pieces are falling apart quickly . When it says ` solid wood ' , each piece is really several very thin layers of wood glued together . When assembled , the pieces fit very tightly together so that just separating them is enough to delaminate the layers , especially the top layer which has the paper picture glued to it . This started happening the first few times we played with it .
 My son has some standard size puzzles with small pegs and some large chunky puzzles all by Mellissa and Doug . This case only fits the standard puzzles . So more than half of this case is empty for me plus I still have to look for another storage for the chunky ones . At least it would have been nice if they had a matching case for the chunky puzzles but does n't look they have one . I hate this product as it 's occupying space but is half empty and half of the puzzles are still lying outside !
 This is a cute product , but will only hold flat puzzles or ones with tiny plastic pegs . My son has many flat puzzles with various size wooden pegs on them . I just pile them all in it any which way they will go . The little racks are too close vertically for my son 's puzzles , or too wide for his square wooden puzzles . I was disappointed , but at least they are stacked in something for now to keep them contained . I guess I could have just put them all in a cute square basket ...
 I really needed storage for our puzzles but am disappointed to find that Melissa & Doug puzzles do n't fit in a Melissa & Doug storage case . Seems to be good craftsmanship otherwise .
 The case does not hold its own puzzles . I have the chunky puzzles by Melissa and Doug and they dont fit in the case . I had to return it because the wires racks are not wide enough . Its a sturdy case but not made for the chunky puzzles . I was disappointed .
 This case is very sturdy and well made but one problem , It does n't fit the puzzles !!!! You have to lift some of the puzzle pieces on outer edges out to get it to slide in .
 It only stores the thin puzzles and this is not clear in the write up . Mose of the puzzles I purchased and my grandchildren own are chunky puzzles , Bad fit with little help from the source .
 Liked the color and construction , but not one of the M & D puzzles fit in it !! And you will not figure this out until it is completely unwrapped .
 Great Puzzle Rack , Pretty Colors , Very Sturday , BUT does NOT fit Melissa and Doug chunky puzzles . This was a big disappointment because ALL of our puzzles were M&D chunky . I find it very odd that their own puzzles wo n't fit in thier rack ...
 My kids are very much into puzzles and have ONLY Melissa and Doug puzzles in various forms We purchased this because it is manufactured BY Melissa and Doug , however , only one of the five different styles of Melissa and Doug puzzles that we own fit into the slots . This means we still have about 8 other puzzles that do not fit . This was an expensive item and disappointing because we 'll now need to buy another storage rack for the other types of Melissa and Doug puzzles . I would not purchase this item again .
 I wish I would have done some research on this before I bought it . I really wish I would have checked to make sure the puzzles fit before breaking the plastic seal . I 'm so frustrated . My daughter has 5 Melissa & Doug puzzles and only 1 out of the 5 puzzles fit .
 This puzzle storage does n't work for any of Melissa and Doug puzzles . We have a pegboard puzzle and the 48 piece puzzles . The puzzles are all too big .
 I was really excited to have somewhere to store all of our Melissa and Doug puzzles and after reading a review on how this holder even held the chunky puzzles I thought it would be perfect . Sad to say it does n't fit any of our chunky puzzles without taking most of the pieces out ! Kind of defeats the purpose of organization , but we will keep it for a couple smaller puzzles we have .
 The construction and paint of this storage case is great . Typical Melissa & Doug quality , but the product does n't even hold most of the wood puzzles we own , including many that are Melissa & Doug . The spacing is just not great enough to accommodate most wood puzzles that have peg handles are that have pieces that thicker .
 When my family and I get together , we typically like to play games in groups . I thought that this game would be fun , but it was only so so . First , the directions for the game are so complicated that explaining the game to everyone for the first time is a pain . My brother joked that it was `` designed by a woman '' -LRB- as it is a gender game and the details in this game are bizarre -RRB- . I also thought that the `` bicker '' cards in the game were extremely sexist and I was embarrassed to have our 14 year old niece playing with us . You can design this game to be fun without having to have include sexual references such as `` men move four spaces ahead because at least you 're getting some '' . This game should have been designed a bit differently and use caution when playing with children .
 You spend more time playing with the DVD controls than you do playing the game . Many of the questions are beyond the average player -- like what was the name of the record album -- for fairly obscure groups .
 this game should be fun - but definitely is NOT - it is WAY too complicated to play and we gave up after almost an hour of trying to figure out the directions ...
 I bought this to play at a fun New Year 's Eve party and it was NO FUN at all ! It was very slow to play it and it was not entertaining in any way . We ended up playing Scattagories instead and having a blast .
 We found these questions , both on cards and video , to be way too hard . Unless you are a TV and movie junkie , the casual person will find this quite difficult . We would love to see a casual party game of this nature with fun , easy questions about a variety of things , not esoteric movie trivia as in this game .
 I got this for my girls , they did it once but did n't like messing with it . THey just were n't interested much with it .
 `` spinner '' - wo n't spin more than 1/4 around . Rules - a 5 year old could have done better . Candy wo n't mix . Smasher broke on first try -LRB- cracked - cheap plastic -RRB- . Alternate rules -LRB- get this -RRB-
 Its arms are not very poseable . The outfit prevents legs from moving . One star less.Feet are bent sideways so it ca n't stand up on a flat surface on its own . So it needs the stand to stay up . 2 stars less , one for each bent foot.So in the end it is more like a statue . For hardcore collectors it may be just fine , in terms of nostalgia . But it is not a great action figure , more like a small statue . Face detail is good .
 I bought these to store our Bob the Builder take along toys . Unfortunately , they 're still sitting in the closet as both myself and my kids found them frustrating ! The toys do n't fit in them securely , and fall out as they 're trying to close or open the case . It was easier to store them in a plastic shoebox !
 this is a core set with 6 booster packs of cards , not 36 packs of cards . Kit contains 6 booster packs , land cards , boxes , a die , and a rule book . It is not 36 packs of 15 cards as described .
 I ORDERED THIS FOR A PERSON IN PRISON . HE IS HAPPY WITH IT . HE IS OVER 13YRS .
 This item is a waste of time . It is extremely hard to fix and it is to big to fit in a 3 garage room . Do n't waste your money on this product !
 we ordered this for my 10 year old . the backboard is very thin plexiglass , but the worst part is that the base leaks , so every couple of days , the water leaks out and the thing comes crashing down . it has n't hurt anyone yet and we placed sand bags on the base , but it is so flimsy that the sandbags collapse the base and it still seems unstable .
 We purchased this for our daughters as a surprise when we moved to our new home in a cul de sac . It 's all they talked about when they saw the street ! Unfortunately , we did n't open the package until we moved which was a couple of months later . Although the box looked undamaged , inside was another story . The base had a crack about a foot long and the baseboard was cracked and to top things off the main poles were missing ! Needless to say it went to the dump out $ 250 and dissapointed that the surprise for our daughters was ruined !
 Purchase the Spalding Backboard for my grandchildren . It came in a box that was in bad shape . Parts were missing and it wook over 2 months to get all the parts . They should ship product in better box . Poor quality control .
 How many parts would you think there could be for this kit ? Obviously the base , rim , backboard and pole will be separate . Break the pole into sections , throw in some bolts and we 'll have 20 or 30 pieces ? Actually , for this kit the number is over 100 ! And it 's more than just the sheer number of parts ; there clearly has been no effort made to control the complexity of this inventory , with many of the pieces similar yet slightly different , e.g. , there are lots of slightly different sized washers and spacers . Do n't think that because you 've assembled Ikea kits with lots of identical screws that you are then prepared for this endeavor -- this is absolutely a whole different ball game.The comparison with Ikea is also instructive when looking at the directions . Ikea typically asks you to do just one thing for each image , with a level of detail that makes it very obvious from the moment you see the sheet what you need to do . Well , if Spalding had applied a similar approach to this kit , the instructions would be > 100 pages long . So instead we get in some cases exploded schematics that require you to stop and study , particularly since there are multiple instances where the image shows different parts than what actually ships with the kit you just bought . This would be no big deal if you were n't sifting through a mountain of parts trying to identify the part in your hand , making what ought to be trivial inaccuracies into something more aggravating.Spalding has pushed every bit of work out of the factory to you . And I mean it when I use the word ` every '
 We purchased this for our son two Christmas 's ago or 20 months . The backboard is thin , but worked fine for our 11 year old . He also had no trouble adjusting the height which was great . Moving it around was fairly easy when needed but it pretty much sat in the same place in the backyard . I remember it taking a couple hours to put together . We have enjoyed this basketball hoop ... but ... The base of the basketball hoop started to crack about 5 months ago ... not a problem then but when the ball would hit the base in the right spot , the base would crack a little more . Now it is cracked all around and does n't hold water . We called the company and asked if we could purchase a new one last month . They sold us a new one for a little less than $ 50 but it is backlogged till November . We must not be the only ones with this problem . Our friends have the same hoop and they are getting cracks in it now , but not as bad as ours yet.I love reading reviews and appreciate feedback when making a decision on a purchase . This was a good product for the price and we have got much enjoyment out of it . Maybe we just got a bad base and they had a bad mix of plastics . It should have lasted longer than it did and wanted to share that with others .
 I purchased this item for my girlfriend at the time , because a -RRB- she loves The Muppets and b -RRB- she was amazingly unable to make a decision about most things . Unfortunately , the gift only met criteria a -RRB- in the end . That is , it is certainly distinctly Muppets , with Kermit 's trademark green . But the liquid inside is some sort of insane dark blue that makes it nearly impossible to actually read what the Magic 8-Ball is telling you ; with a fair number of bubbles and the difficulty of getting a flat side to face up to the window , it certainly is n't going to simplify any decisions , because you 'll almost never be able to actually read the thing .
 I read some reviews of this Crayola paint that said the smell was n't bad , but I beg to differ . It smells really bad . I thought the smell would go away or dissipate after opening it a few times to use the paint , but still there , yuck . Luckily my kids easel is right by the window so we crack it open to have fresh air . I am pretty sensitive to smells , but my kid also hates it . Previously we had been using Blicks premium tempera paint , which has great consistency , gave full rich matte colors and little odor . But they were n't very washable , especially out of clothes . So the Crayola paints do seem more easily washable , but that must be why the paint is thin and kind of glossy . So I 'm a little disappointed I bought a whole bunch of these , but I 'm sure my kid will have fun making paintings with them regardless .
 Do not buy nitro bottles that look like this one . The caps are very cheaply made . The nitro fuel it self will almost always cause the cap to crack at the point that the metal hose meets the cap at the top.Just find another bottle , do n't get waste your money on this one .
 After reading all reviews , I decided this goal was the best deal for money eventhough did not like how it looked . We got the rim all rust proofed and everythingput together and it would not hold water . There was a tiny hole in the bottom andso was n't heavy enough . Had to return -- what a pain in the ass !
 The structure is not well supported . It continually falls in to the pool . Designated areas for water fill leak . . Not recommended .
 I bought this basketball hoop about six weeks ago based on the multitude of favorable Amazon reviews . Over the past six weeks the hoop has gotten a lot of use by a lot of kids , but it is already falling apart . The net on the hoop has all but disintegrated from the kids going up for shots and catching their fingers in it . At this point , there is only about 3 '' of net hanging from the rim . I 'll now have to see if a replacement can be purchased from Swimline.The worst problem , however , is that the sidewalls of the goal , which double as water tanks for weight , do not have any type of reinforcement on the bottoms , which act as the feet for the unit . Because of this , every minor movement of the goal on the non-skid surface of the concrete pool deck has caused the thin plastic feet to wear , such that after only a few weeks they have worn through and no longer hold water . Without water for weight , the goal tips every time it is touched and has become a hazard for the kids to use.I would not recommend this product unless or until the manufacturer does something to reinforce the bottoms of the sidewalls.Oh , and one last irritation with this product is that the sealed Swimline box , as received from Amazon , was missing the mounting hardware for the basketball hoop , which cost me another $ 6 at the local hardware store .
 StellarScope is a fiendishly clever device . It is well-made , and is unique in its ability to render the sky picture at different latitudes , including the southern hemisphere . Included with the StellarScope is a small flashlight which is needed to illuminate the star reticle when the device is used outdoors at night . I think a conventional planisphere is a better choice for most users because the sky picture is larger and is better suited to use by a student and their teacher.StellarScopes and planispheres are not really toys in that they have no play value . However , they definitely are useful aids to learning to recognize important features of the night sky as it changes throughout the year , and are suitable for beginning observers at any age . Some clever teachers have their students make their own simple planispheres with custom features emphasizing different aspects of the night sky .
 Its nothing like a telescope ... You cant see the stars thru the pee hole . . Bought it as a gift think it was a bino to see the stars but its not . .
 Unfortunately , I did not receive the item I ordered but a replacement . When I called , I was told I would receive a call regarding why I did not receive what I ordered . Never received the call and it was too close to Christmas to really pursue any further . Was disappointed but the replacement made my grandson happy and that 's what counts . However , am very reluctant to buy again unless I can be assured that `` what I order is what I get '' .
 My son is eight and he uses a youth size ball and this hoop already has had the backboard replaced once due to it being so thin and cracking and guess what ... the second onecracked now too ! Just from him shooting within 20 ft ! I cant stress how much of a cheap basketball goal this is ! In three months this this thing is ready for curbside pickup ... dont waste your money !
 I thought this would be a stronger hoop than the fisher price ones , but I was wrong . The backboard is made of really thin cheap plastic that cracks very easily . The pump to blow up the basketball is also cheaply made and broke after a couple of uses . The small basketball that came with this set also needed air every day . I purchased this for my 3 year old and it only lasted one month .
 My 4 year old son got this as a Christmas present from his Aunt . Three months later during a mild storm the backboard completely broke off . The company would not replace the backboard because it was due to an `` act of nature '' ... Not many other ways for an outside basketball hoop to be harmed , is there ? My son is heartbroken ! Do n't waste your time or money on this product !
 This was easily put together . But , it 's not as sturdy as it looks . The pole came out of the base after having it only a few months . I would have expected something a little less disapointing for our young boys to shoot hoops in the driveway . I expected it to be a bit taller too . -LRB- But I 'm a girl , so I was n't as accurate as a typical guy might have been with the measurements . -RRB-
 Fell over during first wind , and backboard cracked off pole . My 4 y/o son is still happy to use it without a backboard , but makes his success much less , without using a backboard . I have been searching EVERYWHERE for a replacement board , but almost all of them are just as expensive as the original system : -LRB-
 This product was opened by us on Christmas Eve after our children fell asleep . It was supposed to be set up on display Christmas morning . When noticed the box had clearly been re-taped & patched . Inside , the backboard was shattered in pieces . What a mess ! We were so disappointed . We 'll be mailing it back today , but what a huge hassle . = -LRB-
 Its arms are not very poseable . The outfit prevents legs from moving . One star less.Feet are bent sideways so it ca n't stand up on a flat surface on its own . So it needs the stand to stay up . 2 stars less , one for each bent foot.So in the end it is more like a statue . For hardcore collectors it may be just fine , in terms of nostalgia . But it is not a great action figure , more like a small statue . Face detail is good .
 This is not a full scale replica . I found out after I received it . It 's a 0,33 scale.It was a quite reasonable price , so it 's not the end of the world.If I knew this was a .33 scaled model , I would not buy it.I am satisfied with the shipping , and I received it almost 2 weeks before estimated .
 At first , a cute concept ... but very flimsy . The velcro does n't hold on the corn & cabbage . The pea pod is way too hard to open ... for a little one . I did n't like the cheapness of the plastic . Overall ... would n't recommend this to anyone . Save the money and purchase a M&D set .
 We have the wooden Melissa and Doug set . They are much better than these and cheaper . For example , look at the carrot . You can only cut it one time . In our wooden set the carrot is four or five pieces . Also , several of the peels and `` throw away '' parts of the vegetables are held on by tiny pieces of flimsy velcro . The husk of the corn and the leafy part of the cauliflower barely stay on after a few months of play . We originally thought that some of the peels and things might make this a neat set , but now it seems like those are the things that we do n't like . This feels like a cheap plastic set.We own this set and the betterMelissa and Doug 31 Piece Cutting Food Box . If I were you I would go with the more durable and more fun to cut wood set .
 I wish I researched more . I assumed this is a wooden toy . The plastic is not at all flexible and has a cheap feel . The velcro is weak .
 While the sculpting and animation of the figures and horses are of the typical high quality you would expect from Games Workshop there is one issue that boggles the mind with all their prior miniatures experience
 I was looking for a reasonably sturdy tea set that could be used with acutal tea . Unfortunately , the lid to the tea pot does n't fit which makes pouring tea rather difficult and messy . Not ideal for a little girl who desperately wants to feel bigger .
 The tea set is cute and I like the colors because they are gender neutral . My son loves to cook and he knows I like tea . Since he likes to pretend to make tea for me so I thought this would be a great gift . However , when it arrived I realized it is TINY . It seems like a tea set for toy dolls . I 'm still trying to decide if I should return it to get another larger one . I am really disappointed !
 I bought this for my daughter who loves to play tea party . Every single piece broke or chipped within 2 months . I expected it to be small but these are REALLY SMALL ! the cups are about an inch in diameter . Do not use for younger children as these break so easily that even when they clink cups together or place the cups on the plates a little to quickly sharp chunks fall off and kids could get cuts or worse .
 it was a cheap deck of cards , i expected real simpsons merch to be quality but it was so cheap
 Not very strong all u can do with them is throw them into the air and they make alittle noise very weak magnets
 I am sorry to report that the bad reviews were accurate
 The paint does not stick at all . Waste of money and time and very disappointing for a 5 and 7 year old and their mom who should have donated this money to WWF . We did however use the opportunity as a consumer reporting teaching lesson writing this review .
 Do n't waste your $ if you 're interested in the painting part of these bugs . We were so excited for this - my 4yo son was bouncing around dying to paint his bugs - until we started and the paint would n't stick ! We tried the paint included , tried washing and drying the bugs , sanding them with very fine sandpaper and finally just globbing the paint on . It was very frustrating to a 4 year old and his mom.I was very excited to buy a few of these sets for summer activities and now I will not .
 We just got back from a 14-hr car ride . I had high hopes for this toy but it did n't go over as well as I 'd hoped . The magnets are too easy to lose - there are 2 in the car still that I ca n't find . I also found that my 4-yr old was n't interested so I disagree with the age range . I 've found that lots of toys recommended for 4 yr olds are not things she can play with on her own because she ca n't read yet . My husband and I had more fun with it than she did !
 I got this for a trip with my 6 yr old nephew in summer '08 and unfortunatley there were no reviews of it yet , but my experience was the same as the other two who 've since reviewed it . The magnets did n't stick well and there was n't room to have them all on the board at once , so you were constantly losing them . Even when we were n't using the game , they did n't stay on the board and in place when it was packed up , so the magnets were all over the place . Also , they were n't all accurate to what the state 's most common plates look like , so he had a hard time matching them to reality if he could n't read the state 's name on the real life plate as the car was going by . Nice idea , but it just did n't pan out .
 I realize this is only a toy but the workmanship is poor . The map came folded and the magnets that do fit together will not adhere to the fold . Many of the magnets tore when being taken off the card , and this was done by an adult not a child . I expected the map itself to be metal or hard cardboard at least so it could be hung on a wall .
 The magnets are n't very sturdy . Some of the states do n't even fit together correctly and the magnets slip out of the book -- it would be nice if it had a latch or bag or something to keep them in . I would only buy this if it was less than 5 dollars .
 I mean come on ! The clothes were out of style years ago and yah parents are going to want to buy their kids a doll thats called & quot ; Bratz & quot ; ! Their line of clothing stinks ! Oh yah people really want to walk around wearing shirts and pants that have girls on them with no noses ! I give them a 2 .
 I was dissapointed when i bought this doll , it is twice the price of the other bratz dolls and thiese outfits make the doll look like she is going to a funeral . her shoes are just plain awful and her style is way out of line and she doesnt even come with anything good , she comes with plastic mini makeup that was lost in the toybox the first week . when my 8 year old recieved this toy from santa , i was udderly dissapointed , all of the other bratz dolls were great i wish this one was as good as the others so unless your rolling in money , dont get this doll
 I think that this Bratz doll out of all of the other skiny weird bodied dolls is very unpleasing . I thought about buying this doll and this is why I did n't
 Why on earth do toy manufacturers think it 's appropriate to make a doll who looks like she has had collagen injected into her lips ? From the heavy make-up down to the clothing that looks like it belongs on a lady of the evening , these dolls are a detriment to the self-image of girls .
 i do n't care , barbie isstill 1000 times betterthan bratz , she 's beenaround longer , and she ` smuch prettier ! barbie willnow and forever be betterthan bratz . so there .
 I bought this game based on the rave reviews and played it at a recent family -LRB- all adults -RRB- party . Usually we like games and our favorites are Taboo , Balderdash , Scattergories , etc. so I expected to like this one too . We were sorely disappointed.For one thing , we ended the game after two rounds . Perhaps we 're just an overly creative family -LRB- I think not -RRB- but everybody was able to get a lot of unique answers and earn points so quickly that after two rounds , 3 out of 6 people had `` won . `` The rules are ambiguous which can lead to fighting . For example , it does n't say if you have to use the whole inkblot in your answer or if you can make an answer with part of the inkblot.Also , there are tons of obvious answers that fit for every single picture -- such as
 i think that the game was hyped up to be a lot better than it really is . it is hard and annoying
 I think this is a knock off of the Rorshock!A game of personality that has been on the market for the last couple of years . For a truly revealing experience , I suggest you try that first .
 After 10 hours of usage , it explode in the face of your kids .
 Received this set as a birthday gift . Love the shapes , sizes and colors . Multiple ways to stack , sort , etc. . Unfortunately the painted blocks were already chipping after just one use . And chipping badly . I found little bits of yellow and red paint here and there in the carpet ... which makes me wonder , more importantly , how many were ingested by my child . I would recommend perhaps the plain unpainted blocks , tho not as cute . Too bad , really .
 My daughter , age 4 loved this oven , but I 'm disappointed that it only came with enough mixes to make one Twinkie and one Cupcake . If anyone knows how to buy more mixes , let me know . The Hostess company said -LRB- I called them -RRB- that they were no longer selling them !! It seems ridiculous that this oven is still on the market but no refills are to be found . What a waste of my family 's money to buy this oven if there are n't any refills so she can do this again .
 I could understand this being a fun idea ... but I think the recipes need to be better . Obviously you 're not going to get a top of the line twinkie or cupcake out of the mixtures provided , but if they could even taste a LITTLE like they should , that would make this even better . And even though I know it 's a kids toy , I 'm 21 , and enjoyed recieving this for Christmas . I was however disappointed with the results . Doughy and gross , and hard to clean ! Also , finding the refills for it is SO hard . If you want the real thing , buy it , do n't buy this .
 I bought this stroller for my youngest daughter who is 2 years old . She loves to play babies with her two older sisters so I thought that the `` Little Mommy '' items would be great for her . She loves having her own baby items -LRB- we also have the swing -RRB- but I have been very disappointed with the quality of the toy . The wheels often fall off while she is trying to push the stroller and any of the poles used for support also fall off often . I wish they would come up with something that snaps together and stays there . The swing is also very flimsy and the poles that hold the top on just slide right out causing the swing to fall apart when she tries to get her doll out . I am usually very satisfied with Fisher-Price toys but not in this case . I am planning on getting one of the Graco strollers for her for Christmas . They are much more durable , larger , and they look just like the ones real mom 's use !!
 While the style and colors of this stroller are really cute for a little girl , it is a real piece of junk !! Not sturdy at all , very flimsy and too lightweight . Bought this for my 18-month old and I should have listened to the other reviews . The dolls DO NOT stay in the seat and the seat belt is too difficult for young children to manipulate that they get frustrated with it , as do I . Why Fisher Price did n't make a more hammock-type cloth seat on this is beyond be . Also , no basket on the bottom either . Put your money to something a little nicer .
 I was extremely disappointed with this stroller . My 19 month old daughter has the Little Mommy doll , and loves to use her older sister 's doll stroller , so I thought I 'd get her one of her own . It is cute , and goes together easily . However , it 's not designed well . The Little Mommy doll is almost too big for the stroller . The velcro strap is difficult for a 4year old to fasten . The wheels do not roll well , and the stroller base is too close to the ground - there 's not enough clearance room . It 's difficult to push on any kind of surface that has any height -LRB- plush carpet , grass -RRB- . We 've also had a problem with one of the wheels popping off . My older daughter 's stroller was a different brand , was cheaper , rolls much easier on all different surfaces , and has held up well .
 It seemed like a good stroller in the store , we have had a few cheap fabric umbrella doll strollers that ripped -LRB- my kids ' are hard on stuff !! -RRB- so I figured with an all plastic seat we would be good here . Not so , the wheels constantly fall off , we have lost one of them so now the stroller is no good . The seat belt comes out and is a frustration to me to keep putting it back in.And it does n't fit any other dolls well , if you have a lot of small dolls it 's ok but only one of my daughter 's dolls fits in here . It 's fine for a short child as a first stroller , maybe in the 1-2 year old range as long as they have help putting the doll in it . Otherwise save a few bucks and just get one of those $ 7.99 umbrella strollers Toys R us sells !
 My daughter got this when she turned 2 and she loved it ... however , it only lasted about a week before it started to fall apart and I think I threw it out after a month because it was in unrepairable pieces .
 dd received this as a gift at around 1 yr of age . She was just learning to walk at the time and we found that the stroller was very light and not sturdy enough for her to assist in her new walking ventures . We put away and pulled out a couple of months later when she started having an interest in her stuffed animals and now loves running around with it.PROS : - Very light weight - Great height for young kids - Easy to use Canopy - Fairly easy to assemble - Once strapped in , holds dolls in securly - We did n't have the same `` wheel '' problem that others did , however dd is pretty gentle with her toys - Holds many sizes of dolls , stuffed animals , etcCONS : - Very `` girly '' - Only fits smaller dolls because the straps are too short to fit around larger dolls -LRB- even the the seat is wide enough and tall enough to hold up to an 18 ' doll -RRB- - Velcro is hard for little hands to secure because straps are shorter - Does n't `` fold-up '' making it difficult to take on trips to grandma & grandpas houseTHERE ARE BETTER ONES OUT THERE FOR THE PRICE -LRB- GRACO UMBRELLA DOLL STROLLER $ 9.99 -RRB- - ALTHOUGH MAKES A GREAT `` FIRST STROLLER ''
 Our 18 month old puts her doll in the stroller , but because the seat does n't recline at all , the doll quickly slides out . There is a velcro strap to hold a doll in , but she ca n't always manipulate that very well . A cheapo umbrella stroller works much better and holds several dolls at a time .
 As soon as I took this out of the box and put it together I could see how cheaply made it was . My daugter just turned 2 and it is perfect size for her , but she wo n't be able to use it for long because it is so tiny , so if your child is older I would avoid this stoller . Also the velcro straps keep coming out and she is too little to work them properly . If the `` baby '' is n't strapped in , she just falls out and that frusterates her . Also , you can only put a very small baby or stuffed animal in here because the straps are so small . We are going to try the Graco one and take this back !
 We were so excited to get this for Christmas . However , our 2 year-old had the wheels fall off nearly before she got started . She loved the little mommy doll and the stroller until the wheels began breaking . We had to return the stroller to toys r us and get a different brand for her . I love FP stuff usually and this really made me sick . We got her a matching doll for the new stroller but she still wants the little mommy .
 My mother-in-law picked up this doll stroller at KMart . She was very disappointed with the quality when we unpacked it . This stroller is flimsy and poorly designed . The wheels are not attached securely but rather with a pin-style attachment that is popped in when you assemble the stroller . They wobble severely when the stroller is pushed about . The frame of the stroller seems weak , even for my thirty-pound two-year-old . I can see the frame deforming at the joints when she pushes it against carpeting.The retractable canopy is a nice feature.Of course it did n't occur to us when she bought this stroller , but the velcro strap is hard for a child to use . The strap is in two parts , with the velcro on each end . One must hold the doll in with one hand , while fastening the straps to one another with the other . I doubt any kid under the age of four has this dexterity.A better design would be to have the sticky velcro side on the end of a longer strap , with a soft velcro attachment firmly fixed to either the frame of the stroller , or to the seat fabric.However , if you are prepared for the lower quality of this model , and want a cheap , disposable doll stroller , this one fits the bill . It IS fun to use once the doll is in place .
 My kids -LRB- ages 3 and 1 -RRB- loved playing with this toy . They would get easily frustrated through as it is hard to push around -LRB- wheels do not turn very easily -RRB- . It is also pretty flimsy . It would probably be an okay toy for an older kid if they still like playing with that sort of thing . However , for my two little ones , they tried to sit in the stroller themselves and bent the plastic legs on the stroller . I am now looking for a sturdier toy stroller for them . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 We purchased this stroller , and my daughter finds it extremely frustrating that her doll keeps falling out . The fastening belt got lost early on , and the seat is not deep enough for the doll to sit . I would not recommend this product .
 I purchase this stroller for my daughter , and ended up returning it before she ever even saw it . The baby doll would NOT stay in the stroller . It kept sliding out . If you strapped her in , she would have stayed , but I thought that might be a little challenging for a two-year old . So , I saved myself and her the frustration and returned the stroller . I 'm still on the lookout for a better one .
 I purchased this stroller for my two year old who loves her baby dolls . We quickly found that it was a waste of money . It 's made very cheaply and the seat easily comes apart . It is also very unstable and may cause little ones to fall if they lean on it at all . The only good thing about it is it 's size . A lot of the other doll strollers are made for older/larger children . This one is a good size for a two year old .
 I bought this for my 2 year old daughter , plus the doll . When she opened it yesterday -LRB- Christmas -RRB- , she was so excited , then I handed her another present , she was very excited since she did n't have a doll , she had me open the doll 's box and she hugged it for 1 minute.When we took the stroller out of it 's box and put it together . My 2 year old daughter -LRB- her name is DJ -RRB- put the doll in it , I helped her with the vecro straps , she pushed it around the room , when I called her for another present to open -LRB- her last one -RRB- , she opened it , when she was done looking at it , she went back to her baby.She got back and it had fallen apart , DJ was worried that her baby was hurt , she picked it up and said `` Bad Stroller '' . We put it together again and still it fell apart , we tried the last time and we coulkd n't even get it together . DJ cried , she liked that stroller -LRB- a little bit -RRB- , how dare you people who make this cheap platic stroller , you all should be ashamed of yourself , one minute DJ is happy about the stroller , the next minute she cries because she says `` I need a stroller to take my baby around when we go stopping '' -LRB- she means shopping , not Stopping -RRB- . I wo n't be buying any of that crap you make , exept for baby doll cloths , but nothing else , I think DJ would rather have GRACO strollers anyway , they are n't made of cheap platic , they 're made of hard metal .
 I bought my daughter the `` Little Mommy '' doll and asked relatives to purchase the accessories as gifts at Christmas time . The doll is adorable , but the plastic accessories leave a lot to be desired . The stroller seat is made of stiff plastic , therefore the doll will not stay in the seat unless the velcro straps are fastened . The is a difficult feat for a 1.5-2 year old . To make matters worse , one strap broke about six months after she received it . So now it is pretty much worthless . I have found all of the `` Little Mommy '' products poorly made . She also received the Baby center -LRB- it is a diaper changing station/bath/bed / potty/high chair in one -RRB- . The little booster seat is too small for the doll , making it nearly impossible for my now 2 year old to get the doll in and out of the seat.My advice it to buy the doll and then purchase the Graco products to accompany it .
 My two year old daughter absolutely loves this toy , but the velcro does n't stay closed and the frame is always popping apart . I am very disappointed in the quality and have rethought buying any more of the `` little mommy '' pieces .
 I purchased this for my 22 month old granddaughter for Xmas along with several other Little Mommy products . Dolls are great ; however accessories are not good as I am used to from Fisher-Price . Two year olders tend to put their weight on what they are pushing . Because of this factor , my granddaughter fell over this toy falling forward several times . On the last time , she cut her forehead open . This was the end for us . Do not recomnmend for other parents.d
 I purchased this stroller for my daughter and was very diappointed . I bought it because she would enjoy it and it look very cute . The stroller broke in all but three minutes . I would never recommend it . The wheels fall off constantly and the straps are too difficult for a little one to work with . Also the supports underneath wont stay together . The stroller has brought nothing but frustration to my daughter and lots of tears . thankfully I threw it in the trash and got her a different one and now we have a quiet house with no crying over a cheap toy that wont even function .
 While I did use one of these for my first two children at the recommendation of my mother for getting the babies to `` sleep through the night '' at two weeks , they are not recommended these days because a newborn 's digestive tract is too immature even for cereal at that age . My third and youngest did not taste solid food until he was 4 mos old -LRB- the recommended age -RRB- and was breastfed exclusively till that point , but still managed to sleep through the night at only 1 month old.I would advise caution in using these as a `` sleep aid . '' They do work for that , but my second child was very colicky , and it could have been feeding her cereal in one of these , trying to get her to sleep through the night , that contributed to her colic , or at least it 's duration .
 I bought this for my 2-year-old granddaughter , thinking she would enjoy playing with it during a flight layover while travelling , and it 's very `` packable '' . The little animals are cute , and she enjoyed naming the animals and putting the `` babies '' and `` mommies '' together , and making the animal sounds . Only problem was , the pieces just did n't stick very well at all on the so-called magnetic board . We left a trail of pieces all over the gate at the airport . We 've had other magnetic board toys of similar type & size that held the pieces far better than this one but still allowed the pieces to be moved around . There are much better versions out there ...
 I bought this for my two girls to keep them busy on long car rides . They absolutely loved the game , and for that reason , I think the concept is fantastic.However , the round magnets used to mark the items you 've found/seen are of terribly poor quality and barely stick to the pages . We went over one bump and my youngest child lost close to half her magnets on the floor . We found only two of them -LRB- no idea where the other seven went -RRB- . We 're going to end up going to the craft store to buy strong round magnets to stick on the board instead . Unfortunately , that will probably cost me almost as much as replacing the entire game outright . Kind of crappy when my kids only got to use it once.If the magnets were stronger and the pieces would actually stay on the board , I would have given this game five stars .
 Hi my name is Morgan Bastarache . I love the bratz dolls!I have every singal one.I play with them when I am in a bad mood and they bring me up all the way.I think they are way better than any other doll . If you stoped making them I would be very upset . They should be toy of the year for now and forever !!!
 This game seems like it would be exciting , but it really is not.PRO 's
 Of all the toys my children have ever enjoyed , this one ranks at the very bottom . The box is marked as manufactured in 2007 but the pictures should have given it away to anyone that 's been around Commodore 64 's and Apple II computers since the 80 's . Game play is similar to a mid-school computer science project . The sound is based on low-tech frequency generation and , frankly , the `` songs '' are not even recognizable . The scoring is more or less dicepherable but badly designed . To top it off , singing is not part of the game ; kids can try to sing along the noise this toy makes but they 'll only hear themselves through the amplified head set and mike.Save yourself the grief . This one was created to garner cash during the Christmas period and dissapoint your child . It 's hard to believe major toy stores carry these and even worse that American Idol ever granted its license .
 From < a href = `` http://www.truceteachers.org/ '' > Teachers Resisting Unhealthy Children 's Entertainment < / a >
 After looking at these Imaginarium blocks up close , we passed on these and bought the -LRB- albeit more expensive -RRB- blocks from Uncle Goose . The type face is Courier , and the odd letter distribution makes constructing words hard . The colors were very nice , but these also had a lightweight feel to them . The Uncle Goose blocks , however , are made of hardwood , have a classic design , animal pictures and names , and chew proof paint ! We 've been very pleased , and notice that friends who 've bought these Imaginarium blocks always ask us about our Uncle Goose blocks .
 We got this last year for our children at Big Lots . They played with it maybe for about 20mins at the most . Things broke and got lost . I would strongly suggest not getting it .
 From < a href = `` http://www.truceteachers.org/ '' > Teachers Resisting Unhealthy Children 's Entertainment < / a >
 Shame on any parent who would buy this for their child !
 I bought this game for my children for Christmas , but it does not have any instructions . I can not find them on line anywhere . Can you help ?
 I purchased this product for my 2 month old daughter . It worked great at first . She really liked the lights and the music . However , after about a week it quit working ? I replaced the batteries twice and it does not work . Now , my daughter just looks in the mirror at herself . I am not sure if I would recommend this product .
 my son got it of christmas he was six mos and loved it the switich to make the music go for long periods at a time , now that he is 10 mos and still has fun i truned to switch to music that is shorted so it encourges him to set it off , he has a blast . one thing i 'm not so crazy about it is that when i lay him dowm to sleep if it 's not truned off the music started if hit by self or nathan .
 Well , this WOULD be a great toy if we could get one that worked . The first one we had would work ok for the first day or 2 and then would stop until we reinserted the batteries . At first i thought the batteries were dead , but we went through 3 or 4 sets . If we reinserted them the toy would work perfectly , but only for about 2 days . So i called fisher-price , who sent out a replacement and assured me it would be factory tested . Well , it does the same thing . It is too much bother to keep unscrewing the battery compartment to get it to work , so we just use it as a mirror . My son still likes to spin the toy at the bottom ; too bad the thing does n't work right . I wonder if anyone else has had this problem , or if i just happen to keep getting defective ones ?
 If you 're looking for someting to help develop your child 's musical ear , as this product 's manufacturer claims it will , this product is worse than nothing because the melodies are out of tune . If you 're looking for a crib mirror , this may not be a bad choice . My 5-month old has not been terribly interested in it as an interactive toy , and in any event , there are many others available in this price range .
 We 've been disappointed with this toy right from the start . The blinking lights were n't very bright -- hardly noticeable . The spinning bar was n't anything the baby was interested in . The tunes are soft and appealing to the adult ear , so it was n't all that bad for the parent . It just was n't anything that appealed to our baby . Even now that she is older , there are other musical toys that she finds more appealing . Somehow , we just skipped by this one without fanfare .
 My daughter banged her head several times by pulling this toy away from the crib and then letting go . I found a way to secure the bottom part of the toy to the crib by attaching a string ... sort of . Also , I think mine is defective because aproximately every four days it stops working and I have to take out the batteries , and then put them back in -LRB- not new ones -RRB- and then it works again . It has a nice selection of music , but that 's about it . I would reccommend a crib toy made by chicco that has piano and farm animals - my son loves it
 My 12 month girl will look in the mirror for a couple seconds and spin the dial for music and then moves on . She has no interest in this toy . I thought with the mirror she would love to look at herself .
 It only worked for a week before it broke . The same malfunction that we had with the ` Baby ' Leap-pad . When you insert a correct ` My first LeapPad ' cartridge , the unit beeps and says `` this is not a Leapfrog cartridge '' . The Leapfrog products are JUNK ... . do n't buy it . I made the mistake twice to buy Leapfrog products . Their products appeal more to the parents than to the kids and the quality is unacceptable .
 I bought this for my son 's 3rd birthday , as it 's rated for 3-5 years . It 's a great idea , but there were quirks from the beginning that bothered me and made it difficult for a 3-year-old to use it . Like when you press the `` on '' button , there 's about a two or three-second delay before it powers on and makes its first sound . So kids -LRB- including my 4-year-old daughter -RRB- think it did n't come on the first time . So they press it again , which shuts it off . My son did enjoy using it once he got the hang of turning it on . His favorite way to play was with the alphabet games minus any book . But within about a year , it started to think you had a book in at all times . My two younger children are now old enough to play with it , but it constantly prompts them to point to items that are on pages other than the one they 're on , even when pressing the green `` go '' cirle . I purchased this brand new three years ago , but it had a different look . Hopefully the newer version has worked these bugs out .
 My 3yo , who loves his vtech whiz kid , was bored with this in no time . The dialogue moves very slow and the story lines are very basic . The child must click `` go '' on each page in order to activate it , very redundant . Once on a page , and they click go , they must choose a game a t the bottom of the page , after what seems like 10seconds , it spits out `` find the red square '' , etc. . very boring . If your child knows his colors and shapes , they will not find this too challenging - aka boring . I think the whiz kid is a much better product . Hopefully he will like some of the other books for this , otherwise its going back .
 My daughter likes her My First Leappad , but after several months use , the pen has wires showing ! I called Leapfrog and after a series of frustrating phone calls , I find out that they do n't make the replacement pen for the My First Leappad anymore ! At first the customer service agent told me they have the pen and I paid for it . The package I recieved in the mail had an old leappad system that does n't work and 2 pens that do n't fit my leappad . When I called back , it was a 2 hour ordeal . Finally , I spoke with a supervisor who told me that despite the fact that it was their mistake , I had to pay to ship everything back to them , then they would refund my money ! Not only am I upset by this treatment , but I ca n't believe they do n't make the pens anymore . I have invested in a lot of books for this leappad and now it is useless . What a waste of money ! I can not in good conscience buy from LeapFrog again !
 My girls ages 3 & 5 are very gentle children . Even though my children are very good with their toys , the leappad system , still was n't durable enough . The cartridges from the very beginning would occassionally not work unless I wiggled it around . I thought maybe the first one we bought was faulty , so I bought a second one about 6 months later . It worked the exact same way . Misreading the cartridges or shutting off mid-way through play.It 's so disheartening to hear your 3 or 5 yr old become frustrated time and again because her favorite toy is tempermental and constantly stops working mid-play . We used our leappads for naptime and quiet time in the car . It was great for getting my daughters to play quietly until they fell asleep . After months of the system no longer working , my girls gave up . Now we are looking for a better quality learning laptop or system for them.It 's ridiculous with today 's technology , that this simple learning system failed in durability after only a few months when toys from my childhood like Texas Instruments Speak & Spell still works to this day !
 I bought this toy for my one-year-old when she was about 4 months old , lured by vague claims of `` classical music '' educating her or something . In the staring-at-bright-things phase , she was interested in looking at it for a very little while , but quickly moved on to other , more interactive toys . Frazzled moms , take note
 WO N'T TURN OFF !!!! What were you thinking Fisher-Price ? The old original Xylophone on wheels that requires a good beating to produce a note is much more interesting to my child . This is just obnoxious and a HUGE waste of money !
 only the intrument side actually behaves as envisioned.the xylophone side is not a xylophone but a music box where a bar press plays the next few notes of a melody . Nor does it allow playalong
 I bought this puzzle for my son . I got disappointed when I started to do the math to determine just how many possible combinations there are . -LRB- 4x9 -RRB- x -LRB- 4x8 -RRB- x -LRB- 4x7 -RRB- x -LRB- 4x6 -RRB- x -LRB- 4x5 -RRB- x -LRB- 4x4 -RRB- x -LRB- 4x3 -RRB- x -LRB- 4x2 -RRB- x -LRB- 4x1 -RRB- = 95,126,814,720 . Just to give you some perspective , if you were able to try one combination every second , it would take you over 3,000 years to finish ! So unless I 'm missing some strategic approaches that can help eliminate multitudes of combinations right off the bat , few people are going to have any luck solving this.I 'm a software developer , and I wrote a program to solve the puzzle by trying each square in the first position in all their possible orientations , as well as the remaining eight squares in the second position in every possible matching orientation , etc. . In the end , I only found these two solutions : -LRB- each square is shown as top / right / bottom / left -RRB- Solution # 1 : -LSB- row 1 -RSB- YELLOW FRONT / YELLOW FRONT / LIGHT_GREEN FRONT / GRAY BACKDARK_GREEN FRONT / DARK_GREEN BACK / LIGHT_GREEN BACK / YELLOW BACKGRAY BACK / LIGHT_GREEN BACK / GRAY FRONT / DARK_GREEN FRONT -LSB- row 2 -RSB- LIGHT_GREEN BACK / DARK_GREEN FRONT / GRAY BACK / YELLOW FRONTLIGHT_GREEN FRONT / YELLOW FRONT / GRAY FRONT / DARK_GREEN BACKGRAY BACK / DARK_GREEN FRONT / LIGHT_GREEN BACK / YELLOW BACK -LSB- row 3 -RSB- GRAY FRONT / DARK_GREEN BACK / YELLOW BACK / LIGHT_GREEN BACKGRAY BACK / YELLOW BACK / LIGHT_GREEN BACK / DARK_GREEN FRONTLIGHT_GREEN FRONT / DARK_GREEN FRONT / GRAY FRONT / YELLOW FRONTSolution # 2 : -LSB- row 1 -RSB- YELLOW FRONT / YELLOW FRONT / LIGHT_GREEN FRONT / GRAY BACKLIGHT_GREEN BACK / DARK_GREEN FRONT / GRAY BACK / YELLOW BACKYELLOW BACK / LIGHT_GREEN BACK / GRAY FRONT / DARK_GREEN BACK -LSB- row 2 -RSB- LIGHT_GREEN BACK / YELLOW BACK / GRAY BACK / DARK_GREEN FRONTGRAY FRONT / DARK_GREEN BACK / LIGHT_GREEN FRONT / YELLOW FRONTGRAY BACK / YELLOW FRONT / LIGHT_GREEN BACK / DARK_GREEN FRONT -LSB- row 3 -RSB- GRAY FRONT / DARK_GREEN FRONT / GRAY BACK / LIGHT_GREEN BACKLIGHT_GREEN BACK / YELLOW BACK / DARK_GREEN FRONT / DARK_GREEN BACKLIGHT_GREEN FRONT / DARK_GREEN FRONT / GRAY FRONT / YELLOW FRONT
 Me and my brother each got one of these for Christmas and when we put it in the pool and played with it for ten minutes it broke both of them now we have to return them .
 This boat is junk . I recieved a new one for christmas and took it to my lake to give it a try . I turned the boat on and placed it in the water , then once I tried to control the boat it took off on it 's own in a straight pattern . I took out the batteries to the remote control and the boat kept going . I had to go fetch the remote control boat on a real boat . When I got it inside my house I noticed the boat pays no attention to the transmission from the remote control . So I had to take it back to Toys R Us because -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This boat stinks !!!!!! I used it for a haif hour and then the rudder broke.I could n't turn right.Don ' t buy this boat !!!
 Do not buy boat i played with it for like a day at my friends . came back in a week motor got jammed and messed up . GARBAGE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This item is poorly made . Very flimsy pressed cardboard boards and the face finish is a decal that peels off . Halex can do much better !
 Neither my 3 year old or my 6 year old enjoy this toy . I would have to say that this has been a waste of money and I would not recommend it to any of my friends to purchase . The most disappointing aspect I found was that the bottom has wheels on it that the manufacturer has not attempted to disguise so you can see that the puppy 's fur has been put on like a dress . It is also too clucky to cuddle which my kids like to do with their toy animals , whether they move or not . Thankfully I purchased this for only $ 20 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- , but even at that price , sadly I would still not recommend it .
 My 6.5 and 9 year old daughters each got one from their Aunt . By the end of the first day they were completely frustrated by the dumb pup . Was it because the dogs never `` learned '' their voices ? Or the multitude of steps to TRY to get the pup to do its tricks ? Was it the hard , uncuddly body on wheels ? We all tried again the next day . It does LOOK cute , but less than a month after Christmas , they could n't tell me where the No-Go Pups are . Probably hidden way back , under the bed . -LRB- PS Durability . It 's sure to last a long time if nobody plays with it ! -RRB-
 I had the pleasure of seeing my daughters face light up when she received her GO GO WALKING PUP on Christmas morning only to watch it turn to dissapontment because it would not work . Two weeks later the replacement arrived and again the joy soon turned to tears as this too sounded like a sick rap artist and would not move . She does n't understand why Santa keeps sending her broken toys !!!!! So while this may have been the hot toy of 2003 it is no doubt the most over rated as well . Save your money , frustration and most all all your childs dissapointment and buy another toy or a real dog.Tiger Electronics got us with the Furby and now this useless furball ...
 This is the garbage toy of the year . We 're going to try to return it . The only plus is that it does look very cute.The fur is all stuck together , so attempting to brush the dog with the little brush that comes with it is useless.The toy is hard and heavy , so it 's no fun to pick it up or put it on your lap to brush . It does n't really have legs , just pads on the side that look like that -- it has an almost flat , hard plastic bottom with 4 wheels to make it move.Nothing works . It does n't learn to come when you call it , unless you count rolling forward about four inches . I do n't know what child would learn the silly things you 're supposed to do to make it to things . For example , to activate grooming mode `` pet one of her sides , followed by her head , her back , her head , and her back once again . `` Do n't waste your money on this garbage . Perhaps the ones made by Hasbro are better , but we 're not going to fool with it . If possible , get a real pet instead ! : - -RRB-
 Our daughter asked for GoGo for quite a while . This Christmas we broke down & bought it . She loved it when she opened it . Once she found out exactly what it does -LSB- more like does n't do -RSB- she completely lost interest . It is a stuffed dog on wheels -LRB- legs do n't move -RRB- . The head moves , it pants/barks , & walks towards any loud noise . That 's it . They advertise it as `` trainable '' and `` reacts to your own voice '' which is an overstatement ! It sits unattended as it has since Christmas morning and I ca n't say that I blame my daughter . ZERO fun for $ $ ! It was honestly a waste of money !
 OK , it 's expensive , rolls about 4 inches when you call it , it whines barks and growls , but ca n't seem to turn to your voice.She just picks it up and carries it , then puts it on her lap . The fact that it has wheels does n't seem to make it less cuddly to her.They do still play with it occasionally , the toy is not loud , but the kids shouting at it constantly gets a little old.The way she plays with it , -LRB- and the way it actually works -RRB- a plush toy with a noisemaker would have been better , and about 1/2 the price .
 Now I know every one says they rock and these toys do ! the only problem I had with it is that it would jam up but if you keep your siblings away from it you 'll be fine !
 GO GO IS SO BORING FOR MY 8 YEAR OLD . SHE HAS MORE FUN WITH THE BOX IT CAME IN , WELL , I PAID TOO MUCH ! SORRY GO GO , YOUR A NO NO ...
 I am so glad I read these reviews ! I was thinking of getting this for my 7 yr old for Christmas , but now that I read all of your thoughts I 'd rather not waste the $ $ $ $ THANK YOU !
 this toy is fake you have to press buttons on its sides and back and everything you have to turn it on with a switch when you call by whatever you name it -LSB- i named mine sweetie -RSB- it doesnt come to you
 Okay , no offense to others who liked it , but it is STUUUUPID . I mean that as in it is brain dead . It 's a robot with scratchy wire over its gears . In my opinion , I-Cybie is much better
 this furball on wheels is so stupid . all it does is bark and `` roll '' on its wheels . its to much money . i mean come on , -LSB- $ $ -RSB- bucks for a heap of fur and a few wheels ? if i where to sell it -LRB- which i probably would -RRB- i would sell it for five bucks . please spend your -LSB- $ $ -RSB- dollars on something a little more decent .
 This one is really annoying-aside from the fact that it is loud-it does next to nothing that it claims-save your time , money and the stress of you child saying `` MOMMY THIS THING IS NOT WORKIN '' RIGHT !!! ''
 All my 4 year old daughter talked about before Christmas was Go-GO My Walking Pup . Santa brought it for her and by the next day she said it was boring and did n't do what it showed on the commercial . She told me I could get rid of it . My other daughter got Daisy the Dog . Now they fight over who 'll play with Daisy . Poor Go-Go just sits on a shelf by himself . I did n't want to get 2 of the same toy . But now I 'm sorry I did n't get 2 Daisies . She cost a little more but was worth it .
 I bought this puppy for my 3 year old daughter for Christmas . Everytime we went into the store , she cried she had to have this dog . It does nothing . It barks and wags his tail . It does not actually walk with you . She has no leash and you are suppose to call her ; but she does n't come . NOT WORTH THE MONEY . We are going to return it .
 My 4 year old wanted Daisy for christmas . That is all she wanted . I got it at target and I was so glad to find it . Very hard to find . I wish I would have tried it before Christmas . She went to play with it and it does n't do anything . I was so disappointed . She did ' t even notice . Now I am waiting for it to get back on stock so I can exchange it .
 This was on the top on my daughters Christmas list . I think she has played with this for less than 5 minutes total since she received this on Christmas Eve . It does n't come when you call it , just usually turns and goes in other direction . She almost started crying the first time she called it to come to her & it kept walking away from her . The constant barking is annoying . Go-Go spends most of her time turned off siting in a corner . It definitley is not worth the money ! I do like the movement in general . It moves easily on carpet & does n't fall/tip over the way other walking dogs do . Save your money !
 OK , now I loved it . Could n't put the damn thing down . Found it almost ... too fascinating ... which disturbs me somewhat . But anyway , I do n't know what this can do to I child 's long term development . It 's fun for a while , and kids seem to like this sort of thing , what with them being kids and all . But man , the thing is not something cuddly , it 's hard to get it to do what you want , and the fact it is probably going to be given to those poor tragic little people who have cruel , or poor , parents that do n't have a REAL dog is just sad . If there 's a real warm furry ball of fun to play fetch with , then what the heck is the point of this ?! And I shudder to think of what the little psychos will do to this ... we used to burn GIJoes , pretending they were evil commie-nazi-pigs like cartoons and cold war training propaganda taught us to do , but come on - it 's a whole other thing if you break a life-like little puppy ! And it 'll surely give some poor little guy guilt a guilt complex or two if it runs out of batteries . Get 'em a guinea pig .
 the toy stopped working the properly the day after the christmas . I had brought it for my 2 year old daughter , but when she called it , it would n't come , walk , bark or do anything . We would be sleeping in the middle of the night and the dog would start barking , and walking by itself -LRB- the batteries were brand new , so there is no excuse . Needless to say we immediately returned it the store .
 We bought two of these . One for our 2 year old and one for our 4 year old . They both loved them . We were very happy with them at first . These seemed to be just right for the ages of our daughters , not too complicated , and it did n't seem to matter to them if the dog actually came to them when they called it . One thing that I disliked was the hair on these was always a mess , and they do n't look too cute unless the hair is kept brushed . Eventually the hair became matted as well . But I have to say the worst thing about these is the fact that they both broke after only a few months . Now when we switch on both of them all they do is bark repeatedly like broken off tune records !
 Both my girls wanted this SO badly and they played with for maybe 30 minutes . It does not work as advertised and is not cuddly to play with . Waste of a lot of money .
 After reading a review about the pup only lasting 6 months , I felt the need to let others know that ours lasted only 6 months . Now when turned on it just barks over and over like a broken record . Also , the commands are a joke , if you want the puppy to sit for grooming , stroke his head twice , his side once and then his back once . All of the commands have such rituals , too much for young kids -LRB- and I certainly could n't remember them all -RRB- I think I will try Daisy this Christmas -LRB- as my daughter asked for a new one -RRB- . On a positive note , until the dog broke , my daughter loved it . Oblivious that the dog did not follow any commands she gave it .
 My daughter received this for her birthday early this December . She had it on her Xmas list and was thrilled when she opened the wrapping . However , she was bored and frustrated with the dog about half an hour after opening it , since it does not respond like shown on TV . It is supposed to come when you call it . But first , the room has to have no other sounds . Then the dog seems to have to `` think '' about it a minute , and then it will move about 4 inches and stop , she calls it again , it thinks , goes 4 inches in a slightly different direction , and stops again , and this goes on and on . It took forever for the dog to find her at 4 feet away . 2 days after received , this $ 40 toy is sitting and collecting dust . It is also very hard , not cuddly at all . I do NOT recommend this toy , it is falsely advertised if you ask me !
 This toy is pure garbage . It does not look or walk like a real puppy . Its ridiculous mechanical wheels get stuck and causes the thing to roll around in a circle . Notice I did not say walk around ... it rolls on wheels . This makes it look even more unrealistic . It is suppose to respond to sound . Well you have about a 50/50 chance of it going in the correct direction . My kid played with this one time and now it 's on the bottom of the toy box . I would have returned it , but in the excitement , the box was ripped up during the opening . We were all excited to see this little doggie . It 's a let down ... a true disappointment !!
 When i received the product here at my address i had to ship it to our son in kentucky for our GrandDaughter.He opened it up and found there was no screws to put it together and it had dings and marks all on the wood from not being wrapped good for shipping purposes.I am sorry but we are very disappointedDavid Gagnon
 After an extensive assembly , my 4 and 5 year old boys loved the track . It is quite clever in design . However , before the day was through , it broke . We were all very disappointed .
 My brothers got this dumb thing for Cristmas.Finally we set it up then after about 1 hour my youngest brother -LRB- 4 -RRB- tore it up.Now its in a box.In all this toy is a piece of crap !
 Im sorry . i do n't own this toy . but the word assult is a bit drastic . i mean hot wheels has had crappy sets with bizzar names but assult is just the tip of the iceburg ! whats next
 My 6 year old son was convinced by an older friend that he `` had to have it '' for Christmas . Well , we got it and man what a dissapointment . First , the track does not stay together . He mixed the race cars in with his other cars and now we can not find a car that will go through the loop -LRB- I did n't get a look at them first -RRB- . All in all , a simple race track is what we should have gotten him , and this set was all just cool packaging ... perhaps for an older child -LRB- 10 or 12 -RRB- who can maintain the track on their own , but not for little guys . It is just too frustrating , and now we have this attractive skeleton head in our living room gathering dust.Don ' t bother !
 My son spent his long-saved allowance on this toy and is sooooooooooo disappointed . After what seemed like hours assembling it -LRB- I 've never felt such frustration , frankly -RRB- , this piece of junk does n't work . The tracks were extremely hard to line up properly . The cars do n't go through the loop . The arm works the first time the car goes through it -LRB- usually -RRB- , but once we open the cyborg head and manually -LRB- ! -RRB- push the car through , it has nowhere to go successfully . It does n't make it through the loop or up the arm ramp as that has n't re-aligned itself -LRB- you have to do THAT manually , too -RRB- . Please save yourself the annoyance , frustration , time and money !! How cool this toy would have been had it worked , too . : -LRB-
 My son just had to have it . It 's took a long to time to put together but I thought it would be worth it when we finally finished . We tried the ramp and the car flew right out the top . Good thing no one was there to get beamed by the car . It continued to do that when if finally decided to break off the whole top ramp . So I called mattel to to ask them if I can get some assistance but they told me they ca n't and they will send me a refund voucher if I send them back the power booster . I was disappointed coz ' it would 've been so cool if it worked like it was suppose too . My son will be bummed out .
 My five year old son received this as a gift from a relative who shall remain nameless . On Christmas day we painstakedly assembled it . The thing is pretty large and spread out and takes up alot of space . -LRB- there was no way I would disassemble it for a while after the amount of time I spent putting it together ! -RRB- Anyway , the cars would get stuck at the Cyborgs head , that track option NEVER ever worked . The other track option of just the loop-to-loop worked fine . Three days later the looped-to-loop failed and has n't worked since . The cars never got enough momentum to loop . We tried changing the batteries to no avail . Now I have a very cool looking but nonfunctioning toy that was a huge dissappointment .
 This is a piece of junk . Just like Slimecano , this set is poorly constructed . The pieces did not fit properly and the swing arm rarely worked . Spend your $ $ elsewhere .
 My 6 year old son just purchased this with money he received for Christmas -LRB- he has been wanting it for months -RRB- ... so we were quite excited to go to our local Toys R Us to go get it!After 2 hours of assembly -LRB- I followed the instructions step-by-step so I 'm confident that I put it together correctly -RRB- we could not get the `` tall '' track to swing into the Cyborg 's mouth . It always fell about a 1/2 inch short . It was EXTREMELY dissappointing to my son to say the least , and EXTREMELY frustrating to me after spending 2 hours putting it together . I 'd spend your money on a different Hot Wheels track ... unless you want to have an unhappy little boy on Christmas morning . Thank goodness Santa did n't bring this one !
 I purchased this toy for my birthday and I hate it ! It is just a piece of garbage , and it 's N0T I repeat NOT worth 20 $ . The motor is too powerful , so the car will shoot out the ramp when it goes up ! It will take about half an hour to put together , in other words I would not recommend this toy at all .
 We purchased this for my 5 year old son and what a dissapointment ! We could not get this toy put together - and I even think some pieces are missing . -LRB- And this is coming from a family that spends hours doing lego projects -RRB- . It went back the next day .
 I say it CAN be fun , because I found one for THREE DOLLARS in a thrift store and it was complete -LRB- no cars , but HEY -RRB- - so ANY activity is a good one , eh?First the bad , then the good . First , this is one of the most poorly engineered toys I 've seen in memory . I wish they had sat me down with the prototype and in 5 minutes I could have told them a dozen little ways to make this better . The pieces do n't fit together quite right , almost as if they were taking existing molds and trying to fit them together for this thing . The track starts to drift apart in just a few passes . The swinging arm mechanism is a total failure . There 's little reason for the arm to be as long as it is as almost all of our Hot Wheels cars were unable to make it that high . I 've never seen the the hand to mouth action work by itself ONCE . Finally , on the negative , this thing DOES N'T MAKE SENSE . What is it supposed to BE ? I could see if your car fell into a hole and was eaten by bears or something , but this just does n't make sense ... So HOW could this be any good ? First off , it 's cool . I know that 's a bad reason but there it is . Second , yes , it requires constant tinkering . But that 's what gets them involved . Remember when you had to put your trains back on the tracks ? That 's what I 'm talking about . That does n't make this thing any better , however.All in all , however , I 'm VERY disappointed in this product . It had NO business making it to market with the GLARING defects that it has , and for most people , will be a waste of money ...
 This race track took almost an hour to put together . There 's a feature called the `` attack '' mode where you push a piece of the track down and the car is supposedly catapulted into a chamber and the arm of the track tips and is supposed to place the car in the cyborg 's mouth where it continues to run on the track . THIS FEATURE DOES N'T WORK . We tried at least 20 times but could not get it to work once . The car travels too fast and hits the shield over the track and is thrown off the track . We were hit by this flying car several times . It 's dangerous and hurts when you 're hit . The creators could not have possibly thought this design would work . It 's fundamentally flawed . DO N'T PURCHASE THIS ONE !! Your kids -LRB- and you who paid too much for it -RRB- will be very disappointed !
 This is the worst toy I 've ever had the misfortune of purchasing . Putting it together was n't too bad , but I have yet , after a good hour of monkeying with it , have to see a car go around the entire track once!Not only does it only come with 2 cars and require 3 to actually operate , but only a few cars will work with it at all.The track does n't stay assembled , the swinging arm action only works some of the time , and the cyborg head does n't open at all the way it should , requiring a good deal of intervention to work at all.A horrible , horrible toy , and I fully plan on exchanging this piece of garbage as soon as possible.What a waste .
 This toy is fun if you 're able to keep it working . We had to replace it 3 times before we finally just picked out another toy , a shame really because our son liked it but it became too fustrating . After a while the moter just gives out and ca n't push the car forward , also the long arm of the cyborg does n't always work but that was n't too big a deal . I 'm not sure why but Hot Hweels quality just seems to be getting worse , are they just getting lazy or do they just not care about making good toys for kids anymore ?
 My 6 year old LOVED this track for the 30 minutes he was able to play with it . It worked great going around the loops using the cars it came with . He loved how fast it was ! However , we piled about 5 cars into the Cyborg head and it STILL did n't come open like it should -LRB- after looking forever to find 3 more cars that would work -RRB- . Also , a particular piece of the plastic track kept coming apart and I kept having to snap it back into place . After doing this about 5 times the cheap plastic gave and broke off completely . My son was very disappointed . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 My dad bought the kit so I went home and built it and I thought it was cool because the legs moved and it had CHEWBACCA ! But the legs only shuffled but did not lift up over things . So it did nt really walk . It 's like a TIE fighter that looks good on the shelf , but does not play too well . It plays well with Ewoks and Snowspeedrs , but I would like this better if I had an AT-AT to go with it .
 My son got this for his first birthday . We forgot about it and had it in the closet and just took it out . He is now 2 and can easily shape sort , but he hates this toy . The shapes are so close to the size of the openings that they must fit exactly . He has very good motor skills and can do it , but looses interest fast . Also , I must say , the voice is horrible . It 's a womans voice , and honestly , I hate to be crude , but the voice sounds very provocative . I am not the only one who feels this way , as a matter of fact it 's a joke with my friends . When she talks she sounds very sexy ... too weird for us . We are getting rid of this toy . I 'm sorry but its true . Skip this toy , there are much better shape sorters out there . Do a search on amazon.com and you 'll find some great shape sorters . Good luck .
 I baught this for my 1 year old -LRB- now 18 months -RRB- and have had NOTHING but trouble ! She takes the lid off and dumps all the pieces out then puts her hand inside and out through the holes and gets her hand stuck and the tar scared out of her because she ca n't get it back out . MORE trouble than it 's worth , I have put it up where she ca n't get it . It is VERY durable however , it has withstood all the banging it has been put through on my coffee table !
 My toddler enjoys dumping the toys out , and at 2 is just getting to be able to put them back in through the slots . But this is a toy where you definetly need to take the batteries out when not in use or the music goes off just from walking by the room ! Sometimes it goes off with no one anywhere near it ! very annoying to have it wake up the baby or toddler in the middle of the night !
 I bought this toy for my 61/2 month old daughter and it 's one I actually regret ! While the shape sorter is a good tool and she loves to grab and chew on the shapes , it makes the most annoying sound and it NEVER stops ! The song was cute , but only about the first 20 times in 5 minutes ! The button to make it sing is on the bottom so anytime your baby , or you move it it goes off . There 's no way to turn it off and no volume . -LRB- it 's very loud -RRB- . We end up taking the batteries out . I do n't recommend this unless you just happen to love the noise makers .
 I was overall very disappointed with this toy . While the idea behind a shape sorter is great for educational purposes ... this toy just does n't make the grade ! First of all , the `` music '' is totally annoying and unrecognizable and it really does n't sound like a song as much as it sounds like notes played out of order . Secondly , this toy is too complicated for a 6 month old . While my 7 month old was interested in the shapes themselves , she does n't yet understand that they are supposed to be put in the right holes for the right shape . I think the 6 month age group is a little too early for this toy . Lastly , I only had a few of the shapes out in her play pen while she was playing with this toy and I was supervising her closely . She lost her balance -LRB- from a sitting position -RRB- and fell over onto one of the shape pieces . Her cheek hit the piece and it scratched her cheek and left a mark . I do n't think that babies this small are ready for this kind of hard plastic toy . I took it right away from her . My advice ... do n't waste your money .
 This has got to be the most obnoxious `` noisy '' toy my son has ! There 's no on/off switch and the slightest movement sends it off into it 's annoying little diddy that you will not be able to get out of your head . It will drive you crazy.However , the worse thing is that the lid to the box is a thin piece of hard plastic . My son fell on the lid -LRB- as toddlers will do -RRB- when it was open , and ended up with a giant nasty welt on his leg ! He cried more from that than any of his immunizations or his circumcision!As a shape/color sorter I suppose it 's OK , but I 'm sure that there are better , safer , and more quiet ones out there .
 We received this shape sorter as a gift when our child was 7 months old.First , the music is activated by a button on the botoom of the blue baes . It is very sensitive , and played whenever anyone walked past it . There is no on-off switch for the music , so if want to ensure it does not play , you need to remove the batteries.Our son , now 11 months , has never used this sorter to insert shapes into the pail . He knows how to do this with another basic sorter we have . Instead , he lifts the lid and just puts the shapes in or takes them out through the large opening on the snail 's back . Also , a few times he pressed the red lid on his opposite hand when opening and closing it . He winced in pain.He does like removing the snail 's head and chewing on it . Banging the shapes together is also fun.For an older child , the ability to build on the snail 's back seems like a good exercise . My recommendation for a youner child though is to get a more basic sorter with basic shapes .
 This toy has the most annoying habit of cutting itself on . Quite frequently it would turn on even in the middle of the night . We finally had to take the batteries out of it so we could sleep through the night . Not a toy I would recommend if you do not want to be woken at 3 a.m. but its `` cutsie '' song .
 I bought this for my 1 year old . The music is very loud , annoying and turns on at the slightest touch -LRB- the button is on the bottom of the snail -RRB- . There is no way to turn it off unless you remove the batteries . The blocks are not standard shapes -LRB- star , triangle , flower -RRB- . It opens up very easily to get the blocks back out , but my daughter gets so frustrated trying to put the blocks in that she just opens it up and places them in it . So it looses a lot of its educational value . My daughter has had very little interest in this toy . I do n't have anything good to say about this it and wish I would have saved the $ 10 .
 My sons never had much of a chance to play with this toy because I found it too loud , and the song very annoying . There is no volume control , and the song drove me nuts . This may be a great sorting toy but I would n't know . I always took the toy away because of the racket .
 I agree with a previous customer that this thing needs an `` off '' button . Anytime it 's touched , it goes off and my daughter is really not interested in it . I bought it for her when she was 6 months and she is now 9 months old and the only joy she gets out of it is putting the pieces in her mouth . It was not worth it to me .
 This is probably the toy I like the least out of all my daughter 's toys . It plays an anoying song - frequently and loudly and because of it 's tall slim design and heavy base it is hard for her to handle . The only thing that is good about this toy vs. other , better , shape sorters is that the blocks can be used with other toys in the line .
 Looks nice but a total piece of junk . I have played guitar for 20 years and wanted to give my 9-year old daughter a good guitar to learn on . She has had one for 2 years that we picked up at a flea market for 15 dollars and I wanted to give her a little better quality guitar now . Let 's just say , she is still playing the guitar from the flea market . This guitar can not be tuned or used for playing . Strings just buzz and the pins that hold the string in place just fly out of the back if you tighten them . Nothing worse than telling your 9-year old that you have to replace her gift because it sucks ! Thanks
 The nut was too low on the guitar causing nothing but BUZZ , BUZZ , BUZZ . This was a Christmas present for my eight-year-old daughter , and I was disappointed for her even though she tried to act like she liked it . The company who makes this thing should do better quality control . Anybody would have known this particular one was no good . In the twelve years I 've been ordering things from Amazon this is my first disappointment . I had good luck with a ukulele I ordered through Amazon but will probably not order instruments online again . By the way , I went to a local music store two days after Christmas and we picked out a great-sounding starter guitar that she loves !
 I agree with Big Daddy 's review . We bought it before then or else we would not have purchased it . In a nutshell , the guitar does not keep its tune . I thought with the other reviews that it was going to be a good quality starter guitar . We gave it to my daughter a year ago and she strummed around on it and had fun but we made sure she treated it with respect . It never sounded particularly good but I am not a musician so what do I know . Now that she is 8 she has a guitar class at school . The music teacher -LRB- who also plays the guitar and is in a band -RRB- commented that he could not tune it properly . It would not keep it in tune past a few strums . He was puzzled so upon his recommendation , I took it to the guitar center store and they said that the guitar has a metal rod in it that typically can be used to counteract the strings and keep the straight and level . In this guitar there is a metal rod , but you ca n't access it to tune it up . So he said it was busted . Now maybe it is just a few of these guitars that are not so great , but he said it was not worth buying another one . He recommended paying more for a better brand that can be tuned and fixed . Hope this helps you in purchasing a guitar . If you do n't need it to take lessons and just want to have a kid guitar to wander around the house , then I would recommend a cheaper brand . If you want to take lessons , this is not the guitar for you either .
 My 6 year old had been asking for her first guitar for a year , and it just HAD to be pink . You 'd think `` Pink Burst '' would be pink , but it was absolutely NOT . The guitar was practically red around the edges , fading to salmony orange through the center of the body . Yuck ! It was nothing at all like the online picture , nor any other online photos of `` pink burst '' guitars I could find . Luckily Sam Ash was happy to take it back and replace it in time for my daughter 's birthday , and we got a true `` bright pink '' guitar . So , I give Sam Ash 5 stars , but this `` pink burst '' colored guitar is a zero - pink is everything to a six year old girl !
 After reading other reviews I thought I 'd finally found something that my son could n't remove . Sadly , he pulled it off after two minutes . It 's a very hard toy , so he bonked his head in the process . Then he got it stuck in his lap and screamed.My other problem with this toy is that it is very tall and bulky .
 I hate to be ugly but I have to tell the truth . This toy was defective . DId not make the noise it was suppose to . My grandson was 13 mos . old . Maybe he was also too old for the toy . He was walking , but this did not make the sound it should have when he pushed it . The popcorn idea was not at all worth the postage must less the cost . Sorry .
 spin the bottle is not v. gd because there is not many saying on it + they ar n't v. gd anyway . it needs better saying + more . It is rubbish and it so needs 2 be taken off the market.So ultimately it 's rubbish
 This clay stains clothes and hands , leaves greasy stains on paper - can also be sticky and hard to remove from objects .
 This toy was a thrill for the girls for a few minutes , but very disappointing for me , the adult . Two out of three of the nail polishes were dried up , brushes splayed . The girls liked the toe ring , but fought because there was only one . The beads were stringable with difficulty , but my girls did n't have the patience and insisted I do it . The emery board was ignored .
 This toy is very chinsy and was not worth the money spent . I would have been better off making my own kit separately . Definitely a waste of money .
 I bought this toy for Christmas for my 3 year old daughter . After putting in ALL the batteries it neeeded , it never even worked . Its to big a hassle to return it since I got it on clearance . Next time I 'll listen to other reviews .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas . It never worked . We had new batteries but it still did n't work . We had to take it back to the store and I was never able to find another one there . ... I 'm afraid to try another one . ...
 When I purchased the item , description says it takes 5 AA batteries but ultimately I found it takes 6 AA batteries and a 9V battery . I am trying to return the item since cost of batteries are not worth eventhough item price is worth for keeping the doll in shelves .
 I bought this item as a gift for a 7 year old girl but after receiving it I decided against it . It is poorly made . The photo shown fooled me .
 what you actually get is n't what 's pictured . what i got is a plush godzilla that 's roughly the same size as described , but his mouth is wide open and his tongue is sticking out . his eyes are also not looking in the same direction , which makes him look kinda drunk . overall it 's `` ok '' but i would 've have wanted the one i see pictured here ...
 Got this Godzilla for my son 's birthday . I have to agree with some other reviewers that the Godzilla I got is not the same has pictured . Plus I had noticed right away just out of the box , several of the seams on this Godzilla were open and stuffing coming out . This plush toy was very poorly put together and in my opinion not safe for younger children . I was able to fix Godzilla but for the money I paid for him I should not have had to .
 For some reasons the toy that we got looks nothing like on the picture
 this is POOP ! I lost all my money when I bought it ! it looks weak ! when he battled with robosapien V2 he lost ! this is a awful robot ! I do not recomend it.if you want a cool robot , try Robosapien , Robosapien V2 or RS media .
 See my title dont waste your money on this!Maybe $ 20 this is alot of money for JUNK !
 The easy bake mixes cost you ... and the mixes you bake are about the size of two cookies . Besides , I do n't think they are very tasty . You are better off buying store mixes and baking them in your own oven . I am sure your daughters would enjoy that much more . Easy bake oven can become very costly if you keep buying their mixes . I got rid of our easy bake oven within a few short months .
 We bought our daughter the whole set last year for Christmas . Not only was the mixes expensive , they were small portions and tastless . You barely had enough mix the fill the tin and then you could only bake one cookie/cake at a time . Very time consuming . Needless to say , the whole set was sold in a yard sale .
 its ok sure its educational but on my moms b-day we were trying to make a cake it did n't work we fallowed the instructions and everything but it came out powder sure it might work for you but it did n't work for me but if you think you want to buy it go ahead give it a try it sure is educational .
 I have tried making cookies with this , but it takes a REALLY long time and the cookies do n't turn out that great . Still , I think it 's fun making your own cookies and other treats without using a real oven !
 Everything about this present is typical of over-marketed , under-thought - out products . Great idea about the light bulb having to be a type that most people do n't even use any more and then not including the 25 cent bulb in the kit and not warning parents on the box . That really made my daughter happy Christmas day when she could n't use the present she had been wishing for for weeks . Then of course - it 's Christmas , so no stores are open . Great forethought Hasbro . But I guess all you really care about is selling your product and its outrageously priced -LRB- 5 - 6 dollars for a couple pieces of cake or a few small cookies ?! -RRB- refill mixes . How many people do you think are going to buy them instead of just substituting jiffy mixes , which incidently , taste better anyway.Yeah , you could do the right thing and include more mixes in the kit , they would probably cost Hasbro about 25 cents each , or sell them at a reasonable price , but I guess that would n't represent the true meaning of Christmas now , would it?There is no on/off switch , or a real timer , everything you would think it has by looking at the box or seeing the commercial.I 'm gon na let my daughter use the enclosed mixes , make a few more for a couple weeks with the much cheaper Jiffy mixes , then return it .
 I bought this for my 12 year old son for Christmas . He has been getting interested in science and thought he would really enjoy doing some experiments . When he unwrapped the gift , he was excited and wanted to start doing stuff almost immediately.Unfortunately , we found that the vials for the base chemicals that were needed for all the experiments were empty ! What a disappointment !
 this is not a good toy It takes forever to set up and then is not much fun to play with .
 I got this game for my daughter for Christmas last year and it was a horrible waste of money . There are so many pieces to the board that it was almost impossible to put together . When we finally put it together it would n't stay together . We never got it to stay together long enough to play . After that we never bothered trying again and eventually threw it away . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!
 This product is not easy to use , not even for adults . The plastic mold has very shallow ` teeth ' along the edge where you 're supposed to hook the thread onto . You have to keep it very taught and it easily slips off until you 're done with the color ... then there 's no way to secure the loose ends of the threads and inevitable the knot is n't tight enough and it loosens the design . Also I did n't like that there 's only one mold to use ... when you 're done you have to destroy the creation and start over . Would have been better if several pieces of cardboard were provided so you can keep your creation .
 Very disappointed . What was called string - was really thread and not of a good quality at that . Could of had better directions also .
 Pros
 I like the idea of what this product could be . Unfortunately it is not . You would expect with buttons A , B , and C on the remote that you could buzz in and then answer with the remote . NO ! This toy works on only if you turn you head away from the screen and announce your answer . Both Tiger and Jepordy should be ashamed to put their name on this product as it 's obvious no actual `` playability '' testing was done.Do not waste your money .
 Product description says wire ties and name plate included . Neither were included . Very disappointed . Was to be presented with a scale car as a gift .
 The plastic case is thin and flimsy . Mine arrived with two corners cracked right where the clear plastic meets the base . Sent back the next day ... will look locally for a better product .
 Ok so I bought this and it is about 5 inches long and super small . dont waste your money on this crap show case
 MY STUDENTS WERE REALLY EXCITED ABOUT PLAYING THIS GAME . IT TAKES FOREVER TO SET UP AND THE PIECES ARE VERY SLIPPERY . YOU NEVER GET PAST A COUPLE OF STEPS . IT JUST IS N'T VERY MUCH FUN TO PLAY . DEFINITELY BUY THE ORIGINAL JENGA . THIS ONE NEEDS TO GO BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD .
 wayyyyy tooo hard to play , takes forever just to build it back up because of its shape and the extra oil coat that they put on the pieces
 Elenco Electronics Inc. is based in Wheeling , IL , however , this power supply is made in China . It is written on the box `` Made in China '' . Caution
 This product arrived right on time when i really needed it , only when I went to use it the current was unstable and unreliable to work with . I then exchanged it the next chance I had . The new packaged arrived , right on time again , but the same results came to amaze me ! Never again will I order this product , and as a first time user of Amazon , I was utterly disappointed .
 it is a bad toy . it wasn-t much fun !!!
 Each of my two sons received a tank from their Grandparents . Great toy until the tracks broke . After just a few weeks of use they broke into several pieces and can not be repaired . Kids do not play with them anymore because they do not move . Very disappointing .
 Bought as an Xmas gift , by June all the sections of the trackshave separated . Tank is just a thing that makes noise now.No idea how to repair the treads , wo n't move without them .
 As a huge magic AND a huge WoW fan , I looked all over for this game thinking it would be the best of both worlds ... unfortunately , it 's the worst of both.Beware the HUGE imbalance of hero cards/decks in this game . It 's obvious that the game was not properly put through its paces before it was run out the door . Upper Deck should be ashamed of the poor play-balancing . Outside of that complaint -LRB- which makes the game itself useless -RRB- , the art is so-so compared to other CCGs and the rule-book absolutely ABYSMAL.Do yourself a favor and purchase a properly put-together CCG -LRB- I do n't care which one you choose , just choose something other than Heroes of Azeroth -RRB- .
 Although this is a very cute toy as far as appearance , the durability is very poor . After being dropped -LRB- on carpet -RRB- a few times , the voice became warbly . After a few weeks it stopped working altogether . Not worth the money .
 I bought a few packs of these for my daughter and her friends , remembering how well blue mouth gum worked when I was a kid . It literally turned your teeth a pretty dark shade of blue within moments of chewing , and it was hard to get off . This product however , was SO lame , no one could even tell a joke gum had been used ! There was maybe a faint discoloring , but nothing anyone would notice , much less call a gag . I wasted my money on this - be forewarned ...
 Not a bad toy . Useful for babies on plane trips but that is about it . It would be better to have more than 4 in a set . 8 would be better .
 My son quickly got bored with this toy . It 's cute , but it is hard and you can not cuddle it . Recommended only for collectors of Brother Bear stuff .
 Sorry , but Volume 6 does NOT compare to the classic Genus and Genus II versions of this game . Rather , Volume 6 relies heavily on People Magazine-type trivia -- lots of inane pop culture-oriented questions , for which even die-hard trivia fans will be saying `` Who cares ? '' An example of this is a question about Christina Ricci appearing in a GAP commercial . This was in the HISTORY category ! Lame ! About 40 % of the questions seemed to fall into this category . Another 20-30 % were ridiculously easy , a further 20 % ridiculously obscure . The creators have also ditched the nuanced questioning style of the original game , by which one could often deduce the answer , even when it was something otherwise unknown.I think the problem here is that TP is issuing too many versions in too short a period of time . Genus 5 , which I DO like , came out fairly recently -LRB- I think -RRB- , and I think TP needs to take some more time to write better questions . Part of the fun of TP has been that you learn from the questions you miss . With Volume 6 , you just do n't care .
 What an awful disappointment . If you feel that a proper Science and Nature question is where Carrie Bradshow 's computer is stored is up your alley ... go for it . The questions are simplistic and out of a people magazine . The geography and history questions are n't globally orientated like the older versions . A poor excuse for a wonderful game .
 The toy looked durable but one of the rotors broke off right away . I would not suggest this as a toy but as a model .
 This looks like it 's intended more of a display piece , but it 's not really that attractive . The joins between pieces of the toy are very poor with large gaps . The rotor does not feel all that sturdy , so if it 's used as a toy , it probably will need to be fixed sooner rather than later . It 's also a little annoying that the doors hinge open , I 'm pretty sure these should be sliders . -LRB- Either do it right , or do n't make them operating in my opinon -RRB- I got it for a auxilary piece for wargaming , so it works for me , but this is n't a display piece unless you 're planning on it being tucked away on a shelf where it wo n't get much scrutiny .
 Had this camera for one hour ... took one picture and the thing stopped working . Their customer service is barely ever there & they do not answer inquiries or concerns in a timely manner.You 're better off saving your money ... it has a one year warranty but it 's really not worth the time and frustration of trying to figure out to use it & you have no support if you have a problem . Save your money and spend a little more for a better known name brand camera .
 THIS IS NOT EVEN A TOY CAMERA-ITS IS A FRAUD . ANY RETAILER WHO SELLS THIS PRODUCT OBVIOUSLY DID NOT TEST IT . IT DOES NOT WORK EVEN FOR A FEW PICTURES AND SHOULD BE PULLED FROM THE MARKET PLACE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND THE DROPOUTS WHO DESIGNED IT SHOULDBE PUSHING MOPS !!!
 I bought this camera for my daughter 's birthday and it was a total waste of money . Like the other reviewers , I wish I had read their opinions first . You ca n't even see images on the camera 's screen , and it erases your pictures when you turn the camera off .
 I agree with everybody else . I got a replacement camera after the first quit working after about 3 pictures were taken -LRB- that were indeed bad quality anyway -RRB- . Sakar did send replacement but did the same thing exactly as the first one . Bad thing is my son who is on deployment ordered it over the internet thru Toys ' R Us for his little sister on HIS credit card so we do n't know how or if we can get his money back for it . I will GLADLY send the camera back if my son can get his money back .
 Why is Toys R Us still selling this piece of junk . The camera does not work . It takes forever for the camera to take a picture . The picture comes out to dark if you are not using the flash , or it is white-washed if you are using the flash . It burns through a set of batteries after a few flash photographs . My child got frustrated with it . Avoid at all costs !
 I wish I would have read these reviews before I purchased this camera . When it did work it took terrible pictures . The color and clarity of the photos were horrible . It does eat up batteries , but that does n't make any difference now because the camera does n't work.I entered a review earlier and would like to add to it . Though the camera is horrible , and stopped working after two days , I did recieve a new camera through Sakar even though I did n't have a reciept . Now I 'm stuck witht the same bad camera . Anybody want to buy one ?
 Like all the other reviews , we have had the same problems . It seems as if the batteries are not working after only one picture . The flash did not provide any additional light at all . A waste of money and very disappointing to the child who received it .
 This is a wan na be camera . First the picture quality was horrid . Second , it is a battery hog . It actually did not drain the battery , but after 4-5 pictures w / flash it thought the batteries were dead . The battery tester said otherwise . Another thing is that when the batteries are removed it loses all of is settings -LRB- i.e. size , jpeg quality , indoor/outdoor , ... -RRB- except for the date . The flash is a joke , it does n't freeze the picture at all . You get a lot of motionblur
 you take one picture and it breaks down . it gets so boring and you never use when it is working .
 my babby really has n't paid much attention on this toy which i bought before she was born -LRB- she 's 13 mths now -RRB- . She touched it briefly occasionally and then move to other toys . Maybe it 's too `` simple '' , i am not sure . she likes the busy cube for example . she spends a lot of time with that . For my baby this toy really is not worth the money .
 The price is great , however I would recommend spending twice the money and buying one of the Lamaze soft toys . My baby only will play with these when I initiate play , whereas she will entertain herself with the Lamaze toys -LRB- e.g. Clutch cube , Pupsqueak , Allie cat , Buzz or Celeste -RRB- for a long time , Pupsqueak and Buzz being her favorite ones . There is just so much more to explore on the Lamaze toys that it does not get boring for baby.The infantino duo is though durable and washable .
 I just purchased this cube puzzle for my soon to be two year old daughter . I was so very excited to introduce my little one to one of my favorite types of puzzles as a little girl . I was even more eager because she seems to love puzzles as much as I did . As soon as we got home from the store we ran to open the package and play with it together . She abosolutely loved them ! I was very happy for all of two minutes when I realized the stickers were peeling on almost half of the puzzle cubes . I do n't understand how the Melissa & Doug Comapany let this product out to the public . It is terribly contructed . I am sending these back immediately and will be searching for a similar replacement of better quality . I was genuinely surprised at the disappointment from a company that usually provides high quality learning toys . I definitely suggest you pass on this toy ...
 I bought this puzzle for my 2 year old daughter and within a few days , the paper on the cubes started peeling off . My daughter loves puzzles but she has n't been interested in this one . I 'm very disappointed in the quality of this product .
 I had a puzzle cube like this when I was a child and loved it ! So I was anxious to get one for my 3 year old who loves puzzles . The idea is cute , but the pictures peel very easily . No point in having a cute puzzle if you ca n't see the pictures . Do n't buy it ! I 'd hold out for something of better quality or get another kind of puzzle .
 I was surprised to see a Melissa and Doug product to be made so cheap.The sticker peels very easy.Terrible desing and a waste of money .
 ONE STAR is too many for this one!Almost every other Melissa & Doug product we own , but this is terrible ! I am so disappointd in this , the quality is terrible , something maybe I would expect from Walmart for $ 3 , not Melissa & Doug.Save your money ! It is very frustrating to spend money on soemthing that does n't last at all . Not even a few months , we may be got a few weeks out of ours before it was ready for the trash!As the other review also states , the stickers come off as soon as you open it . I threw ours away , it was terrible . As suggested they need to change the stickers to paint or do somethng different.I wish I woudl have saved my money on this one!I love the idea , the puzzle is great , so great for learning little minds and so much fun , too bad the quality of this one happens to be so bad .
 At first I was excited to have a puzzle with more than one picture option . But , for a 3 year old , it 's way too hard . I end up doing most of the puzzle as my child watches . He is 4 now and still needs major assistance to do it unlike with normal puzzles . The blocks are very well made , but watch out they become very big heavy missiles in the hands of a toddler boy .
 one of the images did n't match so it will never make sense to my daughter . I 'm sure if it did match it would be a great toy .
 i was very disappointed . we bought this for our 1 year old to practice stacking . he immediately chewed through the cheap paper stickers that are the puzzle pictures . also , the edges of the cubes are VERY sharp and the blocks themselves are pretty hefty . when a stack of them falls , get out of the way or you 'll get hurt . overall i would not recommend this product
 I have always been so impressed with Melissa and Doug products and have a dozen or more ... so I was very disappointed with this product . The paper stickers on the cube sides which make up the pictures of the different puzzles have peeled off from the moment I opened the package . I would never buy this product again unless Melissa and Doug change it to have painted on pictures or another style of paper sticker . Save your money or spend it on one of their other quality products.I did give it one star , because despite the problems , my 2 year old twins still enjoy playing with the blocks .
 I bought this for a 2 year old . Woe is me that I did n't open the plastic cling-wrap on the toy and inspected it closely before gifting it . As soon as she saw it , she wanted to open it and what child would n't want to play with a bright new toy?Unfortunatly , 10 minutes into play time , I saw that the cheap vinyl covered cubes were already -LRB- !! -RRB- peeling . The cubes underneath are clearly MDF and the whole game board , with the singular exception of the wooden dovetailed pine tray seems to have been made with as little regard to quality as possible.We have now played with the cubes 3 times and the majority of the 16 cubes are peeling , some on more than one side . The corners seem to curl up readily and on one face of a cube about 1/5 of the vinyl covered face is folded under itself.Yes , this toy is an engaging toy . The images are bright and attractive . Sadly , it is not up to par with other toys of its kind and I would put money down that a month of playtime will have it looking as beat up as if it was through the ringer for a couple of years.Melissa and Doug should consider silkscreening the images directly onto their blocks -LRB- and then varnishing , of course !! -RRB- . They should be able to do so with only a slight increase in cost and still be able to price this toy in the $ 10-20 price point . As it i the toy is a waste if money and time and worse , if you give to a child who loves it , you 'll be doubly sorry when you have to discard the blocks when they are unsafe to use or simply in deplorable condition.Melissa and Doug , this toy is ruining your reputation !!
 I got this puzzle for my little girls birthday and she was so excited to open it . We soon found out that two of the blocks have incorrect stickers on their sides and therefore we can only complete 2 out of the 6 puzzles . Huge disappointment . This puzzle would be great and challenging for her age but unfortunately is impossible now that the stickers/pictures are all misplaced . I wo n't be purchasing any Melissa and Doug toys in the future without being able to look at it more fully .
 My 3 year old daughter received these for a birthday present and I am very disappointed in their quality . The paper has been peeling off all of the cubes making them now unable to be used and we 've only had them 1 month . We have other Melissa & Doug items that are very high quality that we love - these however are not even worth the $ 10 .
 My daughter loves putting together this puzzle as it challenges her and has helped not only her spacial reasoning , but also her cognitive skills . However , like the other parents , I believe that this puzzle was poorly constructed . The paper peels off from the cubes , which is very surprising for a Melissa and Doug puzzle . I wish I could find another puzzle just like this one , but I do n't want to waste my money on another puzzle that will fall apart like this one did !
 My 21/2 absolutely loves this puzzle and has no problem putting it together.However , the construction/quality of this product is horrible . The blocks are too heavy , so be careful if it falls onto a little ones foot . And because they are heavy , they hit together and the stickers are coming off the blocks . I 'm so disappointed in this product . It looks like we 've had it for years , when we 've only had it for a couple months.This is not one of Melissa & Doug 's better puzzles . Do n't waste your money .
 The puzzle is cute and challenging , so my almost 3 hear olds will play with it for awhile as well as using the pieces as building blocks . However , the wooden tray splintered apart after just a couple of days . I have since glued it and they only use it with supervision , but it is a shame that the quality of this product is not higher . It makes me question other Melissa and Doug products .
 This product was great ! That was until we tried to put together the pig . That was when we realized that we have some duplicate pictures on some of the blocks . That means no matter how hard my daughter tries she can never get the picture to look right . So buyer beware that you might only have a few animals that your child can put together correctly . We did compare the blocks to the picture just to confirm the block mistake . I had my wife double check the blocks just to make sure . I would have rated it 4 stars except the pictures do n't all match up . I do n't know how long the blocks would hold up because the pictures are just stickers . Thankfully we bought it through amazon and just returned it .
 I had a puzzle like this when I was young . SO much fun ! I had this in my hand . I wanted to buy it so badly . But as I looked through the shrink wrap I saw the pictures were peeling off the cubes . I thought , OK bad puzzle . But then I looked at ALL the puzzles they had at that store ... they were ALL peeling . Usually you ca n't beat Melissa and Doug quality but this time is not one of those times . There has to be a better way to put the pictures onto the cubes .
 This is a very neat idea but the quality is poor . The pictures or put on with stickers instead of painted on . They were already showing signs of pealing up before we even opened the wrapper . This puzzle would be really great if made better .
 Actually I bought it from a local store , but it 's exacty this one . What crappy quality!My toddler enjoys playing other puzzles ; but for this one , she focuses on peeling off the paper instead -LRB- because it 's so cheaply pasted on -RRB- .
 My two older kids , ages 4 and 5 , really enjoy playing with the two melissa and doug stamp sets we bought . The stamps are good quality , there are lots of them for the price , and there is a nice assortment of designs . More than two stamp pad colors would be nice but for this price I 'm ok with it . The stamps are pretty gender neutral but the ink colors are not so maybe a green or brown would be better choices . I know girls usually are the ones to use stamps but boys like craft projects too . The colored pencils are not so great and I 'm not sure why they are even included . The kids use their own colored pencils when they feel like coloring the stamps . The stamps come in a nice wooden box but there is no cover on the box which is a shame since it would be nice to be able to use the box and keep them organized rather than have put them in a shoe box.The kids would be playing with this set several times a week if the ink was washable but it 's not . It 's not at all . It 's as difficult to get out of clothing and hands as pen ink and requires scrubbing with a magic eraser to get it off the table . Washable markers wipe right off the same table with a damp rag . The kids do n't care for coloring the stamp with a marker and like the stamp pads but they seldom get to use them because there is no time to cover the table with grocery bags or spend 20 minutes scrubbing ink off . I 'm also very concerned they will drop a stamp on the carpet -LRB- all our tables have carpet under them -RRB- and I wo n't be able to get it out . It says something that the cleanup involved with school glue and markers is preferable to these . I had always thought of stamps as a ` clean ' art project .
 I had high hopes but I 'm disappointed . First , there is one ink pad divided into two colors rather than the two separate ink pads listed in the descriptions and shown in the picture . Second , the ink is so dry that I have to help my son -LRB- 2.5 yrs -RRB- get the ink onto the stamp . Then even I ca n't get the stamp to look good . If you press hard enough to get the whole image to show you also get some of the background . Also the lines are n't a solid color . Within a small section of a line there are dark and light spots . Finally , the stamps are so tightly crammed into the box that my son has trouble getting them out .
 These figures look pretty decent at first glance but when you take them out of the box you see how bad they really are . My superman broke in half -LRB- at the waist -RRB- when I took him out of the box ! Add that to the fact that there are only an average of six points of articulation on each -LRB- only three on Wonder Woman ! -RRB- and you see that these are n't very high quality figures . Amazo is transparent , which makes no sense whatsoever . He is n't an invisible character . I also do n't like that , while superman 's S and belt stick out from his uniform , Bizarro 's are merely painted on . Only buy this item if you love doomsday and its on sale . It 's not worth its list price by a long shot .
 I was totally disappointed with the quality
 While the Doomsday figure looks pretty cool , and it would be nice to have Bizarro , I really hate it that they 're dumping more Batman , Superman , and Wonder Woman figures on us . I already have plenty of those , thank you very much . Notice that the box says the Doomsday figure is exclusive to this package , so if I want it I have no choice but to spend extra money on figures I already have.And a transparent Amazo ? What kind of sense does that make ?
 These crayons are extremely hard to remove ... it 's as if you 're scrubbing a pot to remove the writing from the wipe off book ! I really regret purchasing this item ... complete waste of money ...
 I purchased this as a gift for my nephew for Christmas . The rim was broken when removed from the box . I contacted Amazon and the immediately replaced it . However instead of replacing the rim they have to send the entire game and likewise you have to return a whole unit . Not a problem right ? ... until less than a week later the new rim seperates due to poor welding !
 Paid way too much for this little toy . I would not recommend it . Customer service was of no help and gave me `` smart '' remarks instead of help .
 The sound this makes is not interesting , fun or pleasing at all - do n't waste your money
 The balloons were very disappointing as the latex is very thin and susceptible to tears and holes . We noticed one out of three were actually working . Many times we 'd twist up a poodle balloon and the snout or leg would just go limp . The bag came pre-opened and had an additional sandwich baggy with supplemental balloons . Overall I am disappointed with this company and product .
 Balloons were old and brittle , many popped instantly . The pump is barely strong enough to blow up the balloons . Not great . Shipped quick .
 Initially I loved this product . It was fun to make different animals , shapes and sizes . However after making about a dozen balloons my pump does not work any more ! Buyer beware !!!!
 I brought this toy to my boy when he was about 7 months old . Back then he did n't even give it a look , he did n't like and did n't want to touch it . Then , all of a sudden , at age of 11 months old , he took this toy and played with it for a week of so . Right now he is 13 months old and he does n't even want to look at this toy when i 'm giving it to him . Waste of money !
 I would n't reccomend this toy for any child . My son managed to get his foot jammed between the pieces and it took 3 people to slip his foot back out . Defintly a hazard though not lethal .
 This toy looks like it would be alot of fun . My daughter has trouble trying to work the beads along the wires , however , because there are wires over other wires and they are intermingled among each other in such a way that inexperienced hands cant move them . It would be more fun if there were not so many wires , one layer would be fine and not as hard for little ones to work . Looks good , but thats it . Not very practical in my opinion . Hope this helps .
 I purchased the giggle ball and gave it to my 9 month old son . Within a week he had broken the plastic attachments off and put the colored beads into his mouth . I pulled them out and took it away right after . I would not recommend this toy to anyone .
 I thought this toy looked like a lot of fun when I got it 8 months ago . My daughter , now 14 months old , never really played with it . I saw her shake it once , but that was it . I thought it was a lot more fun than she did .
 My daughter received two of these for Christmas two years ago . They are both sitting at the bottom of her toy box . She never liked this toy - it is very cute but just dose n't do much to spark a baby 's interest . Hopefully my two month old will like it in a couple of months !!
 I bought this for my 9 month old son . He played with it for five minutes . It 's too big and cumbersome and I agree with a previous reviewer , you have to shake too hard .
 I got this toy for my son when he was 3-month old . I know it 's a bit early , but I like to buy toys in advance ... My son is 14-month old now , and the toy is still laying in a toy box . He was curious at first to see a new object , but the toy is way too heavy for any kid under a year ; it is very hard to hear the giggling sound and only an adult can really shake it the way so it giggles . I have no idea who decided to give this toy it 's name - `` Giggle Ball '' . It looks great , but has no use . I had a lot of kids looking at it , but in less then a minute they loose an interest and never come back to it .
 A waste of money . My daughter has had this in her basket of toys since birth - she is now 9 months old - and has never been interested in it for more than ten seconds . The thing is too heavy and cumbersome to be entertaining in any way . As mentioned by others , you really have to shake the thing hard to hear the giggle . And it is not even a pleasant sound . But the worse aspect of the toys is that is is so heavy that if a baby holds it while laying on her back , and then drops it , it is a mighty big thump on her face . This happened to my daughter once and it did hurt her . I definitely do n't recommend this ridiculous toy .
 I bought this for my son when he was 6 months , now he 's 14 months and he still has nothing to do with this toy . I thought it was just him , but his playmate , a 14 month girl does n't care for it either . It just does n't interest them at all !
 My baby will play with just about anything -LRB- she 's one today ! -RRB- . You name it , paper , washclothes , tupperware . This ball holds absolutely NO interest for her , she never even picks it up . I 've tried , for months , to show her how it works , but still ... no interest .
 My son has never even gave this toy a second look . I have even tried to pretend like I really liked it myself , but I was not really convincing considering that I , myself never wanted to pick it up again . It really seemed like he would like it when i bought it . It is really heavy for a baby and is really not meant to be picked up and played with roughly . It rolls and the baby is suppose to chase it , but my son never wanted to do anything but pick it up and drop it and like I said it is heavy . I really think that this is one on the many toys that can go into the Wasted money toy box .
 My son has not liked this product since the day I bought it.It seems pretty pointless and does nothing to keep his attention.It has n't been touched in months .
 I bought this toy for my son when he was 7 months old . He played with it for a few minutes and now does n't give it a glance . It does n't giggle the way it is supposed to either . Even I have to shake it pretty hard to get any noise out of it . Overall ... A WASTE of MONEY !
 My son received this toy as a gift for his first birthday . He played with it four a day or two and has n't touched it since . I think it 's a good toy for babies about 9 months old for the color and sound stimulation , but not for children very much older than that . I agree with one review that it 's mostly just a rattle . You have to shake it pretty hard to make it `` giggle '' . Otherwise , the giggle noise is very slow and sad sounding .
 I thought this toy looked fun but my daughter played with it for a few minutes and then did n't pick it up again . I saved it for my next child thinking maybe she would like it but , nope , the same thing happened . Played with it for a couple of minutes and that was enough . It 's currently sitting in a ` give away ' box -LRB- looks new ! -RRB- .
 I bought the Giggle Ball for my son when he was 7 months old . He loved the bead toys at the doctor 's office , so I thought this toy might be a hit . Wrong ... my son had no interest in playing with it , despite my repeated attempts . I have a few guesses why the toy was such a flop : - It 's a bit heavy and bulky for a little one to hold onto.-The beads are n't the easiest to move around the wires , because theres not much space to move your hand around the toy.-It 's very difficult to get the toy to `` giggle '' , and when you do succeed , you can barely hear the sound it makes -LRB- not a giggle -RRB- . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 This toy is very pretty and it looked like it would be a great toy , but it really isnt . The giggle sound is practically non-existant , and you have to shake it REALLY HARD in order to hear it . When my daughter was younger , it seemed hard for her to carry around , its heavy ! This toy didnt seem to hold her interest for long , but its been thrown around a LOT and its still in one piece !! I guess durablilty counts !
 This is just another rattle . I bought it for my very active 7 months old baby boy . He played with it for about 10 min . and has not touched it since . Fancy and Fun name but that is it .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 5 months old , she would hold it and shake it , but we never heard the giggle . It is not worth the money , it doesnt do anything .
 My daughter disliked this toy on sight and she never played with it .
 My husband bought this for our 8 month old she wants to play with it but it is heavy and there is no where to chew on it . This toy is a waste of money .
 This toy never seemed to keep my son 's attention . He would pick it up for a moment and then discard . It is heavy for a young baby and I found myself holding it for him . You also have to shake it very hard to make the noise . I could have bought something else ...
 It looks like a lot of fun , but my 10 month old daughter is n't interested in it . I try to give it to her , but she just does n't even want to touch it . Save your money and give your baby the turkey baster to play with instead
 I bought this toy for my son when he was about 6 months old . He is now 2 years old and has never played with it . To hear the giggle you have to shake it a certain way and my son does n't have the patience for that as i am sure most toddlers do not . It seems durable enough but then again i would n't really know since it is never played with . I do not recommend anyone to buy this toy .
 I was very disappointed with this item , ice cubes float , this one does n't . My guest never noticed the bug at the bottom of her glass , underneath the other ice cubes.Bar Bug Ice Cube
 I bought these clothes for a 14 '' doll and the clothes were much too large for a doll . The doll would have to be a very chubby doll the size of a stuffed bear before the clothes would fit . I recommend taking the word `` doll '' out of the title and description because it is misleading . Luckily my granddaughter had a bear and could still use the clothes .
 A terrific disappointment . This game , unlike all of the other Trivial Pursuit games , includes a slim half-box of questions -LRB- compared to 2 full boxes for questions for other Trivial Pursuit games -RRB- . Furthermore , the questions are geared toward movie minutae -LRB- for example , how many days did Sean Astin have to wear his hobbit feet ? Who cares ? -RRB- Tolkien 's created universe is so wonderfully rich and complex , and I was looking forward to really testing my knowledge of elvish lore and Rohirrim geneology and the like . This game , however , ignores most of the mythology and the events in the novels , focusing instead on the films . Do n't waste your time or your money .
 One daughter and I played against the other daughter and her husband . We went first and completed the game on the first try . Then they took their turn and also completed the game . The questions are about the movie versions only , and none of us has seen the third movie yet , but the answers were obvious either from the books or from the way the questions were set up.If they ever come out with a Trivial Pursuit based on both the movies and the books -- or on the books alone -- with questions aimed at those who are very familiar with the material , I would buy it . This version is not something I would recommend for adults or for obsessive fans of any age .
 I , like those who have reviewed this game before , was expecting trivia questions based on the Lord of the Rings books . However , they all come from the Peter Jackson films . If you are a die-hard LOTR fan , hoping to be challenged for your original trilogy knowledge , this game is not for you.This is not to say that I do n't enjoy the films . I do very much . However , even for me , these questions were no challenge . If you have seen the extended versions of the films and have explored the extra features and commentary , these questions are a breeze . Any remotely-interesting questions were easily answered , but there were a number of questions where I would ask myself , `` who cares ?! '' particularly ` number ' questions . These included `` How many candles are on the chandelier that Gandalf bumps into at Bag End ? '' and `` How many days of the shoot were Sean Astin 's Hobbit feet needlessly applied because they were n't seen on-screen ? '' Given more time , I 'm sure I could offer many more of these gems.As for the game itself , it is in typical Trivial Pursuit format . The board has a faded image of a Middle-Earth map in the background and an image of the One Ring framing the Eye of Sauron in the center . The game pieces are interesting , but I would recommend getting the LOTR edition of Monopoly instead if those are what interest you.A previous reviewer mentioned another item called The Lord of the Rings Trivia Game . As said , the questions come from the books , not the films . This would be a better purchase for those looking for book trivia . I wanted to point out that , unlike before , the game is now available here on Amazon as well . -LSB- ... -RSB- Amazon.com Toys & Games The Lord Of The Rings Trivia Game Book fans should definitely steer clear of the Trivial Pursuit and go for this instead . I hope this has been helpful . Thanks for reading !
 The rich lore of Lord of the Rings trilogy would seem the ideal material for fun and challenging trivia game . Sadly this is not it . Despite the potential of the material , this game ends up being both boring as a game , and empty as a Lord of the Rings experience . Fans of trivia games , even those who settle for the Trivial Pursuit family of games , will feel cheated by the shallowness and unevenness of the questions -LRB- despite their narrow focus -RRB- while those looking for a good Lord of the Rings game will be left empty handed.As a trivia game , this edition adds nothing , and players are better off with whichever of the other Trivial Pursuit game suits there interest and the level of challenge they are seeking . The questions in all but one of the categories in this edition are basically impossible go get wrong -LRB- unless you slept through the films -RRB- , so there 's little opportunity for the kind of general knowledge play that makes the typical Trivial Pursuit game fun . In only one category -LRB- about the making of the film -RRB- is there any challenge , and there the questions are often far too difficult -LRB- unless you 've followed the lore of the making of the films in detail -RRB- . This unevenness of the categories not only spoils the fun of making smart guesses or connecting arbitrary bits of world knowledge and factoids -LRB- the core of a decent trivia game -RRB- , it exacerbates the well-known `` end game '' problem with Trivial Pursuit
 While it 's fun to test your knowledge of the movies once , it gets old quick . There 's no real Tolkien knowledge required to answer the questions . What is really stupid about the set of questions is that a person who only knows who Gollum is could get an `` enemy '' question right just about every time . The first time I played this game with 3 other people , `` Gollum '' must have been the correct answer at least 30-40 times . The only place a person would really get stuck is if they did n't pay close attention while watching all of the special features on the extended DVD set and gets thrown an actor 's or design team member 's name question.This game is definitely geared towards the movie and the average watchers who may have not read the books . It is not for the true Tolkien fan . The `` correct answers '' to questions are derived from changes made to the story by the filmmakers which makes it possible that someone very knowledgeable on the books could get a question wrong if not thinking in terms of the flow of the movie ! Obscure and interesting book knowledge that would make this game a keeper is overlooked.The flow of the gameplay is made interesting by the presence of `` the one ring '' and the black rider but this does not make up for the lack of real trivia questions.My recommendation is that you borrow this game from someone who has already stored it somewhere to collect dust and play it before commiting your hard-earned dollars .
 This game may be fun for the casual fan or family who viewed the films . For a devoted fan of the movies , the only challenging category is the one directly concerned with the technical aspects of making the films . Otherwise , it 's strictly junior league . I hope the company will consider a real `` Tolkien '' edition , from Silmarillion to Lord of the Rings , to give the real fans a challenge . While I realize the game may serve to bring friends together , fans of the movies will quickly find their boredom meter pegged ; the game does not have lasting potential for repeated playing .
 If the aim was to cheapen both items , JRR Tolkien 's masterpiece and ` Trivial Pursuit ' , then the manufacturers could n't have bought a better product . What a total and absolute piece of garbage . I got it as a gift ... it 's now in a Goodwill store ... I donated it . Sorry Goodwill ... Obviously , Tolkien fans or their friends and families will have bought the game because it seems to have an affinity with the book . When I initially saw the top cover , where it makes absolutely NO mention of Tolkien , I should have known that this was NOT going to be a serious game , just a ` dumbed-down ' version of the ` LOTR ' trilogy as ` re-written ' by Peter Jackson , and NOT the original story.The very fact that the story in the trilogy has , in my opinion , been twisted and taken out of all context by the makers of the movie is sad enough . The additional work they have done by asking inane questions such as ` How many days were Sean Astin 's Hobbit feet needlessly applied ... . etc. ... '' leads me to believe that this game was indeed aimed at 8 year olds and not at serious Tolkien fans .
 Do n't expect this to be a game about the books , it is strictly about the movies . And if you have seen the movies at least once , chances are you will be able to answer every single question without difficulty . There is no challenge and the questions are frequently silly . It also seems to only cover the the first 2 movies . If you are big on movie trivia , then maybe you will like this , but otherwise , beware . I loved the movies , but this is a bit much and a waste of money .
 when i heard that there was a lord of the rings trivia game , i was pretty excited , but then i found out that it was only based on the movies . While i admit that the movies are indeed the only reason i read the books at all , i think that there is much much more challenging and fun trivia to be drawn from the books instead of the movies.make a book based lord of the rings game and i 'll play it . but not if it 's only movie based , since so much was changed and left out from the movies .
 Hi well to start my Barbies needed some new clothes so I got these cause they looked pretty and they fit great on the model Barbie on the back of the box . But when I got home and tried them on my Barbies they would n't fit even my skinniest Barbie ! Only the pants fit her and they were ugly . Well overall I have to say that I 'm REALLY disappointed with these clothes . Well got ta go hope this was helpful Brooke .
 We bought this set and threw it away in the span of about an hour . The clothes are way too small to fit on any of my daughter 's dozen barbies . The straps on the tank and the dress broke the instant I tried to slip them on . The skirt fit but is too bulbous to be attractive . This set is just too flimsy .
 The doll is very small - only about 6-7 inches tall . This is n't clear in the doll 's description .
 I purchased three of these dolls and feel they are completely misrepresented . Although they look like their picutre , they are so small they would fit in the palm of your hand -LRB- smaller than a Beenie Baby -RRB- . It 's not a doll a child could play with . Had the specifications/size of the dolls been available , I would not have purchased them .
 I ordered this because I thought I was getting two of these , like the picture shows . They retail for 20 bucks , so the higher price made me think that also . What I got was ONE of these - for too high a price . One of my two kids was very dissapointed . Thanks.Oh , and when we tried to fill it - nothing . The water just leaks out the back of the head . This one must be defective , as weve had others in the past that worked . They really had fun with the ones that worked , hence the 5 stars for fun . But with this deal I paid 30 bucks -LRB- plus 4 for S&H ;-RRB- for ONE defective worm , and wound up with TWO bummed out kids .
 I actually tasted these `` treats '' ... on e word . . NASTY . The kids enjoyed making them , but after 1 taste , even my 2 and 4 year olds said `` these are icky '' . Save your money on this one and wait for the easy bake oven !!!
 I bought this for my 4 yr old . I hid it from her after the second time she used it . I have no idea what is in those mixes , but it is the most foul tasting thing I 've ever had . My daughter and I spend a lot of time in the kitchen and I 've put up with some of her nasty tasting experiments for the sake of her self-esteem . There was no disguising my distate as I was running for the bin . The utensils/pans are worth keeping to play with , but I would suggest you find other uses for the food . P.S. . The dog will NOT eat them .
 my daughter received this as a gift from someone for her 6th birthday . She was very excited to use it . But after she made something it only raised a little and did not taste very good . She later tried to make something else and the same thing happened , the food did not raise and it was very rubbery . I would not buy any of these products again .
 My 4-year old daughter got this as a Christmas present from her aunt last year . I thought that it would be a nice alternative to the Easy Bake Oven . Now , I wish I had suggested to her aunt to get the Easy Bake Oven ! My daughter always helps me in the kitchen , mixing things up , pouring things in , etc. . The mixing part of this was good for her ; she thoroughly enjoyed that part . But then she wanted me to try a bite of the chocolate cake that she just `` baked '' and the taste and texture has left a permanent scar on my taste buds !! And that was Christmas of 2003 ! If your child likes to mix and stir and pretend to bake , it 's fine . Just do n't eat the final product !
 We bought this product thinking it would be just like the easy bake products . All of the products tasted like rubber . My daughter would n't make any more . She did like the utensils that came with it .
 For christmas me and my two sisters each recived a instant bake fun center . When we used the instant bake we thought Santa hated us . The dough does NOT rise , everything tastes like mush , and it makes a big mess.The tray to mold the dough is very very small . Everything was tiny . Durabillity is great . It is not cheap plastic , it is actually very tough . Although it is very hard to get the treats out . We were very dissapointed , it is defenately not worth wasting money on .
 It fell apart ! I opend it and Spider Man left arm was off and daredevil from the knee down it was n't even there ! Do not get this toy !!!!!!!!!!!
 This toy is NOT for ages 4 and above ! Perhaps age 10 on up but even then I 'd have second thoughts . When this arrived for my young children I was appaled at how much bust was showing on one figure and how many weapons were present . Add to that the `` Poster Booklet '' that would have caused my kids nightmares if they had been allowed to see it and I can not understand why this toy is rated for 4 years and older . I passed the booklet along to my 13 year old neighbor only to find out his mother thought it was too much even for him !!! About all I can say is that the Spider-Man is great , but you could get more -LRB- even at this reduced price -RRB- purchasing a Spider-Man only toy of some kind .
 they were not what i expected not colored jacks and they are not the original size jacks sorry i ordered them .
 How can anyone tell if they 'd like to buy this Game if there 's no info online about it all ?? It does n't say if it 's a board game , or a dice game or what the strategy is etc. . Not very many people are going to buy a game that they know nothing about !
 My husband and I received this as a gift for Christmas from our teenage son . He had good intentions , and we had a good laugh when we received it , but when we actually played the game with some friends , we expected a little more of a challenge . A very senior person might find it a bit of a challenge , trying to memorize three out of five facts per question , but they might be better off playing Trivial Pursuit or chess .
 The instructions are very vague and make you feel even older cause your too stupid to figure them out ! Ther were 3 of us playing who did n't understand them ! Where can a person get better instructions ?
 Gave this game to my husband for Christmas and attempted to play it with friends on NYE.We are about 60 years old and 3 of the 4 of us have masters degrees . For the life of us we could not figure out how to play this game . It seems the board does n't match the instructions and the instructions are minimal at best . Just for fun , gave it and the instructions to our youngest -LRB- 27 -RRB- son to see if he could come up with how to play and he just said it made no sense at all . Very disappointed .
 We 've had loads of fun and lots of learning with my daughter 's Leap Pad and various books . I thought this would be a great learning tool for digestion with the same caliber of intelligence as the Mammals and Geography books . This was a huge disappointment with very little information regarding digestion and explained in very dumbed down terms . It seems the book was geared more towards the whiney kid in the story and silly bodily function sounds than in educating about digestion and/or nutrition . The games are pointless and interaction is minimal . My daughter spent a total of 10 minutes on this book and has n't picked it up since , where she plays with her other leap pad books over and over and finds something new or engaging each time .
 We 're big fans of the Leap Pad , as our daughter plays with it constantly and will sit for hours with it on a long car trip . This particular book , unfortunately , is a real dud . Very little interesting information , pointless games , and nothing to entice little ones to learn anything . It 's definitely not sophisticated enough for the suggested 6 - 8 year old age group , as our 41/2 year old is beyond its limited educational value . A real disappointment .
 I bought this kit as a gift for my niece , who loves art projects and coloring . However , I was a little disappointed when it arrived . There is no outer package around the product , so the inside of the kit had spilled out into the shipping box . The sketch paper pad was completely detached from its backing , and there is no way to re-attach it . The color wheel is not attached to the tri-fold either , although it looks like it should be because there is a little cardboard `` pocket '' around it that has glue lines on the back . I will still give it to my niece because I do n't think she is old enough to recognize the way it should have been put together , but overall the quality of the product was sub-par . There are also no instructions , so I did n't realize the product was not meant for use on the skin -LRB- found that out after reading some of the other reviews -RRB- . Bummer .
 Do not bother getting this kit . I bought it for my son for Christmas . The first problem was that it was missing the motor and solar panels . Rather key parts . I called and emailed the company . Finally many weeks later I received an email back . Then later a motor and two solar panels . The problem is the motor does run off of just two solar panels . It requires three to generate enough voltage in bright sunlight . I tested the motor with a battery setup and it works . I tested the output of the two solar panels with my voltmeter and they only put out 0.5 VDC exactly as they are rated . The manufacturer confirmed this . But the manual has some of the projects using only one solar panel with the motor . No go . Even with two panels it is no go . It takes three panels to run the motor as verified by my own tests . The company confirmed that three panels are needed . I went out and bought another panel so my son would not be totally disappointed . I would not buy this again . Because of this basic flaw in the design , as well as the lack of quality control , I probably wo n't buy anything from the manufacturer Thames & Kosmos again either . It is really cheap cardboard , styrofoam , badly designed and does not work .
 My father bought this for my daughter , he thought she would like it , and she did . But the first time she caught it she put it in her mouth -LRB- as all 10 month olds do with everything -RRB- her lip was sucked in and caused her to bleed and get a fat lip from it . Not great for the age range little tikes reccomends , better for older kids .
 When my daugher picked it up while it was in auto pilot mode she sat it down on her arm and her skin got caught in the wheels while it was no emergency or anything it did hurt her.I do n't reccommend this toy .
 When I purchased this toy I was very disappointed . I felt the commercial was very misleading as it showed the toy running and giggling on its own . Definitley not as cute as I thought it would be . My 2 year old daughter plays with it sometimes , but she loses interest when it gets stuck on things and ceases to do what she wants it to . I wish I had taken it back .
 The other reviews are right , this is a FUN toy , when it 's working . It uses 7 batteries , yes that 's right 7 ! Not to mention , I found myself changing the batteries every 3-4 days . It drains batteries worse than any other toy I 've seen . I finally gave it to charity .
 I bought this toy for my 9 month old son and he loved it . When we first gave it to him , he chased it and mashed the buttons to make it giggle and go . Within 2 minutes of playing with it , he picked it up and promptly got his finger stuck between the tread -LRB- which has plastic teeth vs a rubber band -RRB- and what I 'll call the wheel well . One thing that is cool about this toy is that it moves very fast on a variety of surfaces , which means that those plastic teeth are moving pretty fast and really hurt . When I placed my finger next to it , it caught me and I could feel where it was ground by the teeth for at least ten minutes ; not constant pain , but I could tell where it had got caught when I cared to notice.I was very surpised with this because it is made my Little Tikes . We have a lot of their toys , etc , but I can not recommend this one.We have talked to Little Tikes and they are sending us another toy as a replacement .
 I originally bought this for my daughter to encourage her to crawl and she loved it ! But after ten minutes of using it , it suddenly died and it would only giggle when I pushed the buttons . I had used brand new batteries -LRB- alkaline as it recommends -RRB- but nothing so I turned it off for about an hour and then turned it back on , but this time it did the complete opposite and flipped out ! The thing just went crazy and was going so fast and spinning so fast that it flipped over and would n't stop until I finally just turned it off . Well I tried it a couple more times and it just did the same thing either would n't work or just went so fast it toppled itself over , so I just gave up . Bummer , my daughter really enjoyed it too .
 We bought this toy for our daughter -LRB- 11/2 -RRB- for Christmas and she was afraid of it , I think she thought it was alive . Also it does n't do so well on the carpet and tips over fairly easy .
 For the price this is a horrible battery . This battery has a very very low mAh rating for this style of battery , and it will be very evident the first time you use it ! Even though it is a 7.2 V battery the mAh rating is only 1600 , the mAh rating is among other factors , how long the battery will hold its charge . I recommend a 7.2 V battery to be rated 3000 mAh this will provide a much better and longer driving experience . Do a little searching and you will find most 7.2 v batteries of this style are rated at least 2600 mAh . I really do not understand how anyone could sell this battery for the prices I have encountered . The educational value of this toy is rated very high by me because if you buy one you will learn very quickly this battery will not hold a charge long enough to enjoy it !
 My son is 6 yrs old and we have school project regarding Dinosaur introduction . Let is why i try to get some reference books from Amazon . After i saw the review i thought it will help my son to finish his project . I am very disappointment after i received this book with terrible print out quality in and out . Not much knowledge provided . I returned it immediately back to Amazon .
 After being disappointed with the Cranium game Whoonu , I thought I 'd take a chance on this reputable company by buying two more games -- one of which is Cadoo.Here is the premise : There is a colorful game board with 16 purple circles in the middle . These work as a grid for a Connect Four-like `` win '' . Players roll a dice that has three printed options
 let my child and apparently children all over the country buy a toy that you could not provide the support for ? No store has it and and the batmobile we are all looking to run sits in the living room with my child staring at what was his big gift for the holiday season.Amazon and Toys R Us should be ashamed .
 I guess a better charger should be auto stop when fully charged and auto detect the voltage . Short circute protection and reverse protection necessary , too . If you wan na get more details you can email -LSB- ... -RSB- I can tell you more and give more information .
 First of all , the battery pack is very very difficult to find , even on the Amazon site . Then when I thought I ordered the battery pack along with the charger , the charger was not included in the pack . My kids had the toy since Christmas and are unable to play with it to this date because I am still unable to find a charger for the battery . I would not recommend getting this toy for anyone .
 This story is long and boring and totally turned off my children and their friends . We got through a little bit of it and now I am labeled as the `` boring dad . '' I am a Wind Power major and I expected significantly more out of this . The workmanship was poor and the styrofoam parts never fit right . Great idea but very poorly executed .
 Just got mine , and for $ 140 , you would think it 's made of decent material . Nope , It 's ALL styrofoam and cardboard . Add to that most of the projects require additional materials to do.Sending mine back , for the price I could get an ACTUAL set of solar panels .
 I paid more than one hundred dollars on this toy , but when I received it , it looks very cheap , I mean the parts are made by cheap material and easy to broken ; so I have return this toy already . Not recommend on this ...
 My kids and I tried playing this game . Kept our attention span for maybe 10 minutes . Really think it 's meant for 16 and over . Not easy for younger kids .
 I thought some of the words that were selected were kind of silly and most people in our group could not answer the buzzword without including it in a phrase . I was expecting buzzwords that would instigate the type of clues that would make you shout out just one word answers rather than a couple of sentences
 We tried playing this a couple of times with a group of people and it just did n't catch on . Some of the cards were pretty easy . It 's one of those things where you 've either heard of the phrase or you have n't .
 The cards limited our enjoyment of this game . You are restricted to only reading the clues on the card . The fun of games like Taboo and Catchphrase are that you can make up the clues yourself , and if someone is having trouble guessing you can taylor your clues to their personal knowlege/experience . Here , you are stuck simply reading what is on the card , and if they have no idea they are totally out of luck . This especially limited the enjoyment of the older grandparents , younger cousins , and friends for whom English is a second language , because their knowledge base was more limited/specific than what was generally provided on the cards .
 Started to assemble it , put in the batteries and within seconds smoke was coming out of the toy and the plastic was melting !!!! Put it back in the box , writting e-mail to the manufacturer .
 My son bought this tonight and was really excited . He is sure to be a future mechanical engineer . However , tonight he went to bed in tears and we will be returning it tomorrow . The book inside was well done but the actual equipment is garbage . The hypnotic spinner was a very loose fit so the gears moved but the spinner did not spin . One of the big wheels was very difficult to get an axle through and we are now not able to remove it . The motor is not strong enough to get the crane to move anyway . If it was only one problem then we would forgive them . The manufacturer 's quality is just too poor .
 This toy is great if you only want your child to learn 10 letters ! Because the other 16 do n't seem to matter . It either got the letters wrong or just did n't even try and made some musical dismissal of them.I bought this to help my 4 yr old , who has told me she wants to learn to read , learn her letter sounds . This was her Valentine 's gift and now we had to package it back up and it 's going back to Target.I looked at the Word Whammer too , but no way , not after this fiasco . And whoever said it comes with the numbers was wrong , we got the newest model and there were no numbers for it to fail to recognize.I 'll just get her something for her LeapPad or her V-Smile . I just feel bad that she knows her Valentine 's gift has to go back . Very disappointing . LeapFrog is usually much better than this . We have Baby Tad and we have the My First Leappad and the regular Leappad and the talking Globe . This is our first disaster .
 We bought this for our kids at Christmas , thinking it would be a fun , educational toy . They needed something to occupy them in the kitchen while I am cooking . They loved the letter E song while the toy was still in its box , but that 's when the fun was over . When we opened it up , we realized that any other letter that was put into the toy , would simply play a musical tone -LRB- which must mean that it ca n't read the letter -RRB- , or the F , L , or E song , regardless of which letter was actually inserted . Imagine the confusion of my older kids who put in the letter B just to hear the letter L song ! I am very disappointed with this toy , and will be returning it today .
 We purchased a Leap Frog Fridge Phonics Alphabet and Numbers took it home and found it to be defective . 26 of the 36 characters told you the wrong information . We placed the `` T '' on the toy and it told us it was the number 7 . We placed the number 8 on the toy and it told us it was the number 10 . We returned this product and purchased another , same kind of defect , but it was telling us different letters and number than the first . I contacted Leap Frog about their defective product and have received no response . I think this is a wonderful product if it worked . I do not want my child to learn incorrect information !
 Be aware ... the letters fit perfectly in little ones mouths . Even my 4 year olds . I unfortunately took it away because of this .
 I got this for my DD and we tried putting the letters in , most of them said the wrong letter , or makes a beeb sound . I have to go back to the store again to have it exchanged .
 Fresh out of the box this toy would n't recognize most of the letters . Poor quality . I 'm sure it 's educational if it WORKS !
 Normally I would love the toy for my son , but when I recieved it , it was BROKEN ! The toy did n't read the letters correctly or some , not at all !
 We purchased this product for christmas for my son . Well , It only recognized half the letters and when I contacted the company they wanted me to send it back . Fine but they would n't pay for shipping etc. . I would n't recommend this for anyone . It 's more trouble than it 's worth .
 Half of letters read incorrectly ...
 I purchased this toy for my daughter for Christmas thinking it would be great for her to learn her letters while I was trying to get things done in the kitchen . She loves the size of the letters because they are easy to take them off of the fridge . The only problem with it is that the letters do not give the correct sounds . When we placed the O in the reader it thought it was a Q. Very dissapointing !
 I purchased this toy for my two-year-old son for Christmas , knowing that he would absolutely love it . But when we opened it Christmas morning , my husband and I were so disappointed . It misread some of the letters . For example , `` A '' was read as `` K '' or `` D '' as `` G '' . I 'm not sure if this is just this one particular box , but I just read a review of this toy at Target , and it seems other parents complained of the same thing , though those who purchased it before this year , seemed to be satisfied and very happy . If you plan on buying this toy , however , I would advise you save your receipt .
 I bought this for my daughters third birthday . Literally every other letter is wrong ! I had to place the wrong letters on the top of the refrigerator so she would n't get totally confused.I 'm completely disappointed .
 I also got this item for my 2 yr old and it would be a SUPER toy if only it gave the correct responses for the letters . 15 out of 26 letters were wrong . I have since returned for a full refund .
 This toy would have been good for youngsters if they had simply used lower-case letters . Unfortunately , focusing exclusively on the upper-case alphabet is disastrous for those learning to read.LeapFrog forces you to buy an expansion pack to get the lower-case letters , an extra hidden expense . However , most parents either will receive this as a gift or wo n't realize when buying it that the expansion pack exists , or may not know that teaching a child to recognize only upper-case letters is actually a DETRIMENT to early reading ability.Many upper-case letters bear little or no resemblance to their lower-case counterparts . Almost all text is printed in lower-case , with the occasional upper-case letter to start a sentence or proper noun . This means that a young one who wants to start sounding out words around her is best served by learning lower-case letters first . In fact , learning the upper-case alphabet comes as a free bonus to a young learner . -LRB- For example , reading the word `` The '' at the start of a sentence will teach a young reader about capital T , since in context the word will be easy to recognize . -RRB- Apart from the fact that LeapFrog only ships upper-case letters in order to increase your total purchase price , the implementation of the toy is suboptimal . Each letter is presented with a maximum of two sounds . This has caused some confusion with my 3-year-old , since letters like `` a '' have more sounds that pop up in common early reading words.In addition , the sounds are presented in a worthlessly sappy-cute way
 I bought this item because of the many great reviews . However , I have to strongly disagree with the phonics of this toy . I only tested 2 letters , `` A '' and `` W. '' After I heard the them both , I decided not to test the rest and package everything up for a return to amazon . They do not sound adequate for teaching purposes . I really do n't understand how this item gets a 4.5 star rating . You guys have to be kidding me !
 This concept is a good one , but the item does not recognize all the letters properly . I dont think a product should be teaching the Letter R is a U !!!!!!!!! Too bad , I had hoped for better . Aprox 50 % of the letters were wrong , or unrecognized .
 I bought this toy for my 3 year old son for Christmas . As of last night -LRB- one week later -RRB- , the toy no longer works . The main box will not stick properly to the refridgerator , it slides down to the floor and only half of the letters give the correct answer . The letter recognition is a tab system that I have seen on other toys and have never had a problem before . It has brand new batteries so I do n't see why that could be an issue and I have checked to make sure that there was no debris or crumbs or any juice that may have made the buttons sticky and not recognize the letters and I have NOTHING . The toy should be 100 % operational . Hopefully I received a faulty unit and my experience does not reflect a normal quality level for this toy . I will be contacting Leap Frog and Amazon for a replacement unit . Fingers crossed .
 This toy got great reviews and I had thought it would be great as well . Unfortunately , my daughter just uses it to press the ABC song button over and over ... without actually listening to the ABC song . She has no interest in putting the letters into the toy ... maybe this toy just is n't for her .
 I like this product . However the same product can be purchased at a national retailer for $ 19.95 . I can not believe their is such a disparity in the price !
 I ordered this for my 6 year old niece who is having a hard time learning her letters and sounds . It sounded like a perfect learning tool . As soon as it came , we started playing it , and the machine would say the wrong letters and sounds ! I cleaned the batteries like it said too , still nothing . I returned it , rcvd a new one , -LRB- at least that was easy enough , thank you amazon -RRB- , then the second one did the same thing . I sent it back again and got a refund . I was extremely disappointed and if any has this , please check it constantly before your little one gets screwed up and never learns the alphabet . A great idea if it had worked !
 I was excited about this product and so was my 20 m/o . Until we opened the box and found 14 out of the 26 letters gave improper responses or no response at all . I checked online to see if others had similar problems and there was quite a lot of people that had the same problem . When I returned it I asked if there was similar problems and was told that most people were returning this and that replacing would probably end in another faulty product . It would 've been a great product if it had worked .
 I exchanged this twice and all of them had the same problem - would not say the correct letter . I followed the instructions and cleaned the posts and replaced the batteries but a number of the letters were still said wrong . I finally just got the money back .
 My daughter received this as a gift for her first birthday , and she immediately loved it . It worked well for a little while , but for some reason started telling her the wrong letters . For example , she would put in the letter `` B '' and it would sing the `` X '' song . I tried cleaning it and changing the batteries , but was unable to get it to sing the right letters . I did n't want it confusing her so I eventually threw it in the trash . It would be a great toy if it had continued to work properly .
 Similar to the other reviews that have given this product a ' 1 star ' , mine does not work . The alphabet button works fine -LRB- so at least my child can learn the alphabet -RRB- but none of the letters work - a litle musical tone is all that plays , and that 's hardly educational . I cleaned the battery contacts and replaced the batteries as directed in the users ' guide to no avail . Unfortunately it stopped working at 5 months after light use -LRB- and warranty ends at 3 months -RRB- so there 's nothing I can do since Leapfrog does n't even offer any sort of repair service . It was a good toy before it mysteriously stopped working .
 I got this for my daughter for Christmas because it got so many great reviews . Unfortunately , it did n't work well . It did n't recognize some letters at all and others it mistook for different letters . For example , it kept saying that `` M '' was `` Z '' or `` A , '' which is the last thing a little one learning the alphabet needs!The concept is great but ours was defective from the get-go .
 i thought this toy looked perfect for my 21/2 yr old son . He played with it in the box , while we were at the store . I could n't wait for him to open it christmas day . imagine my horror , when I put the first letter in , and it did n't work . I tried letter after letter , and they all said the wrong thing . I tried 3 different sets of batteries , nothing worked . Not only was I frustrated nad disapointed , but my son was too . I 'm taking it back , and trying a different set , since my son loves it , but if that set does n't work , then forget it .
 I was so excited to see the great reviews this toy got before I purchased it for Christmas ... Well ... I was very upset to find that about 10 of the letters just `` Ding '' when you press them , and than 3 of our letters said the wrong name and sound ! Odviously my two and one half year old can not learn the letters when this great machine is telling him the wrong answers so I will be returning it . I 'm surprised that this is a Leap Frog product .
 I got 1 and it did n't work right so sent it back and the second one did n't work either . I totally believe it had something to do w/shipping it in the winter . After I sent these 2 back to you I went to Walmart to get one and had it in the trunk for a while -LRB- when it was very cold -RRB- and it did n't work right either when I got it home . I actually took it back and got another one -LRB- vowed that was the last time and it was -RRB- and put it inside the car in the warm and went straight home and it works great ! I just think the cold did something to it cause it would give you the wrong letters for what you put in or nothing at all for a couple of them . Great product but shipping may be a problem w/this one .
 I bought this for my 22 month old son for Christmas with very high hopes . I read stellar online reviews and researched similar products as well before finally settling on the Leap Frog Fridge Phonics with added Numbers . My son knows about 10 letters and this seemed PERFECT for reinforcing the letters he knows and also helping to learn the other letters.So imagine the disappoinment when my precious son opened this present Christmas morning and only 3 letters worked correctly . K
 Our seems to be defective because no matter what letter you put in , the toy thinks it 's F ! We tried replacing the batteries . I even went out and bought new batteries & cleaned the battery compartment -LRB- as it explains in the directions -RRB- . It does n't make a difference . I was SO disappointed because my son really wants to play with it but I do n't want him to think every letter says F ! I have talked to other moms who have had this problem . I am returning it to the manufacturer .
 I bought this product based upon the image that I saw on this particular link . It shows lower case letters , so that is what I expected to get . However , when it arrived , it only came with uppercase . This was very disappointing . Then I found out that you have to purchase the lower case letters but I can not find them in stock anywhere . I still have not opened the package because I wanted to exchange it for a lowercase version , but it is not available . Why is it being decided for us that children should learn uppercase letters before lowercase letters ... when they learn to write and read they need to be familiar with lowercase letter forms . I rated this product low because I have not opened the package and therefore can not rate the things that I have not experienced . I plan to send this back . I am considering purchasing Fridge Words -LRB- tm -RRB-
 My son is 18 months old . He loved it ! However my fridge did n't . I have scratches all over , my brand new stainless steel fridge is ruined ! I thought I read it was n't supposed to do that ... Oh well .
 I bought this toy awhile back for my daughter , and this was one of her least favorite things to play with , not to mention that the voice that sang the songs was totally annoying and irratating . not to mention that most of the pieces ended up underneath the refridgerator . never the less the toy ended up being tossed in the trash and neither me nor my daughter miss it at all .
 I too was disappointed with this toy . My daughter -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- loves the Leap Frog Letter Factory DVD , so I thought this was the perfect Christmas gift . I had the same problem as many other reviews . I would say 20 out of the 26 letters said the wrong letter name and some did n't say a letter name at all -LRB- they just beeped -RRB- . Thinking I just got a bad toy , I exchanged it for another . I tried it as soon as I got back in my car -LRB- I could n't bare to see a disappointed look on my daughter 's face again -RRB- . Again the toy did the same thing . So I did n't bother with it again and just returned it . This toy would be so cute if it worked the way it was suppose to . The catchy songs really had my daughter 's interested in her letters . Too bad !
 I seen this product on T.V. and thought it was adorable and perfect for my 19-month old baby girl . I purchased it at a store nearby for a Christmas present . I did n't read the reviews on this until now and have also been disappointed . The letters are incorrect `` O '' says it is a `` Q '' . Thinking that the demo batteries were the problem , I changed them . Still would not work properly . Took it back to the store to get a new one and still does not work properly . As someone else posted -- SAVE THE RECEIPT AND BOX . I am going to make my third trip back to the store to purchase something else . It is to bad because it seems like it would really be a great learning tool if it did work properly . The song was catchy and it would have occupied my duaghter .
 We bought this product for our son for Christmas . It seemed like the perfect gift for him to learn his letters and the letter sounds . On Christmas morning we open it up and the only letter that was correct was the E , of course the E was the demo letter . Unfortunately , the stores are out of stock on this product so we may upgrade the the Word Whammer and hope the letters are correct .
 The product should work as advertised and it does n't ! Only half of the letters were correct . The rest of the letters either said the wrong letter or made a ding-da-ding noise . Swapping out batteries did n't work . As others have ran into similar or worse problems , it 's obvious that Leapfrog needs to work on quality control.Caveat Emptor ...
 This product is such a great and fun idea . Unfortunately half of the letters do not work , for ex
 Be very careful with this toy and others that use magnets to stick to your fridge . We removed the item from the fridge to find dozens of scratches behind where it was . There was a tiny fragment of metal sticking out of the plastic surface that touches the fridge -LRB- behind that is the magnet -RRB- and any movement , large or small , caused it to damage our fridge . In our case , the fridge is easy clean stainless steel , and can not be repaired .
 I got this for my son for Christmas and he got to open it early and we tried putting the letters in and a couple of them say the wrong letter when you push it in everytime . And half the others do n't say anything , but I have them on the fridge so that he can play with the letters .
 While 4 stars may be what my son would rate this if he could talk better , I purchased this new and when we got home his older siblings brought to my attention that the letters where different than what the toy was saying they were . You would put a `` G '' in and hear `` J '' for that letter verbally . This was the case with more than half the alphabet . I called the company who had me on old 45 minutes because the Fly Pen was eating up their phone time with other problems . They told me to take a Qtip with alcohol on it and clean the prongs in the window where the letter goes , then use a tweezer to pull out the prongs that were too far in -LRB- brand new prongs out of the box mind you -RRB- . This was only ruining the plastic prongs and not working on loosening them up for the tweezer to pull out . Returned for refund to the store and explained it to them . Kid appeal , adult aggravation .
 We received this as a Christmas gift and were extremely disappointed to find that very few of the letters work correctly . -LRB- Our set does not contain numbers . -RRB- I came to Amazon to see if anyone else had similar problems . Based on all of the 2003 reviews , this is a great toy , which is why Grandma chose it . However , all of the one-star reviews were posted within the last year , which leads me to believe that Leap Frog changed this toy 's design or maybe the toys just sat in a warehouse for too long and the chips/magnets were damaged.We also received the Learning Friends Phonics Bus . It plays the same music -LRB- or very similar -RRB- , so we 'll be keeping the bus , returning this toy and getting a low-tech set of alphabet refrigerator magnets .
 I originally received this product as a gift . When I opened it up for the first time in front of my daughter , many of the letters did not function properly . When I put an `` A '' in , the unit said it was a `` C '' . I did n't want my daughter to be confused , so I called LeapFrog and told them about the problem . They told me to clean the tabs with alcohol and then pry any loose tabs up with a some tweezers . I did this and then all the good letters became bad and the bad letters worked . I eventually sent the unit back to the factory and they sent me a brand new one . I opened up this unit and it had the exact same problem . I opened up the entire unit , unscrewed some of the electronics and then approached the tabs from the inside - this seemed to fix it . Apparently this is the norm with this product , read the reviews ! I am not the first one to encounter this problem ! LeapFrog - you need to review the quality of your products !
 All right , so 12 letters out of the whole alphabet did not work properly when inserted into the `` electronic cradle . '' 5 did n't activate at all and the other 7 letters were recognized incorrectly by the device and a wrong song would play !!! For example , you would plug in letter F but the toy would play B , etc. . Changing batteries did not help . What a waste of time .
 I agree with a previous reviewer ... I also bough 2 of these and returned both . The A said C on both sets -LRB- bought from 2 different stores -RRB- . I am going to buy a 3rd one and test all the letters at the store prior to purchasing .
 The boys love it , we received it as a gift yesterday and on the fridge it went . I just found my 3 months old stainless steel fridge full of scratches . NOT GOOD : -LRB-
 This is the first Amazon purchase that has been a BIG disappointment . It was used but DIRTY and unusable as is .
 I had the same problem others did , it only recognized the letter `` E '' and everything else was identified as `` F '' or a ding noise . I 'm taking it back .
 As a child development specialist , I see that this toy has very little to almost NO educational value for any preschool age child -LRB- 5 and under -RRB- . Parents , the best way for your children to learn to read is by READING to them . Stories with rich vocabulary , rhymes , and interesting content are the most important avenue for reading readiness . A kindergartener will learn letter sounds within a few weeks when he/she is ready . There is no need to start early . The first five years are for building that vocabulary and learning grammatical structures ! Reading includes much more than just phonics . Comprehension of the language is far more important . Consider how you may be able to `` read '' a paragraph in French , but can you answer , `` What happened ? '' , `` Why ? '' and `` What might happen next ? '' . Have your child play with blocks , playdough , and pretend play activities to expand their conceptual -LRB- colors , sizes etc. -RRB- and language skills while they are preschoolers !! Also , a toy that does everything for a child does not encourage them to use their problem solving or creative skills . Do n't forget , the best thing you can do is to get down on the floor and play with your child . You are his/her best language model . Above all , READ to your child ! Plus , mechanical music is just plain annoying !
 Like a lot of people now with stainless fridges , we do n't have the magnetic stainless , so my best option is to give the kids a cookie sheet to try to stick it all to ... we still continually had missing letters everywhere , which is bad if you have computers or ipads around the house , cameras , etc. . magnets will wipe data . Aaack ! If we had a fridge for it all to stay on -LRB- which ... I hate to day ... would not thrill me ... I thought I would miss all the pics on the old fridge but stuff always fell / knocked off , and now I have it all in a display area by the fridge , as easy to see but easier to keep neat -RRB- , and our kid had n't already learned the abc 's prior to receiving as a gift , it might have been fine , we do like many of the other leap frog brand items . It took me 4 months to find 90 % of the letters to donate , I hated to donate without all the letters !
 We were very excited by this toy -- or at least , by the idea of the toy . We have friends who bought a similar product from a different company and they love theirs . But when we got ours in the mail and set it up on the frig ... it did n't work . No matter what letter we put into the box , the machine said ` E ' the sound this letter makes is ` E ' . Worse than useless ... . Downright waste of money and brain power . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I ordered this toy and for some reason it was never delivered to me , but Amazon claimed I returned it saying I did n't want it ... I am not sure what happened , but I was very disappointed with the situation . Amazon corrected the mistake so I hope all is well .
 very hard to understand . so loud in the morning when you are trying to get kids ready and no one is listening
 I 'm being stingy with my stars for the review of this toy , not because it is a poor toy - it 's not . My daughter loves it and plays with it often and , having just turned 2 , loves singing along with the tunes.My problem is that our fridge phonics did not have all 26 letters ; they had 2 G 's and no S. My 4-year-old is bummed that he ca n't spell his name . But when I contacted LeapFrog support , their reply was `` sorry , you 'll have to return the whole thing , with the receipt , to the location at which it was purchased . '' Well , it was a gift , purchased in another state , so that 's not possible , and it 's galling that we ca n't just get a replacement S. I 've had excellent luck with LeapFrog in the past , but this is really disappointing .
 I bought this product -LRB- as well as the Farm magnet set -RRB- for my 15-month-old granddaughter for Christmas and was devastated to find that a few of the letters elicited the wrong recording altogether ! Also , very often , when removing and replacing the same letter rapidly , a wrong sound recording would play the second time for many different letters . I ca n't let her play with it at all , because I never know when it will teach her the wrong information ! I tried replacing the batteries , but that was n't the problem . Did n't bother replacing it , because I ca n't very well undo the whole set in the store and test each letter , which was the only way I discovered this.I have to say , the farm toy works fine , although I 'd prefer it to simply name the animals . I replaced the letters set with plain old alphabet magnets , but I am really disappointed in Leapfrog and probably will shy away from this brand in the future . All I can say is , test each letter carefully before you leave your little ones to learn that `` E '' says `` Kkk '' and is the letter `` K '' !
 The letters are all wrong !!!! For instance , it keeps telling my boy that a ` T ' is a ` W ' . I 'm wossing iw in whe wrash .
 I have several of the Leap Frog Products and this one was the worst . As we took it out of the box and started putting in the letters the hand held toy would say the wrong letter . After putting in all 26 letters only a handful of the letters were identified correctly by the toy . My poor 3 year , old who knows his letters , was getting confused when he put in the letter E and the toy said `` G '' . We just packed up the toy and returned it for a totally different new toy . I was told by several other Mom 's that there Leap Frog Fridge Phonics Magnetic Letter Set did the same thing . Buyer beware . Stick with the Phonics Radio by Leap Frog !
 I have a friend whose child 's Fridge Phonics Magnetic Letter Set works great . Ours refers to most letters as an E or an F any letter after L it just makes a digging sound . I have ensured that the buttons are n't stuck , so I know that is n't the problem . I know my son enjoys this toy as he has played with it before . I am just frustrated that I have to drive 30 minutes to exchange it.My advice is to test it before you leave the store even though you should n't have to .
 I bought one of these for my two year old son thinking that it would be a great learning toy . He had about a week before I noticed that some of the letters were saying they were another letter . I wrapped it back up , brought it to the store for an exchange and when I got home and opened the second one the same thing happened . Out of the 11 letters I tried only 4 gave the correct letter . I do not recommened this toy for anyone and if you do make sure that you check all of the letters before letting your child play and be taught the wrong alphabet !
 This is a big disappointment !! When we set it up , 16 of the letters give the wrong response . In example , my 3 year old put the letter `` T '' in and it said `` L says ... '' So we tried the letter H . It said `` I says ... `` It was so pathetic that my 3 year old said ... `` It is broken . '' and then walked away . We tried new batteries and still it gave the wrog responses . Some letters had no response at all , just a beep.When you see this product from LeapFrog , jump to a different toy !
 This toy drains batteries like a digital camera . My 2-year old son got the toy for his 2nd birthday and played with it a lot the first day . He even figured out how to turn it on and off . By the 3rd day this toy 's batteries were dead . We replaced them and a day later they were dead again . My son still likes to play with the magnetic letters and move them around our refrigerator , but keeping up the battery maintenance was impossible . We were replacing them several times a week .
 Go instead with the Leap Frog Phonics Radio which is a terrific toy.The magnetic letters on the Fridge Phonics Magnetic Letter Set do n't make good contact with the `` reader '' and the sound is either absent , or it reads out the wrong sound for that letter!It was a good idea , but very poorly executed by Leap Frog . A total waste of money .
 My 2 year old immediately starting playing with this set and has continued to do so over the next 4 months . The problem is that at least half of the letters played the incorrect sound . For example a `` C '' would say it was a `` K '' etc. . I hid all the letters that played incorrectly .
 I do n't know if our local retailer got a bad batch of these or what , but we purchased 2 of these sets -LRB- and returned two -RRB- because the base was mixing up the letters . -LRB- D = F etc. , etc. -RRB- My preschooler was so disappointed.This is the third Leapfrog product we have had major problems with . Does anyone else have problems with Leapfrog ?
 I bought this product for my 2 year old son ... when I unpacked the set and began to use it we discovered that 15 of the letters made the wrong sounds ! I took it back and I have no intention of buying another one ... I do n't want my son to learn that O makes an `` s '' sound , etc. .
 Unfortunately we did n't get the `` sunshine '' one we wanted , the one we put on the wish list . My son is scared of dogs and the barking makes him upset . Wish we would have received the one pictured on Amazon !
 My child loves this toy . My advice is to comparison shop . This particular retailer is more than double other retailers .
 We bought this for our two year old and after a couple days of playing I looked at one of our fridge doors and there are scratches ALL over it . If it 's dark in the room you ca n't see the scratches but as soon as the light shines in the kitchen they stand out like a soar thumb . It 's a fun toy but only for fridges that are n't stainless !! I 'm so frustrated !!
 I bought this for my kids and after an hour I could n't take the noise this toy makes any longer ! I feel that Fisher Price makes better toys that make more tolerable sounds - this toy has an annoying voice and song . I think the best method for learning the alphabet is sitting down and learning wit an actual person , not a loud , annoying toy . I am going to concentrate on buying wooden toys from this point on .
 I bought this after having several friends tell me that it was wonderful for their kids . I brought it home and opened it to find out that half the letters did n't work , and the ones that did work , made the wrong sound . ie . you put the `` C '' in and it says `` F says fffff '' . I had to return it 4 times before I got one that worked properly.Now , since I JUST got one that worked , my daughter has n't tried it . I have heard alot of good things about it so I will try it with her . Just be aware when you buy it that it might not work , and you might be teaching your child Leap Frog 's new phonetical language !!
 Too bad the lowest rating is 1 star , because it deserves no stars . One of every three letters was wrong . I wonder how many parents take the time to look at this learning toy . Do you want your child confusing 1/3 of the alphabet ? When my son put the X into the thing , it said , `` T '' . I was alarmed , so I put each of the letters in , finding a whopping 9 pieces that were wrong ! I repeated the test with the same results . There are fresh batteries in the toy too . I 'm appalled that this item is not recalled .
 I guess I should have looked closer at all of the pictures , including the ones at the bottom of the description . I just saw the ones at the top in the main list of pictures and saw the lowercase letters . That 's the whole reason I ordered it . The one I got is all uppercase . I guess that 's what mean by `` styles may vary '' ? Teaching uppercase letters only , or primarily , can cause serious reading delays and issues . Most letters in reading and writing are lowercase and lowercase letters should be the focus for teaching letters initially . Going to see if another store has this with the lowercase version that I can exchange , or I 'll have to send it back to Amazon . Bummed .
 WHAT IS UP WITH THIS PRICE !! I had this item in my cart for $ 14.99 , then got a message 2 days ago it had gone up to $ 15.99 since placing it in my cart , now I see it is $ 76.00 !!!! WHAT THE ... ???!!! I guess I should have hurried up and checked out before the 400 % price increase . THANKS , BUT NO THANKS !!!
 I bought this toy and was all excited . I grabbed my son and brought him to the fridge only to watch him put the `` N '' in and hear it say `` Y '' . Safe to say I quickly boxed it up and returned it . It 's hard enough trying to teach a child without confusing them . I also bought the other Leap Frog 3 word speller for the fridge but I did n't even bother opening it . They are the same principle and obviously I 'm not the only person that 's had this problem . I highly do not recommend this toy , but I do love most of Leap Frog 's toys , just not this one .
 We received this as an Easter gift , and it stopped working in 30 minutes after my toddler accidentally dropped it on the floor from 1.5 feet off the refridgerator . We called Leapfrog to see if they would replace it , but they would not due to the possibility of `` abuse '' on the toy . Well , anyone that has a toddler knows that they are not gentle with toys , so if the craftmenship is inadequate , the toy will break . We will not buy from Leapfrog in the future .
 We received this as a gift , but unfortunately the `` F '' said `` S '' , and the `` D '' said `` A '' . We brought it back to the store , and they said they had a lot of these returned for the same reason . Our Nephew has one , and seems to work OK . Very nice concept , I just wish it worked better .
 My son received this as a gift . We opened it and it did n't work . It said the wrong letters . After trying the alcohol trick -LRB- did n't work ! -RRB- I exchanged it and the second one had the same problem . I read the reviews on here and one of them said to use tweezers to pull out the tabs . I looked and sure enough , one of them was stuck . After alot of poking and tweezing , I finally got it unstuck . It 's been working fine this evening . Hopefully it will continue .
 I purchased this for my granddaughter . When she started playing with it , I quickly discovered about 10 of the letters played the wrong sound , for example , if you put the `` A '' in , it says the letter `` C '' . I am returning this product as I think this will be very confusing to a toddler trying to learn the alphabet .
 For anyone interested in purchasing this game , it 's just not worth it for little kids who might be the ones more interested in it . We bought it for our daughter , who turned five this year . The object of the game is to take twelve cards out of the deck . There are three rounds of play . The first round you can say anything to get your teammates to guess the character on the card . In the second round you can say only one word -LRB- which is okay as long as you do n't have a teammate that says something like bird for Pinnochio LOL -RRB- . The third round you have to act out the card without using words . Some of the characters are obscure and the kids wo n't be able to guess them or act them out for that matter . Whoever is at the farthest point of the board by the end of the twelve cards wins . The kids of course will want to go to the end of the board but that would use up most of the cards and makes it a one shot play . I ca n't see us playing this one over and over again . The timer might drive you crazy as well .
 I found to have similar problems with Disney Charades as I did with Disney Trivia ... There was just a generation lost in this game ... I remember getting really frustrated when I was 9 -LRB- or 10 -RRB- and not knowing what the character I was trying to be was ... . I know it would be too easy if it were just characters like Pooh or Mickey Mouse or Belle , but seriously who is going to remember who Jasper is -LRB- Jasper is the crook from 101 Dalmations by the way . . -RRB- and what little kid would know who Steamboat Willie is or that Horse character -LRB- ca n't remember his name -RRB- ... It became known as the game that never ended -LRB- kind of like Monopoly ... only in this case it would be because know one would be able to guess correctly . . -RRB- . Thumbs down , Disney , thumbs down ... NOTE
 I am extremely disappointed in this product . Growing up with Care Bears , I was excited to introduce them to my 3 year old daughter . This toy , however , is not worth the money . You have to press really hard to get the figures to stay in the cars and then the cars do n't even stay on the ferris wheel as it is spinning . The music is also very , very loud and choppy . Overall , a very annoying and overpriced toy .
 I bought this toy for my 2 year old thinking she would really like it . WEll ... The thing completely falls apart when you turn the wheel . Very frustrating . The music it plays is cute , but other than that , it 's so not worth -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- .
 I thought this toy was so cute in the store , I gave it to my 3 yr old daughter this Christmas 2 days ago and we do n't like it at all . The cloud seats fall off all the time and where is the 4th bear ?? That 's so weird ! I am debating whether to sell it on ebay or just send it to the salvation army . Waste of money !
 My daughter got this toy for Christmas this year . She is a very advanced 15 month old . Since the recommended age starts at 18 mos , I figured it would be a good toy for her . However , the cloud seats fall off CONSTANTLY . She gets easily frustrated because the Bears stay in well , but when she tries to pick them up again , the whole seat comes off ! This toy would be A LOT better if they made the clouds so they could n't come off . I dont see why they even have to come off !! May be a good match for an older child -LRB- over 3 -RRB- who is very gentle and patient . A big disappointment , especially for the price !
 I have 3 kids . I bought this toy last year for Christmas . It is really loud , the clouds keep coming off and the bears are hard to keep on the clouds . My kids never play with it anymore .
 My 4 yr . old daughter who is obsessed with Care Bears got this for Christmas . My daughter lives and breathes the care bears but has absolutely zero interest in this toy ! Like other reviewers have said , the cloud seats come off constantly . Once you get the clouds back on -LRB- which takes a fair amount of dexterity -RRB- , then you have to really push the care bears down hard to get them to stay on right , and , in doing this , the cloud cars come off again ! The other downer is that the music only plays when the toy is turned manually - maybe it 's just me , but it just makes it so unappealing when the music stops the instant you stop turning it . Really only worth about half the price .
 My daughter received this toy for her birthday last year , and has yet to even play with it as a ferris wheel . The clouds keep falling off , and the bears do not stay on well at all . My daughter prefers to play with the bears by themselves , and the ferris wheel has been relocated to the bottom of her toy box , completely unused . We could have saved the money and bought her the individual bears to play , atleast then she would have used the toy for what it was intended . It is also too loud , with no possible volumn except offensive ! I would n't waste my money on this toy .
 I am SOOO extremely disappointed in this toy . We bought this for our 3 yr old daughter for christmas and it is a complete waste of money . While the sounds are good you can not touch the thing let alone play with it without it falling apart . The castle tops are not made to stay on so when our daughter puts the bears thru the openings below the tops fall right off . The swing on the side does n't stay on at all either . She would rather just take the little figurines and play with them elsewhere , with other toys than with the castle . Very cheap and even more disappointing !!!!
 I also made the mistake of purchasing this for my daughter for this past Christmas . She and my niece had been wanting it since they first saw it . I really wish I would have used my head and checked the reviews here before I even opened the box , I definitely would have returned it . The tops seem to fall off if you jiggle it . The bridge is always coming off . The swing falls off every time a slight breeze passes by . Ok so that was a bit of an exaggeration but it is very poorly made for the cost . My daughter is nearly 3 and my niece is 5 and they ca n't get the bears to stay on the pieces either , they end up so frustrated I have to find them something else to do . The other day , my daughter took the swing and threw it in the trash can . I asked her why she did that and her reply was `` It 's just broken junk Mommy ! . '' It 's so disappointing too , because it looks really cute . Shame on the people who designed this
 My daughter received the castle for Christmas . She has fallen in love with the Care Bears so my husband and I thought it would be a great gift . She plays with it but it falls apart the whole time and I get called more times than I want to come put the swing back on . It would be a great toy if it would be made more durable for younger children . My daughter will be 3 soon and this toy will still be frustrating for her . I would not recommend this toy .
 Horrible toy !!!!! My daughter has a lot of Toys ... yes , we are Toys R Us addicts and I must say this is the worst toy I 've ever brought home . I took it back right away . everything your reading is true about it . It 's junk ... just horrible.Light a match to $ ... You 'll get more joy out of it .
 I wish I would have read these reviews before Christmas ! I just decided to check them now to see if anyone was having the same problems we were . Of course they were.I bought this for my 2year old daughter because she loves the care bears ! What a big disappointment & waste of money ! Like the other reviewers said the castle tops dont stay on , the swing snaps off , the slide doesnt stay in place and its hard for a toddler to snap in the care bears . I threw out the box or this would have went right back ! My daughter keeps asking me for the directions on how to play this ! Too bad there are none . This is taking up space so unfortunately it is going in the garbage !
 this toy was a big dissapointment , it was expensive and of no educational value whatsoever , every time you so much as touch this toy it basically falls apart , a 3 year old will not bother with this toy at all
 after seeing numerous commercials my 21/2 year old asked for this toy which she got as a present - she loves playing with the care bear figures but do n't waste your money on this toy - its not even that its not worth the money , it just is n't fun - the castle tops fall off , the care bears do n't stay on the little pegs , the sound effects are totally lame , the swing falls off , there 's really no room on it to play - my daughter was sooo excited when she unwrapped this gift but has had no interest in it since as she 's discovered all its faultswe do have wish bear 's little house which is a little better - it has a couple chairs to sit in , a little stove , a little fridge - still not great but better built , more fun and more worth the money
 Let 's just say the ONLY thing this has going for it is the constant advertisements . That is what is sucking the kids in . I read the reviews , and did n't want to purchase this , but it was what my 3 yr . old asked Santa for ... and the commercial is the only thing she has ever seen of the care bears . So I bought it . It is such a piece of garbage . Even my 3 year old gets frustrated in it constantly falling apart . She has fun the first 10 minutes , and then , after knocking off the tops of the castle , and the swing -LRB- why did they even bother -RRB- she gets mad and moves to the next toy . Even after you read the reviews you do n't get what a pain this toy is until you buy it !
 The pieces do not fit well and fall off quite easily . It 's interesting for the little ones for a few minutes , but that 's all . It does n't really do much , either . It takes batteries but plays the same little chime regardless of what part on the toy is activated/played with . A waste of batteries , too . This was a gift . If I had purchased it myself , I would have already taken it back and used the money for a better toy .
 This was my 4 yr old ddaughters number one toy on her Christmas wish list , she played with it about 10 minutes and came to me and said the tv lied to her and the castle was no fun at all . she said I could give it away to some one who does not have any toys . I still have it 4 months later and it is still sitting on the same shelsf I left it Christmas day .
 My 41/2 yr old daughter had this one as her very first choice on her Christmas wish list . She got it , we opened it and within 5 minutes she came to me and said mom , the commercial lied to me , this is no fun at all . She then told me that I could give it to a kid that did not get very much for Christmas , maybe they would like it ! I still have it but she has not played with it since Chrismas day . As everyone has already said it comes apart , but that would generally not have bothered my daughter , it seems that all of her castle or house toys seem to come apart and she just goes along with it , but this one was just to boring to her . Luckily she also recieved the My Little Pony Castle and she just loves that one so she was not to disapointed .
 My five year old loves care bears . She put this on her wish list for a LONG time . For the money it cost , it was NOT worth it . It does not stay together and it makes a mess to clean up . She likes to carry her doll houses and things around from room to room . With this , you can not . It falls a part . Some of the Care Bears do not even fit in what they are supposed to very well . I was very dissappointed and so was my daughter . On the carpet , the bridge does n't even stay on .
 My daughter really loves care bears.This set is not worth the price , but my daughter loves it anyway.The swing is hard for her -LRB- and Me ! -RRB- to re-attach . The figurines are also hard to place on pegs for a 3 year old as well.I really have to push them down hard.She loves the little figurines and the sounds and just the fact that it 's `` Care Bears '' . Disapointed in the way it 's made , Seems cheap.Husband wanted to return .
 I bought this for my girls for Christmas and am promptly returning it tomorrrow . Nothing stays in place and the bears barely fit in the castle . It 's as if the toy company said , `` Hey , this looks really cute ! Who cares if it does n't work right ! The kids will beg for it cause it LOOKS so cool ! `` I 'm going out tomorrow to buy more Little People toys . They are the best !!! Do n't waste your time and money on this castle .
 We bought this for our 3 year old daughter 2 weeks ago . She was allowed to pick anything -LRB- within reason -RRB- at the toy store for her success in potty training . She saw the commerical for this earlier that day and was determined to get it . It comes in a sealed box so that you ca n't see how cheap it really is until you get it home . The batteries wore out within a week -LRB- it ca n't be tried in the store due to packing -RRB- . It 's flimsy , the swing that attaches to the side always falls off , the care bears do n't fit into the slots that are made for them without shoving them down , the castle tops just rest on top they do n't snap in so they 're always falling off . It was way over priced for this complete lack of quality . The bears are usually all my daughter plays with anymore and we 've only had it 2 weeks . Bottom line - I would have returned it if my husband did n't throw the box away prematurely . I do n't usually take the time out to write reviews but I hoped to stop another person from wasting money on this too . You can get a lot of other high quality toys for $ 40 .
 My daughter loves the Care Bears , so when her birthday came around this year , this was one of the things I knew she would love . Grandma actually bought it for her & my daughter was very exicted & wanted to play with it first . Well , the fun ended once it was out of the box . Like others have said , it 's poorly made . Things fall apart very easily & when our daughter plays with it , mommy & daddy always have to fix things on it . Finally my daughter just got so tired of trying to mess with it that she basically stopped playing with it after a couple weeks & now just plays with the bears without the castle . It could have been a great toy if only the company had taken the time to make the castle sturdy . For the price it sells for I figured it would be of better quality . I was obviously wrong .
 i bought this for my daughter who loves care bears . the tops of the castle do not stay on and the swing and rainbow bridge do not work either . i believe this would be a waste of money . I was very unhappy with this purchase
 I wish I would have read this before having my parents by this piece of junk for my daughter 's 3rd birthday . Agreeing with many of the 78 posters above me , the swing falls off , the castle tops tip over constantly , the posts are a hard for her to manuver and the bears are oversized for many of the rooms of the castle . I really do n't see how any 3 year old could play with this for very long without completely demolishing it or becoming totally frustrated !
 This toy was a gift for my two year old . It was poorly made . The age category was 18 mo and up . There is no way an 18 month old would n't destroy this toy . Nothing snaps together , it just sits on top of one another . The swing falls off when you push it , the bridge falls off , the bears dont fit securely , the `` sliding door '' doesnt work , and the bears dont pop out the door when they go down the slide . My daughter was so excited when i assembled it and very disappointed when it kept falling apart , she thought she broke it . This toy is going back to the store - whether I can get it back into the box or not.They never would have made toys this poorly when I was a kid .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas because it was the only thing she asked Santa for , and hey , who does n't want to get their child their Christmas wish ? I bought it even though I could tell just by looking at it that it was cheaply made and that it had next to no play value . And guess what ? That 's exactly what I got . My daughter was eager to get it out of the box , but she played with it for only a few minutes before abandoning it for better quality toys . Next year , Santa will try to talk her out of worthless garbage and into toys she 'll actually have fun playing with .
 I bought this for my daughter today and am very disappointed . I had exchanged a present she got double of for this as she wanted it . We were excited putting it together but that wore off very quick . The towers should snap in place , they do n't . The bridge does n't connect at all . You ca n't try it out because of the packaging in the store , TOO BAD , as I went to all the trouble of driving to the store , getting my daughter 's hopes up , putting it together , and it was defective and would n't do a thing . No lights , no sounds , nothing !!! Now I have to make another trip to the store to try and return it-good thing I did n't rip the box . It is definitely not worth $ 40.00 .
 I PURCHASED 2 CARE BEAR CASTLES EACH FOR MY GRANDSONS ONLY TO BE DISAPPOINTED . THERE ARE A NUMBERS OF PIECES THAT JUST SIT ON TOP AND EASILY FALL OFF . THE SWING DOES NOT STAY ON AND I DO N'T WANT TO APPLY TOO MUCH PRESSURE FOR FEAR THAT IT WILL BREAK . FOR THE AMOUNT OF $ $ $ I SPENT ON THESE ITEMS I FEEL SHOULD HAVE BEEN MORE CHILD FRIENDLY -LRB- ONE SOLID PIECE -RRB- . LUCKILY ONLY ONE OF THE BOXES WERE OPENED -LRB- THE BOX WAS DESTROYED THRU THE OPENING PROCESS -RRB- . I PLAN TO RETURN THE OTHER IN HOPES OF REPLACING THE TOY WITH SOMETHING MADE BETTER .
 My 2 year old received this from her grandparents for Christmas . Luckily she is too young to be disappointed . The toy does n't stay together at all ! The Care Bears do n't fit into the slide or stay on the pegs meant to hold them . The only positive thing about this toy is that it is cute to look at and my daughter uses the Care Bear figurines to play with her Fisher-Price Little People .
 You can buy the care bears on their own and the fisher-price castle is MUCH if not a hundred times better . The Little People castle . As for the parents who obviously disliked the negative reviews , you do not need to verbally attack the children of other parents , because this toy is a piece of garbage does not make our children unintelligant . Nice try trying to make your child seem like Einstein . Doubtful ... Does n't everyone think their kids are the cutest , smartest creatures ?!
 the toy falls apart when playing with to it just comes apart
 this toy is horrible ! i bought it my 4 year old and the items on the Castle keep falling apart . THIS TOY IS HORRIBLE DO N'T EVEN BOTHER WITH IT ! IT 'S A PIECE OF S H I T !
 I bought this toy last year for Christmas and it 's about that time again and I just wanted to discourage everyone from buying it ! We were so angry when putting it together that my husband wanted to write a letter to the manufacturer . The cost for quality was unbelievable . This is MAYBE a $ 15 toy for which you will more than twice that ! Read the reviews , it 's all true ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My daughter desparately wanted this last Christmas and so it goes we ordered it as there was no local store who carried it . None of the castle `` tops '' lock into place so they keep falling off . The swing worked about 1 hour and has since found it 's place laying on the floor next to the castle . The toy was played with approximately 4 times since last Christmas . My 3 year old -LRB- at the time -RRB- was not at all impressed . For the money , you would be better off getting ANYTHING from Melissa & Doug collection .
 This would have been awesome if it did n't fall apart in every way . My daughter was so excited when she got it , it 's colorful and has fun features . But it falls apart to the point of being unusable . It makes her so mad . Considering the cost , DO NOT BUY .
 There are a ton of pieces that keep falling off of this toy . I found it to be a hassle with my daughter constantly asking me to put something back together . Eventually the toy and all of its pieces got lost or thrown in the back of the closet .
 I thought I assembled the toy incorrectly because the castle tops kept falling off ! I would not buy this toy again . It was too expensive , the pieces come off too easily when my daughter -LRB- who is 3 -RRB- plays with it , and the bears do n't easily fit into the swing . The only positive thing I can say about it is that my 18 month old loves to bang the castle tops together !
 I bought this for my little girls birthday , and was extremely dissapointed . For 40.00 , I expected to get something that was higher quality . The tops of the castle do not stay in place , the swing falls off constantly , and the rainbow bridge falls off . It is very cheapy and not at all as fun as it looks . Do n't waste your hard earned money on something that is n't worth half of what it 's priced for .
 we bought this toy for our 2 year old daughter for easter.all the parts fall off they do not snap together . the bridge does not fit , falls right off . the care bears get stuck going down the slide . -LRB- ... -RRB- my daughter hates it . do not waste your money !
 I read all of the reviews and saw that many people said it was n't durable . Bought it anyway since my daughter HAD to have it . The castle tops do NOT snap in even though the directions say to snap them in . Fall off as soon as the toy is touched . The swing never stays on . Daughter was annoyed with it after 5 minutes . Only thing worthwhile are the figures . Biggest waste -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The product is n't even worth half the money they want . You spend every 2 minutes putting it back together for your kids . One the worst investments in toys i 've ever made .
 My girls love care bears ! I was wondering if I put this together wrong . None of the pieces stay on . The tops of the castle , the swing , the slide and the bridge . It 's all over the place ! No fun at all for my kids .
 My 2.5 daughter received this for Christmas from her Grammy . She had been talking about it for months and was so excited to open it . The tops come off for easy access to the castle , and she was able to put them back on okay by herself . But any little touch made them fall over , and I almost broke my hand trying to get the swing back on ! The balloon 's basket was way too small to put a bear in , and this is just made very cheap compared to her smaller Care Bear sets . So , we exchanged it for the Care Bears Ferris Wheel , which is much more fun for her . However , she kept asking where her castle was , so when I came across the new Lil ' Kingdom Castle for Little People by Fisher-Price , we got that . It was HALF the price of the C.B. castle , and is 100 % more fun and durable . Plus , she can find a place for all 16 members of her growing Care Bear family on the F-P castle ! Hope this helps you all !
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas - she was 41/2 . I took it back to the store . I had to fix it every 2 minutes . All the parts kept coming off and she did not like playing with it that way . For her it had to all be together . I could have `` hot glued the pieces on '' but that instructions actually said to `` snap '' the towers into place . Once it was gone , she did n't even ask for it again . She also got the ferris wheel , which she still plays with . But the pieces for that fall off all the time too . With that though , she can at least just hook them back on .
 If I were the manufacturer/designer of this toy , I would be sooooo ashamed . I spent most of Christmas morning 2003 explaining to my 4 year old that it was not broke , it just comes this way . Every part of it just falls apart , none of it even snaps together so it will stay for awhile . The heart door on the middle section would not stay shut after two days of minimal play , and the swing never stays on at all . The turrets -LRB- pink roofs -RRB- on the castles fall off if you touch the toy at all . I dislike that I have to give this toy one star , they need to include 0 stars as an option for junk like this .
 I recently bought this toy for my daughter 's third birthday . The overall quality is very poor . The castle requires adult assistance in order for the child to attatch the care bears to their different `` posts '' on the castle . The size of the castle was also disappointing -LRB- too small -RRB- . My daughter lost interest within 10 minutes and has n't played with it since .
 My firends and I are EXTREMELY disappointed with this game . The DVD is basically useless . If Hasbro would have been willing to pay some royalties they could have used actual movie and video clips which would have made this game fun . Instead they use horrible graphics with still photos or Scrabble type words to get you to guess the answer . Meanwhile they flash the answer too quickly for any kind of team play and you can not pause the DVD at all.If you still want to buy this , I will sell you mine since I will not be using it again .
 The game itself is pretty fun , but the DVD has some problems . We played the game twice and ended up with the same questions popping up on the dvd within the same game . There is only one box of cards to play with and we repeated on these also . Needs more variety , more cards , and a better system with the DVD . The concept is good , just needs some work . I 'll stick with Genus IV or 20th Anniversary Edition .
 This game is really lame . We could n't even use the DVD because after the first question in each category , it just kept repeating the same questions . So we just played it the old-fashioned way , using the cards . But why pay extra for the DVD edition , then ? -LRB- Someone said that if you 're playing on a cheaper DVD player , that might happen . But I do n't think I should have to go out and buy a new DVD player just to play this game . -RRB- Not only that , but the questions we did get to see on the DVD were n't all that great . At least a couple of them were just questions , no video clips , no musical hints , nothing that would require them to be on a DVD as opposed to on a card . For example , `` What two words make up the word modem ? '' and `` What musical instrument does Lucy Liu play ? '' I expected to see things on the DVD that you would n't get in the regular version.Very disappointed .
 We received this as a gift , and were quite excited to play it as a family . The first time through was great - we especially enjoyed the fact that after a point , all players could jump in on the `` wedge '' questions . HOWEVER , we did see shades of the problem that would become truly TIRESOME by the second time we played it - the repetition of the questions on the DVD . Honestly , by the second time we played it , there were so many questions we 'd seen before that we never even finished the game and swore to never play it again . I am in the process of returning it to Hasbro .
 The idea of the DVD is a great idea . The first game we played we had a blast . You use the DVD in place of the cards when you are trying to get your piece of pie . The game pieces are really fun . They are 3d pieces of a lava lamp , cassette , joystick , and cell phone . After only two games we found the the dvd started to repeat itself and ask the same questions over and over . The instructions say to go back to the menu on the dvd and select the catagory again to get a new question . We found ourselves having to do this five times in order to get a new question . It is a great idea but $ 40 dollars is pretty steep for only two to three games of original questions . Also , they only give you one box of questions . On a positive note , the game pieces are really fun and novell .
 this game is no fun at all . the dvd is very disappointing , cheap graphics and not very inviting to even play the game . the same questions pop up on the dvd so many times ... no fun at all . we played it once and put it away ... awful game , do n't buy it . `` scene it '' is supposed to be better but we have n't tried it yet .
 My husband and I purchased this game 6 days ago , have played it every night since , and are now completely out of new questions . Even the questions on the DVD are starting to repeat . I am very disappointed in this product , as the lack of questions has rendered this game useless to us .
 My boyfriend and I invited two friends over to our house after purchasing this game . We played one full game full of reminiscing and laughter . A few days later we sat down just the two of us to play again and to our horror we had already been through 90 % of the DVD questions ! We spent -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- on this game and basically got to enjoy it once ! This game was , in our opinion , a waste of money .
 I bought this game with high hopes for the DVD Interaction -LRB- especially after purchasing Scene It -RRB- . All they did was make the `` piece '' question on DVD . They , to my disappoinment , really did not * use * the DVD capabilities .
 The lameness of the DVD portion of this game is actually shocking to me . I love Trivial Pursuit . I could n't believe that they would put such a shoddy product out there . It looks like crap , the questions are really retarded -LRB- many of them given away by the end -RRB- , and the first -LRB- and only -RRB- game we played resulted in MANY , MANY repeated questions . If I see that clip from Animal House EVER again , I may go mad . It came up no less than 10 times in one hour . What were they thinking ???? We returned the game the next day .
 As a Trivial Pursuit player of many years I was very excited to play the game with the DVD twist . The first time my friends and I played the game was all that I expected , and more . We had so much fun we played again the following night , but got so frustrated about one third of the way trough the game we had to quit . The questions on the DVD started to repeat , and we found ourselves going through five of the questions that we had answered the night before to get to a new question . This did not happen in just one category , but every category . The Hasbro site tells you to hit the MENU button if the question is a repeat , but the DVD did not allow us to stop a question once it had been started , leaving us watching about five minutes of repeats before we could get to a new question . Another problem was that there are not many playing cards provided , we went through half of the deck on the first night . I would suggest saving the -LSB- money -RSB- , and the frustration and wait for an improved version to come out .
 The DVD questions in the `` to win '' section repeated themselves during the FIRST time my wife and I played this game ! I seems as if the folks at Parker Brothers never played this game more than one time , or they would know that the DVD is rendered useless after the first one or two games . Is n't the DVD the reason you go out and buy this version ??? Other than that , Trivial pursuit is a great game as always , but this DVD version is a real LOSER.Go out and buy Trivial Pursuit - just not the DVD Pop Culture game ...
 My husband and I purchased this game 6 days ago , have played it every night since , and are now completely out of new questions . Even the questions on the DVD are starting to repeat . I am very disappointed in this product , as the lack of questions has rendered this game useless to us .
 This has the potential to be a fun game . The first time I played it , it was great , but the second time we had almost every pie question on the DVD repeated and you ca n't skip past the one 's you 've already answered . After playing the game for the 3rd time we had already been through the entire box of cards . This game only has one dvd and one box of cards that wo n't last through three full games . This was a big waste of money for a game I only got to play three times .
 I thought this game would be fun and interesting for us pop culture trivia geeks but it was stupid ! Firstly , you ca n't skip around on the DVD so you are stuck in one place the entire time . Secondly , the questions are less than should be expected . I would go for the good ole fashion board game before investing in this .
 I DONT LIKE THIS GAME AT ALL!YES IT IS EDUCATIONALBUT NOT FOR A KID THIS IS FOR 16 + AGEWHEN I FIRST SAW IT IT SEEMED GOOD BUT THEN I PLAYED IT AND ... SPLAT ITS BAD!I WOULD NOT BUY THIS UNLES YOU ARE 16 OVER
 Reading the reviews plus the fact that you can only play this game once - it definitely does not deserve that many stars .
 Bought the game at Wal-Mart on special -LRB- $ 26 -RRB- and thought the DVD aspect of the game would be really cool . My 2 teens , husband and I hated it . We struggled through one game that took 3 hours to complete . We were miserable ! Enjoyed an older version of this game , but the questions on this one include references to baseball players wife swapping , playboy , negative slant on questions about Bill O-Reilly -LRB- game is not for conservatives -RRB- . One question on naked photos of Laura Slesinger -LRB- sp . -RRB- was also ridiculous , and we did n't need to know that particular trivia existed!The questions and answers are poorly written as well.I went through every question in this game over the holiday -LRB- due to foot surgery had lots of time on my `` hands '' ! -RRB- . I took a black marker and deleted all the sexually offensive questions from each card . Here are the stats
 Big dissapointment . Trivial Pursuit is our favorite game and we love to keep up with pop culture , but we will probably never play this game again . The questions are really off the wall and you ca n't play twice without getting the same video questions . Played with several groups of people - parents -LRB- in their 50 's -RRB- and friends in their 20 's - no one liked the game .
 My boyfriend and I recently bought the Trivial Pursuit Pop Culture DVD game and had a great time playing it when we brought it home.However , we went to play it again about a week later , and all of the questions on the DVD were the same questions we were asked the first time we played.Although they were in a different order , we already knew the answers to the questions.The game is a great idea , however we are extremely disappointed that we could only play it one time.We payed -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- for this game and were hoping it would be a fun game we could play for a long time.Dont get me wrong , we enjoyed the game the firt time we played , but we would have liked to play it again .
 DO NOT BUY THIS GAME . THE CARDS ARE OK , HOWEVER THE DVD REPEATS QUESTIONS OVER AND OVER . THERE IS NO STRATEGY TO WIN WHEN YOU ALREADY KNOW THE ANSWER . AFTER THE SECOND TIME PLAYING WE SAW QUESTIONS THAT WE HAD ALREADY ANSWERED . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME FOR ANYONE .
 This is basically the same game with a useless DVD thats used only a fraction of the time during the game . Believe me , I can not overstate enough the waste of time this cheaply made DVD is . The majority of questions are still used with the cards , and , once again , most of the questions are either impossible to answer , pretentious , or uninteresting.For example , I did about 5 questions in the `` sports '' category , and got a question about a 5000 year old ritual , the name of a dice , the name of a Dungeons and Dragons manual , a yoga question , and a question about the location of the WWF headquarters . 15 minutes later my friends and I had packed up the game and gone on something else . It 's these `` things normal people do n't know or could n't care less about '' questions they ask in easy , fun sounding categories like `` Sports '' and `` Fads '' that kill this game for me.Congrats , Hasbro , for sucking more money out of people by rehashing the same game .
 Why in the world would Leap Frog have their customer service center with people who can barely speak ENGLISH ??????? I have spent more time trying to figure out what they are saying and did not even get the help I needed ! The U.S. needs jobs also Leap Frog !
 My daughter likes her My First Leappad , but after several months use , the pen has wires showing ! I called Leapfrog and after a series of frustrating phone calls , I find out that they do n't make the replacement pen for the My First Leappad anymore ! At first the customer service agent told me they have the pen and I paid for it . The package I recieved in the mail had an old leappad system that does n't work and 2 pens that do n't fit my leappad . When I called back , it was a 2 hour ordeal . Finally , I spoke with a supervisor who told me that despite the fact that it was their mistake , I had to pay to ship everything back to them , then they would refund my money ! Not only am I upset by this treatment , but I ca n't believe they do n't make the pens anymore . I have invested in a lot of books for this leappad and now it is useless . What a waste of money ! I can not in good conscience buy from LeapFrog again !
 I broke my normal rule of ` No Toys with Batteries ' because of the lure of the LeapPad educational value ... Big Mistake.My kids want to play with this toy but it NEVER works right . First of all our unit shuts off every 2-3 minutes -LRB- with new batteries -RRB- regardless if someone is using it or not . I like an auto shutoff but the kids quickly get frustrated and walk away.Cartridges ... ugg . I would say about 25 % of the time I can not get this unit to recognize the cartridge `` That 's Not a LeapPad Cartridge '' is a frequent error . So often it is reverting to the non-cartridge game even when my kids think they have gotten another book installed . Another source of frustration.My kids want to play with it ... but it is sadly on the shelf waiting for the next garage sale.FYI - my kids are 2.5 and 4.5 yr old . They can both turn on the computer and load their favorite games on their own and are quite computer savvy . This toy is not beyond their means of operating properly it is just too finicky IMO .
 I had HIGH expectations for this product , but so far have discovered that it 's been far overrated . My 3 year old received the My First LeapPad for Christmas plus 3 additional books including the Princesses book . This product has not managed to keep her entertained or focused at all . I think it 's confusing for a young child , the words are not very clear , and it automatically turns off after just a few seconds . It will tell the child to `` find ___ '' but while my daughter is deciding what to touch with the stylus , it says something along the lines of `` try again later '' . It does n't give her enough time to THINK before shutting off ! There are also options to play games , but after only 2 or so rounds it says something like `` press the game button again '' . That is extremely confusing for a child.Maybe the regular LeapPad is better . I hoping that once she gets older she 'll get into this one more . My daughter LOVES anything having to do with Barbie , Ballerina 's or Princesses and even the Princess book does n't interest her . My daughter also LOVES the new LeapPad DVD `` All About Letters '' , but the alphabet books do n't quite have the same effect . If you are just looking for something that reads stories go with THE STORY READER ... it 's truly an excellent product .
 The rear wheels on this toy detach very easily , my daughter is 18 months and can pick up the toy by itself , causing the rear wheels to fall off . One time she tried to sit on it after the wheels fell off and almost fliped over , that God i was right next to her . As a parent I do not feel this is safe , and will make sure the next time we buy a product simillar to this that the wheels do not come off .
 Well , I dont usually do reviews but this needs to be addressed . I have bought several Tek-Nek toys the past 2 months and had to return one item 4 times before giving up . There customer service never answers and keeps a recording on of which they do not return calls . The website is outdated not showing current items . This item is not only poorly made but not sturdy enough for young toddlers.I am goung with a company that backs there item up for my future care bear toys .
 We bought this for our son at Christmas time in 2004 . Our son had a blast riding it until ... . the reverse went out twice and had to be replaced , the cover on the front broke off , the trailer hitch broke and had to be replaced , the back in broke off , but the best part of it all - the whole thing quit working . I called Peg-perego to get help from them . They told me I could take it to a service center which by the way is 5 hours from my house . Since that was n't feasible , the customer service rep made me take the whole thing apart while she was on the phone to test everything . Would n't you know , everything was where it was suppose to be and connected . They supposedly stand behind there product , but clearly they do n't . She was in no hurry to handle the problem properly . Luckily , I still had my receipt and was able to return it to the store that we had purchased it at and exchanged for a better , trusted ride on vehicle - Power Wheels . I would be very leary if you are thinking of purchasing this toy . Your child will not get the long term enjoyment out of it like he/she should . And you will be dealing with a major headache . A big waste of money .
 We purchased this toy for my 3yr . old for Christmas last year and of course he loved it . It was easy to handle and the locked shift gave us as parents the control of the speed . We also liked the fact that the battery lasts a while between charges . After 1 mth . of use , the hood cover broke due to the need to raise it for battery charges and the trailer would not stay connected . Soon after , the entire hood came off , it would no longer go in reverse , and the bar behind the seat started to detatch . After only 1 yr. , we now have a tractor in pieces and a son who is asking for a different rideon toy . Everyone I know whe has purchased this tractor has had the same complaints . Even though my son loved it for the few months he was able to ride it , I would not recommend it to anyone .
 We bought this for our son 2 months ago . He loved to ride it and had alot of fun with it . Notice the past tense , it no longer works only 2 months after buying it . First the 1st gear went out of it , then reverse stopped working and now 2nd gear does n't work either so he ca n't even ride it anymore . I have been trying to call customer service all day and it says all lines are busy . It wo n't even allow me to hold for a service rep. I have to keep calling . I 'm upset that it is so hard to even talk to someone about it . My friend also purchased this for her son a month before me and is having similar problems . Peg perego told her they are aware of a problem with it and would send a replacement part and instructions on how to fix it . I have also had the same durability problems as with some of the other reviews . The tailgate , hood and bumper wo n't stay on . The axle in the trailer falls out often . The overall snap together assembly is constructed so poorly that we are constantly snapping things back in place . We have purchased several power wheels in the past for our other children . This is the first peg perego we have purchased . The price was affordable and I like the different styles they have but I do n't think I would buy from them again . The price certainly reflects the quality and it 's not good .
 We purchase the john deer power pull for our 3 yr old son 2 months ago , and he has only been able to ride it maybe 1 month , we have already exchanged the product once and it is not running again ! how disappointing for our son who loved this at first and now says `` I am angry my tractor does n't work AGAIN '' when calling the company for parts it usually is an automatic 20 to 30 min . wait to talk and they would n't resolve an exchange so we went back to were we bought the product I do not recommend this product because all the problems -LRB- fenders , wiring harness shifter , 2 pins , weight on front , wheel , and same is happening to 2nd one -RRB- and this is all riding on an acre of level ground .
 I bought this toy for my son 's birthday . After unscrewing the four screws to get the battery out to charge it -LRB- one i could barely reach -RRB- it was finally time for him to ride it . That lasted about ten minutes and then the reverse broke . So for the next hour my determined son would drive it get off it and push it to reverse and that was all good until the first gear broke also . So about -LSB- ... -RSB- and an hour and a half later we had a big useless piece -LSB- ... -RSB- . I would never ever even try to buy another peg perego product . I 'm stickin with the power wheels .
 we bought this toy in april for our sons fourth birthday . he loved it . the battery is very hard to get out , taking two parts off , then having to unscrew it . the hood broke off and doesnt stay on . the tailgate falls off . when you back up , the trailer doesnt turn with the tractor causing it to get twisted up . first reverse went , then first gear , now it doesnt run at all.it is very poorly made would never buy another one of their products again .
 Bought this 2 years ago now , a few weeks before the warantee was up the reverse stopped working , one wheel would stop spinning , then both . Called Peg Perego , they sent a new switch free but I had to pay shipping . This fixed the problem until a few months later , same thing happened again . Called and they sent another switch , free but i paid shipping . a few months later it was once again not uaseable . I have a very disappointed little boy who can not ride his tractor and we are out a few hundred dollars . Will never buy another Peg Perego again , thats for sure . JUNK ! And I see from other reviews , I am not alone !
 Our child also loves this toy but the tractor only lasts for about a week before it starts breaking down . We have brought the tractor back THREE TIMES and have yet to get one that works for longer than a week . It 's a real shame that the manufacturer ca n't make this toy durable enough to last . It breaks our little boys heart every time we have to bring his tractor back to the store . Take my advice and stay away from this product !!!!
 My son has the Kawasaki Powerwheels that we 've had for over two years with NO problem . We have had this tractor for less than 1 week , and already the Reverse does n't work . The 6 volt battery that it comes with last less than 1 hour , and to buy the 12 volt battery it 's another $ 50 . We did invest in the bigger battery that we 've used twice , and already it wo n't charge . All the parts on this tractor are flimsy and break extremely easily . We will be returning this along with the battery and will not ever buy another Peg Perego product !!!!!!
 We got this tractor for our 3 year old son . He loves it ! Rides it every day ! But it is not well made . We have had it for 3 weeks . The trailer cracked when we put things in it . When our son backs up , the tractor runs the trailer over . The tailgate wo n't stay shut . The main front cover has already broken and will no longer stay on . Instructions said you could put a 12 volt battery in it -LRB- instead of the 8 volt that comes with it -RRB- but when we do this the front covers wo n't shut tight . We have bought power wheel products in the past . Our 2 children have used them for 3 summers with absolutely no problems . I will not buy any more products from the company that made this tractor . We are getting ready to purchase a kids ATV and we will definitely buy a power wheels because they are made to last . This tractor will not last ! Even though my son loves it - it is made poorly ! Do n't waste your money !
 He loves it when it works , after the first month the reverse stoped working and the trailer broke off . we called the company and they sent a new switch nothing for the trailer . a couple of months later the second gear quit working and had to replace that . Then the reverse went out again and had to replace that . right now we have had it One year and second gear dosent work and it lost alot of power only one wheel turns . So if you are looking for something to last more than one summer than I really DO NOT recomend this . The company will not refund , I tried after the first month I had it .
 I enjoy raising Sea Monkeys , so I was tempted by the description of the Swarm kit . Though it does indeed produce a LOT of pets quickly , they did n't seem to grow as fast as sea monkeys , and they all died off within a week despite my careful efforts . The instructions with the packet are way too vague , and the feeding `` spoon '' is just a cut-off tip of a drinking straw , with no indication of how much food they need . I think the Swarm kit may be good for adding a scoop to revitalize an existing sea monkey tank , but on its own it just seems unstable -LRB- and the weak instructions definitely make this a bad choice for children -RRB- . And at more than double the cost of a basic , no-tank Sea Monkey kit , it just is n't worth it .
 I purchased two of these toys for my kids age 5 & 7 . They were a bit intimidated at first but once they got their feet wet , a fun time was had by all . This toy is very well made and is a quality product with the exception of the rear tires . The rear tires are very thin hollow plastic and wore out after about 120 minutes of run time -LRB- or after the third charge of the battery -RRB- . Razor does make the replacement parts readily available . However , the rear tires are $ 29.99 -LRB- + S&H -RRB- on the Razor web site . That seems very expensive to me and translates to approximately $ 10 in maintenance fees for every 40 minutes of run time . This is the same problem that I experienced as a kid with the original Big Wheel . One would think that they could engineer a longer lasting tire for a toy that is designed to spin out . Based on the poorly made tires , the cost to replace them and the the hefty original price of the toy I would not recommend this item unless you have money to burn .
 My son has had this toy for one year and we are on our third set of wheels . We would have needed more , but , it has needed to have the throttle switch worked on twice and now the battery is not charging even with a new charger . This was an expensive toy to have had so many problems . The body is constructed well , but , someone could have designed a longer lasting tire instead of the cheap plastic ones that it comes with . -LRB- ... -RRB- .
 When i got this toy it was fun for one day.But the the next day all the darts broke.This is so dumb and a waste -LSB- ... -RSB- . Never buy this.It looks fun bbut it is really dumb and boring .
 Nerf toys are always a great choice for kids ... a perfect birthday or Christmas present too ! I get my boys a new Nerf or Nerf-like product every year for Christmas to add to their collection ! They have great fun with them , and get them out of the house and away from video games ! This one was not so great because the target got lost . The typical guns and ammo are the best because they can all be used together , and numerous kids can play at once . The target seemed to be for just one or two kids .
 Hi , its me again Tom the 12 year old toy expert . This toy was a very bad toy , 2 of the 3 darts i had , broke , the tops got ripped off both 2 within 5 days after my grandma bought it for me . Plus if you give this to your kids , the gun packs a punch , so make sure they do n't shoot eachother if there under the age of 6 . *************** My Top 100 Ranking
 My son loved this target game but it broke very quickly . Also , it had limited appeal . He played with it a lot and then it was there . Skip this .
 My kids got this toy as a gift . They enjoy using it , but the 1st time we went to put in the batteries the screw that holds the battery cover got stripped and I had to break off the cover to get it open . Now it is held together w / duct tape . Buyer beware .
 This CD player is a great toy to play with - when it works . My 31/2 year old is NOT rough with toys at all and ours is not working after only 7 months . The microphone fades in and out of not working and the CD player is now not working at all . It 's a shame since our daughter loves to sing with a microphone . I will not buy this brand ever again .
 My daughter really has wanted her own cd player , and she wanted one with a microphone . I chose this one because it was the lowest priced by a fair margin that I was able to find , but the old adage of getting what you pay for holds true . It wo n't play cd 's with any surface imperfections AT ALL , including dust . It is also unable to cope with being moved at all when it is playing -LRB- that is assuming you can find a pristine cd to play in it -RRB- , and stops for several minutes before starting the cd over . Very disappointing for my daughter ; I am returning it and paying more for one that is better .
 We bought this for our child last year . I had been eyeing the more expensive versions of this toy -LRB- by Chicco , for example , $ 60 -RRB- and when I saw this one I snapped it up . BIG MISTAKE ! The CD `` door '' seals shut with two small plastic hooks ... less than a year later , one of the hooks has snapped off and it wo n't close ! We 'll be shelling out another $ 60 for the Chicco version this year because she LOVES it , sings along , really cute ! But we 've learned our lesson , that 's for sure .
 I have fond memories of playing Table/Rod Hockey . So , I bought this for my Son for Christmas thinking it will be fun for us both and also to get him away from Video Games for a time . However , this was a disaster ... it literally broke the first time we played and some of the Players do n't fit snug enough on the Swivels , so when you move them they literally fly away . The worst part is no SuperGlue or small screws can fix this cheap plastic toy as the part that broke is the twirling nub that holds the Player . You can re-attach him , but he ca n't pivot . Keep in mind this was NOT played rough . It is flimpsy brittle plastic . Case Closed.Amazon was no help as they only take Returns for their product and this was one sold through them by another Vendor -LRB- who ca n't be reached -RRB- and the Manufacturer is in China with a useless Website and no Repair Parts offered . Absolute waste of $ 24 ! Stick with the more expensive versions if you must get this , but be warned they are over $ 75-300 ! Too bad ... my Kid went back to Video Games and I can confirm once again that nothing is ever as good as we remember it to be .
 I had a similar hockey game when I was a kid and it was a blast . We played with it for years.We got this game for Christmas as a gift for my son . After about 1 week of playing with it , one of the hockey players broke off . There is no way to fix the player and it appears there is no way to order replacements either . Its too bad ... I 'm very disappointed in the quality of this product and would not recommend it to anybody . I am going to see what I can do to return it to the store .
 The idea of the game is good . After all , it was based on a number of successful games -LRB- Pictionary , Charade , etc. -RRB- . However , the rigid control of the electronic `` hosts '' ruined it for us . It would have been much more fun if the instructions were simply written out , and the players control the game , as in Pictionary , Charade , etc. . Here , the electronic `` hosts '' give instructions in a tiny voice that is drowned out if the players do n't stop their talking and listen . And if you miss a word in the instruction -LRB- e.g. , which color/player is going next -RRB- , then the game is thrown off.We bought this game as a present for our father , but after we played it as a family for about 15 minutes and ran into the problems mentioned above , we decided that it 's not much fun if you ca n't talk and laugh during a game . We decided to return it .
 Not what we were looking for . We wanted a party game for older 20 's and thirty somethings . I would say this game would be good for Jr. . High . The `` hosts '' inside the box are super annoying and cheesy . The cards were really pretty easy compared to some of the other games we played . My sister got this game as a gift , we tried it once and she decided to return it . Like I said , I can see jr. high kids maybe getting into this , but otherwise , it was pretty lame .
 This game specified that it was for adults , but I think it would definitely be better for pre-teens and teenagers . We played twice and quit - it was way too simple to hold the attention of a group of adults.I bought it because I LOVE Cranium and Catch Phrase and thought it would be somewhat similar , but different with the electronic `` hosts '' telling you what to do . The electronic game piece is too much - it 's just completely random and you have to listen to the same phrases -LRB- very interesting and oooh , I like this one -RRB- over and over again . It probably would have been just as effective to have dice and a timer!I 'll definitely stick with Cranium !
 I liked the idea of the game so I got it for Christmas . I went to play it and everything started out well . Then when it came time to put the card in it kept sayin put in a card . We put it in and then it shut off . Overall Do not buy this toy .
 I washed this bunny once on the gentle cycle prior to giving it to my daughter . It was kept in her crib and only played with while she was in her crib , usually during naps and overnight . She slept with it for less than one month . Yesterday morning I was horrified to discover that my daughter -LRB- who is 7 months old -RRB- had `` decapitated '' poor `` Bunny '' during the night . The head was completely detached from the body -LRB- the pink and white pieces were completely separate -RRB- , and the head 's stuffing was completely exposed . Fortunately , she had not removed any of the stuffing , but what a total choking hazard !!! Ironically , I had intentionally chosen `` Bunny '' because of its organic cotton ingredients -- I thought they would be safer for something to which she was frequently exposed and mouthing .
 I really wanted to like this product but had to return because after the first wash before use , I noticed the bunny head stuffing leaked brown colored liquid , turning the head dirty yellow and leaving a brown ring on the body part . If my baby sucks on it , he would have ingested whatever the brown juice is . This product is not safe for a baby !
 this item shows up in an adult softball bat search . this is only a kids bat . not at all suited for adult use . having said that , it 's a good kids bat . light weight , nice looking , and inexpensive . just do n't hit a real baseball or softball with it , or it is going to be fire wood .
 I purchased -LRB- 2 -RRB- of the MacGregor Wooden Softball bats . one in a 32 inch and the other in a 34 inch . The 34 inch broke on the first swing and the 32 inch made it through 3 swings.I would not recommend this product for purchase . There is also no warranty on a wooden softball bat . This is my first time in 40 years playing with a wooden bat for softball.The bat I ordered from a different company is still going strong.Dawn M.
 Bat broke the first time at the cages - right out of the wrapping . Have an older model and never had any difficulties . The bat is marketed as a softball bat but with the breakage unsure if it is .
 I decided to try it because I had a wooden softball bat several years ago that was great . This one is not . I am an over-the-hill player , but I have tried several other bats that are much better . This one is dead . Unfortunately , the better bats cost a lot more .
 I RETURNED THIS BAT ABOUT 2-3 WEEKS AGO AND HAVE NOT RECIEVED CREDIT YET , PLEASE CONTACT ME ABOUT THIS
 Do not waste your money on it . I bought this for my 5 year old and was very disappointed with it . It never worked from the start .
 i got this a couple of years ago and i get cheap presents because my grandparents need to buy cheap but do they have to be this cheap ?! this game sucks . it is hard to follow and the mat is slippery and the music is boring . when you wear socks on the mat you slide . when you wear no socks you get stuck to it . i hate this so much !!!!!! i really hope that this christmas , i might be getting something that 's actually good quality and i like !!!!!!!
 This product never work at the begin . Dont waste your money on this .
 This is the second product by this company that I 've tried . I do n't think I 'll by another . It is slightly better than the Dance Maker II I just brought home , because at least this one has music -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- . Both toys are n't fun in the least . They are n't reliable , do n't ever give you the `` grade '' at the end of a dance -LRB- actually you are n't dancing , but stepping from lighted star to star like playing Simon -RRB- , the batteries are ridiculously difficult to insert - I ca n't explain how awful this product is . Shame on the company for making it and Toys R Us for selling it . Do n't leave your child in tears on Christmas morning . I knew I was returning it so I had three little girls come over and try it . They hated it too ! `` BORING ! '' they said .
 I purchased this for my three daughters hoping that one of them would be able to handle it . It never worked from the start . We set it up and turned it on . It made a lot of noise and the pads did n't pick up there steps . The quality is just not there .
 Whoever designed this product had no idea how kids are going to use it . Lousy mat provided can skid and harm kids very bad.Don ' t buy this toy even if it is offered for one dollar .
 I got this as a Christmas present . I 've always had a love for dancing , so of course I wanted to try it out right away . After playing for a bit I realized that it repeated the same pattern over and over and over ! I wa n't happy . The music that came with it is n't even considered music . The pads on the bottom to help it stick feel of within a bit . At the end it does n't tell you your score , or if you missed any . The lights do n't change after you hit , they changed like every 5 seconds or something . I 'm twele years old and I was dissapointed in this . This might be ok if you buy it for like a little kid .
 I suspect this toy will not be extremely fun . You just try to press on the star on the mat to match which ever light flashes on the panel . The Wave Dance Maker will be put aside by kids and forgotten about . However , our daughter got a similar product called the Dance Maker 2 as a gift which seemed to go over better with kids . We thought it was awful & a piece of junk , but when her friends came over for a birthday party , they could n't stop playing it ! We were surprised . I think that because Dance Maker 2 has you compete against someone else , it was more fun for everyone . In that product both people try to copy the lights with their feet , whoever does better wins . Kids would just watch the competition and want to go next . Even parents got involved . There is no music on the Dance Maker 2 , we just put some dance music on the stereo and it was fine -LRB- better than the lame music a machine like the Wave Dance Maker could produce -LRB- however when you play your own music , there 's no correlation between the lights and the music -RRB- but the kids did n't seem to care . It 's just a game of reflexes -LRB- matching the lights as quickly and accurately as you can -RRB- . So I guess if you get anything , get the Dance Maker 2 as long as you think you have 2 or more kids who would like to play . Even dance maker 2 is pretty cheap . At the end of 3 minutes of competition , it calculates who won and flashes a light indicating who won -LRB- no score readout or anything thing like that -RRB- . Honestly I ca n't even tell if it counts steps correctly - for all we know it randomly picks the winner . But most people did n't care , they just wanted to try and beat someone . Who would have figured ! My wife almost returned the item but pulled it out when kids came over for the birthday party and it was a huge hit -LRB- we were dumbfounded -RRB- . We 've had people calling asking the name of it ever since , -LRB- but it seems very hard to get now - most places were out of stock around Christmas time -RRB- . Either it was a hot seller or they stopped producing it because it was junk . Who knows .
 What a let down . This was the one toy my child was truly looking forward to at Christmas and this was the worst toy ever . I ca n't believe the box says it will `` teach you to dance '' . It barely works half the time and I was thinking of returning it for another thinking that the one I have is broken , but after reading the other reviews , I realize its just a piece of junk . It never rates your dance moves and the songs are just terrible . Please do n't waste your time or money buying this toy !
 I guess Moose Mountain 's quality control is pretty lousy too since ours never worked at all right out of the box . Totally dead . Stay away from this one .
 Completely boring , poor design . You might as well flash a flashlight at your little girl and tell her to dance on some saran wrap . It is about the same , might even be more entertaining .
 If you are looking for an `` easy to do '' toy for your kids ... this is n't the one . It came with no instructions ! Movements do n't register correctly ! Not sure what it is for , expect taking up space . I 've actually gotten some laughs out of it though . My kids keep asking me why the song wo n't change . It is supposed to have 3 different songs you can change . -LRB- NOT MUCH VARIETY ! -RRB- Do n't waste your dollar !
 We purchased two of these chairs for Christmas for our twins . Both of them deflated within minutes . What are the chances of two of them being defective ? We were very disapointed . We went back and purchased the Dora fold out couches . More money , but durable and better quality .
 my 2 year old loves the looks of the chair and all , but it always flips over when she tries to get in it w/out my help . It does stay inflated well though .
 I ca n't take the smell of the plastic on this chair - it is really bad . I 've tried everything to mask it but no luck .
 The chair is a lot of fun . However , it deflates within one day and becomes very unstable for little ones .
 it took my wife 20 minutes to finish it what a waste , she got it for the solid colors to makeit interesting , to simple / . also very small puzzle.amazon you lost on this one.by vito
 I gave this puzzle to my nephew . As my niece , nephew and I were trying to put this together and got no where after a long time , I counted , there were only 52 pieces included , almost half the pieces were missing . I do n't know where the problem occurred , melissa and doug , amazon , I do n't know ... . but it was a waste of money .
 I purchase this Ryofu Housen figure and had to return it back the same day that it arrived for a full refund . The cause
 Am I the only one who thinks this looks like a packet of birth control pills ? Not really something I 'd want my nine-year-old toting around .
 I typed 2 +2 and it said it equaled 88
 This is the worst phone . It kept falling off my desk , it never hung up , and it only worked for a minute . My mom even threw it away ! She never throws any electronics away ! My whole family got annoyed ! I VERY STRONGLY RECCOMEND THAT YOU DO NOT , I REPEAT
 Thought it would be a cute toy for a little girls room yet WORK AS A NORMAL PHONE !!! I mean , it was not free ! The phone is too small , makes lots of horrible squealing sounds and FALLS all the time ; cord is too heavy . Pretty , but not worth the money because she does NOT want to use it !
 Well , there 's not much good I can say about this phone . First , the phone receiver is so tiny that only a very small child could hold it to their ear and still be able to talk into the mouth piece . Second , the phone is so oddly shaped....lip-shaped ... that it is IMPOSSIBLE to prop the phone on your shoulder and talk . It slides off your shoulder . It is EXTREMELY uncomfortable to hold because of the shape of the receiver . It is like holding a lip-shaped rock to your head . If you move the receiver the slightest while talking , the sound is GREATLY EXAGGERATED and is heard in the receiver . The phone turns over VERY easily . If you pull on the phone cord while talking , the phone WILL turn over . In all , if your child wants a Bratz phone , check out the other Bratz phone model . I have n't seen it , but it at least looks like a more comfortable phone to use .
 the phone is so hard to hang up it wo n't stay shutDO N'T WAST YOU MONEY ON THIS !!!!!
 I got this phone 4 christmas and the head peice is to small and it always falls and the cord is too heavy so think its cool its a night mare gone worse !!!!
 I bought this phone for my 8 year old and she loved it ... UNTIL we plugged it in , the handset wont stay on the base good therefore the phone wont stay hung up . The sound on it is very scratchy , and now she has to keep it in her room unplugged until she wants to use it , so we dont miss other phone calls . 100 % JUNK !
 I got this toy for christmas . i set it up a couple days later and it worked perfectly.i called some family just in case.Then when ever i was done using it , it wouldnt stay on the bottom lip . I finally found out that every time i woke up it was of the hook . Ive had it ever since and was never able to use it.C.G .
 I bought this phone as a Christmas gift for my daughter and I was so disappointed . She , nor I could even talk on it becuase of it 's odd shape ! You ca n't hear the other person talking because of it and they ca n't hear you ! It just felt so awkward . Plus , it 's like trying to put a puzzle piece together when your trying to hang it up . Do Not Purchase !
 My mom bought me this because I am 11 and needed a phone in my room.We both thought it was cute.Sure it 's cute but an awful phone.It is uncomfortable , never hangs up , always falls off my nightstand , and is just overall annoying in general.DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS USELESS TOY .
 Sorry , but this thing does not work . The pull string is very poorly constructed and rattles way to much to spin the blade enough to get it off the ground . within 10 minutes the back end of the copter broke off , within 15 minutes the rubber band broke . And 20 minutes later it was in the trash .
 OK concept , but a junk product . Read and folowed the directions , but after 5 minutes of use the rubber band broke and the toy no longer useable .
 It was broken in 5 minutes after open the package . It is very cheaply made . It is not money 's worth .
 These were fun for about 3 tries . After that , various pieces started falling off . The tail and the runners on bottom are poorly attached . Also , the string got worn out and would not recoil easily . I threw them rather than putting them in the toy box .
 1 of my son 's 4th birthday gifts . This is built with cheap foam pieces ... 4 , and a plastic blade . It flies well , and it is easy to use . Unfortunately , it lasted a sum total of 10 flights before it was reduced to its 5 component parts . No durability whatsoever . I was able to use scotch tape to reassemble it , and it still works ; but , it is total and utter junk . It 's comparable to a cheap balsa wood propeller plane sold in a tourist junk toy shop .
 I have several of the models in this series . SuperCar , Fireball XL5 and a Stingray . I purchased the first three and I was very happy at the quality of the products . Not so happy with the Skydiver . It has quite a few poorly finished edges and it does not come with a display stand . It just sits and rolls poorly on a desk . There is not flat spot for it to sit upright . The Sky One part is made of cheap plastic and it mounts into the SkyDiver with a pressure fitting . The paint is already rubbing off at the pressure spots . Why could n't the manufacturer of this model use a magnetic fitting as was used for the Fireball Jr fitting.The SkyDiver is not one of the better reproductions and I would not recommend it in it 's current state of manufacture . Considering the high quality of some of the other models I have , this one does not make the cut .
 We received the product in a short amount of time , which we were elated ! However , upon opening and putting the fluid into the `` blaster '' we discovered it did not work . :--LRB- the product was returned .
 I bought this product for my 10 year old . It worked in the demo mode . When we opened the box and installed the roomie it still did not work out of demo mode . We tried new batteries and reset the system several times to no avail . After inspecting and looking at a friends , I noticed the little plug in for the roomies were not there on hers like they were on the others . I returned it to the store with no problem , torn box and all . I feel this would be a fun idea , she decided to buy a ds game instead of returning it .
 I purchased this toy for my child for Christmas , product did not work correctly , sent it back , now we have about 6 pixel chix in bins that will never be used . When you order stuff on line you should be able to keep your amazon points if the toys are non functional . I dont recommend this product.Pixel Chix Roomies
 This was a product my 7 year old `` had to have '' for Christmas . Needless to say - it was broken when it arrived . Got a new one and she has only played with it once or twice . Just not that much fun according to her ! It also turns on easily so the battery wears down when you move it to store it . Not such a great toy - at least for my daughter !
 I keep the blackjack game in my purse and use it at doctor 's offices or wherever else I need to wait . Much better than germ-filled magazines . However , the major button sticks , and I often `` lose '' because the game automatically gives me another number when I prefer to `` stop . '' Very frustrating .
 Received this today -LRB- was hoping the tutorial/hint option would improve my skills & give me pointers but it does n't -RRB- & am a little disappointed . Not only does it not include a backlight @ this price , the `` hints '' are off more often then not . It plays ok . But , 9 times out of 10 when it tells me to hit -LRB- on the inevitable 12-16 -RRB- & I do , I lose . It even tells me to hit on 19 or 20 ! Would not recommend it for the tutorial value nor for the price . It should be about a $ 10 game .
 As soon as you touch the beard all of the hair comes off . I bought about 20 for my boyfriends surprise birthday party . I 'm afraid to hand them out to people that they will get fake beard hair all over the place .
 This is exactly what is shown in the picture , nothing misleading about it . My problem is that it seems really unrealistic , it is just hair on tape and feels very fake . The price is good though .
 Yeah this is just really bad.I have a lot of these DVD products . This one plays like Beyond Balderdash , which I love . This one is just missing something . And for what I paid for it , I was very disappointed . The concept is good , and the idea is funny , but the way they executed the game play it is completely dependent on the people you are playing with to make the game funny . Having said that I was playing with some very funny people , but it was n't fun , so I guess even that does n't work . Do yourself a favor ; use the $ 30 bucks to buy three games of Shout ! Or get TP Pop Culture2 .
 This game is not very fun at all ! If it were something like Scene It or something where you have to name the movie from watching a scene or hear a quote that would have been better .
 i bought this for my 5 year old nephew and he was very excited . it was fairly easy to put together , though some joints were troublesome . the real problem was that the cars do n't stay on the track . every turn , which is about every 5 seconds , is a disaster . either you slow the car almost to a stop or it just flies off . and this was me operating it , not the child , but we were both disappointed .
 Pretty yes , functional slightly for sorting dolls not clothing or shoes or the other item that tag along with pollys . They really need to find a better organizational storage for these dolls small parts to market . . I really think the manufactures need to spend some time cleaning up a hugh polly collection mess to appreciate the key to organizing them . Or have the unpleasant experience of a missing shoe and tears streaming . I agree that plastic storage containers are the way to go the nice ones with the drawers in the smaller size are much more functional.ONLY good thing about this case is
 This toy might be worth it if priced at 14.99 , but certainly not at 49.99 . We bought this for my five year old on his birthday and he was bored with it within an hour . The graphics and sound are similar to what you would find in 10 year old video games , but the real problem is the lack of any challenging aspect to the game . The missions are very simple and are easily completed , even during the first attempts at using the game . And the controls were not fluid - steering the vehicle requires stopping , adjusting the direction , moving forward , stopping again to adjust direction , etc. . Overall , this toy is simply not worth the price . I ca n't comment on the durability as we are returning after two days of use .
 My son received this for his 4th birthday and enjoyed it that day , and maybe once since then . The games are too easy and he got bored quickly even though he has never played anything like it before . I would not recommend for any age because my 2 year old just ca n't quite do the controls and understand game and it is too simple for a 4 year old . Maybe a 3 year old would enjoy ?
 My five year old got this for Christmas and he was bored within an hour . He loves Rescue Heroes and so we thought this was a great gift , but the missions were so easy that he had no challenge . Our 21/2 year old picked up the controls and could play the game with a little challenge , but that is probably about the age level this game would provide a challenge to , not to 5 year old or older .
 I am a professional , its my job and when I get a cake mold kit I expect all the pieces there . For one they said it would arrive on Monday its Tuesday . I have to have this cake ready by Saturday and half the pieces are missing !!
 My son just got this toy for his birthday . I bought it for him with the free shipping deal . I am glad I did n't pay for the shipping because $ 20 was enough for this thing . The truck is made of CHEAP plastic that I know wo n't withstand any serious play . I believe the description said something about tough and rugged , that is not the case at all . It also comes with no stickers and it is a pain to put them on properly . In order to get the headlight ones on you have to reach behind the crash bar on the front ... Real nice design . No thought was put into making this toy . Half the time when my son lifts the roof off of the truck it falls off . I never let him put it back on himself because I know something will snap . If you have a typical little boy who likes to play rough this is NOT the toy for him . My son is having fun playing with it but I have a feeling something will break in the near future so the fun will not last . If you do buy this toy make sure it is for a boy who is at least 6 or older , that may help it last longer . I am happy I got it on free shipping because anymore money spent on it would have not been worth it . I doubt we will be buying anymore vehicles from this company .
 It was a very pleasant toy . I got it when I was very little and put the stickers on the wrong spots of it . I lost the little disks when we moved , but I still have the cannon . I got the armored truck -LRB- the new one -RRB- and put the turtles in there . My old power rangers currently occupy the tracker vehicle . It also has a ver nice tail end , but I lost the rope -LRB- I lose a lot of stuff -RRB- .
 I ordered these for a Halloween project , and I 'm pretty disappointed . Most of them have so much extra plastic `` flashing '' between the legs that it 's just one big blob of plastic on either side of the body . I 've uploaded a picture so you can see what I mean . Only one out of six actually had separate legs , so now I 'll have to spend hours trimming away the extra plastic with the little scissors on my Swiss army knife . The wings look pretty fake too unless you 're clear across the room . If you want something more realistic , spend more a little more money and get something else . I wish I had .
 Santa purchased this gift for my 3 yr and 11/2 yr old children in Dec. 04 . I was so excited about this gift since my son loves castles , knights and any thing to do with a medieval theme . Both children walked completely past it on Christmas morning with no interest at all . We left it set up in the living room for a few weeks and it was played with a little bit , but not as much as I expected . They both like running through the door and making a fort . Since my children did n't play with it that much I decided to take the castle down and use it as a headboard for my son 's bed like it shows on the box . Bad idea . He woke up in the middle of the night screaming because he had bumped into it . The entire thing collapsed on his head . He was not seriously hurt , but it still was n't a pleasant way for him to wake up in the morning . Mega Bloks should not advertise this to use as a headboard for a bed . I got this on sale with free shipping , but it still was n't worth what I paid . I should have just bought the more expensive Little Tikes or Step 2 playhouse .
 This plane does n't fly . It does n't have enough power or lift.My son is upst and I am upset about the money I put down for it and the time spent putting it together.Spend your money somewhere else
 The assembly directions were useless for the most part . The plane is made of styrofoam and the wing broke in two when the plane fell to the ground . The nose popped off too . This product was a complete disappointment for me and for my son .
 I am totally upset with this product . First off the description on Amazon , does not even mention that this thing is made of Styrofoam -LRB- $ 40 for a Styrofoam plane -RRB- . R we serious ? This is a plane , exactly how does making it Styrofoam make it durable in any way . 2 . none of the parts stay on the darn thing . 3 . After a short 20 minute charge you will be lucky to get exactly 1 minute of flying time out of this things . Its garbage , and i would n't waste my money on it again . The kids were very disappointed which just made me even more upset that i bought it . I do n't mean to knock it down so hard , but i guess it was such a disappointment to us , i just ca n't see myself recommending it .
 this plane flys very well but the directions stink and the plane is very hard to build
 I purchased one of these for my son after reading all of the positive reviews . Well , I really do n't think this deserves all the high marks it receives . The number one problem with this is that it is not backlit and that makes it difficult to use unless under a very bright light . Second , it seems marketed for a young audience but is perhaps too complicated for the recommended 4 year old age . Perhaps 5 or 6 if your child is advanced with electronic toys . I also found the games to be more than somewhat lacking . VERY DISAPPOINTING !
 My sister and I grew up on the charade game . Unfortunately we did not receive the game posted . We recieved another Charades game and it took away some or our excitement . We were looking to teach our children the more up-to-date version . Many of the movies and tv shows in the game we recieved were even too old for us . We were a little dissapointed ! My sister and I vistit with each other twice a year so , we are always looking for good family games to continue family traditions with our children .
 This Train is a peice of junk . It did n't even work when my husband put it together he had to modify it to even work . The little building is junk when you try to take it out of the packaging it broke all up and he was being gentle . Now that he finally got it working it is so loud we ca n't even have it on . Please do n't waste your money !
 The track started to fall apart before it was fully put together . The train is not much better . If you are considering this because of the price ... do yourself a favor and spend the extra money .
 Life-Like Trains HO Scale Holiday Rails Electric Train Set # 8198The train product when opened up from the box looked great and was easy to setup . The instructions and manuals were good.However the train parts , especially the wheels etc. would come off easily and roll off . The parts that join the cars to themselves and the engine are too flimsy.Overall , this is not a solidly built product overall.I am not really happy and hope to return it .
 Train set construction less than expected for price . Had difficulties getting the trains to lineup on track . Would n't have bought if known the construction was not great .
 I registered for this because I have the rest of the bedding set . However we have a convertible crib and since the sides have thicker wood than just a standard crib , it would not fit ! The piece that holds it on was too large in diameter to fit where its supposed to . With no other alternatives for mounting properly , unfortunately we had to return it and our baby will have to do without a mobile .
 I registered for the entire Locomotion collection before my son was born and have been very happy with it . I love the theme , but the mobile was a big disappointment . It did n't fit the crib properly and although my husband tried to figure out a way to install it without any type of conversion kit available , he just could n't attach it safely and we ended up returning it . Also , although the mobile matches the theme , I found that the colors were n't very stimulating.We bought the Tiny Love Symphony In Motion Mobile instead and although the colors did n't match , our son got many months of enjoyment and stimulation out of it .
 I think the mobile is very cute , but there is no way it will fit onto my crib properly . I tried attaching it in several differnt places . I am going to return it .
 I 've contacted the manufacturer ... for an alternative way to hook to crib . They were less than helpful . I am thinking about returning the entire set I 'm so disappointed .
 Alas , we have the entire Locomotion set but the cute little mobile wo n't fit our sleigh-style crib . I called Babies R Us to see about some sort of conversion kit , but there 's no such thing . I 'll be returning it this weekend and getting some crib toys instead . : - -LRB-
 We bought this when our baby was born -LRB- 6 months ago , only used it a few times until recently -RRB- . He loves it now to get him to sleep . The problem lies in that at 4 am , my husband and I awake to hear the mobile playing ... scares us to death since no one else should be around to start it . We go into the nursery and our child is holding it playing with the animals ... the clip that holds the umbrella part had broken off , causing the mobile to fall on the baby . -LRB- He thought it was the funniest thing in the world , he was okay , thank God . -RRB- But the little plastic hook piece was in his hand . If you have a 6-month old child you know that they eat everything they can find . I thank God that he didnt put that in his mouth . It is a great soother for the baby , but be sure there are no defects every day!Like I said before , other than this , it has been great .
 I got mine today . I 'm very upset , totally disappointed . First of all , instead of an aluminum `` carrying case '' , it is a tin . Totally different from the picture shown on the site . Then , I open it up and there are n't any wood boards . They are just MDF boards with sticker on the both sides . All the games pieces are plastic . It is very cheaply made and gives nothing what the product description claim . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 It does not come in a case just a tin box and there are no wooden pieces nor does it have Chinese checkers.Pretty much not worth the money .
 Pieces are absurdly tiny . The checkers do not stack . The whole package stinks literally and figuratively . It actually smells very bad . Some kind of chemical order . Will be returned .
 I ordered this for a gift for my son and his wife . I wanted the briefcase game since they travel by car a lot . When my kids were little we went very few places with out these games . What I received was a cookie tin box full of games the night before Christmas no chance to return . Yes the description says `` Game Set in Tin '' but shows the brief case . They have played a couple of the games and are having fun but I was disappointed in not getting what I thought I had purchased a nicer gift . It is fun in any shape & educational so the 4 stars ... I wanted negative stars for the rest .
 This is an okay toy ... It does n't do much but growl , hiss , and purr at you . I would n't recommend that you buy this toy if you 're looking for something that will keep you entertained for hours .
 I got a micropet as soon as they came out . I was thrilled with them for the first couple weeks , but then I started to get bored . They were doing the same thing each day , and for a kid , we do n't want that . They were also very small , and get lost easily . I 've had mine for a year , and when I just started to look for it again . It was lost.I would n't reccomend this toy for various reason.-Gets lost esily-same thing each day-noisy-goes all over the place-doesn ' t listen -LRB- as it says it does -RRB- - ect .
 When I first saw that they were going to sell this on the Neopets site , I wanted to get one of them , they looked very interesting and fun . But as soon as I got it , I did n't like it so much . First , its head stopped functioning for more than three times and I had to shake and twist the head around a bit to get it moving again . It does n't do much and I do n't think that there are as many as 30 sounds , since I kept getting those same sounds over and over . Plus , it 's pretty noisy , and you can hear it a room away , which is sort of annoying . Overall , I think that this toy is boring and a bit annoying , so only buy this if you 're a collector or a Kougra/Neopets fan .
 Please do n't buy this toy.I ca n't get it off the stand and all it does is repeat a patturn of noises!Please do n't purchase this toy it is not really voice activated .
 I knew this set was n't going to be as big as real tea cups , but the picture on the product review page of the little girl playing with it made it look much bigger than it really is . If you were to put actual liquid of any kind in the tea cup -LRB- s -RRB- it would literally be about as much as 2 thimbles ' worth . If you 're using this for pretend , it 's great . If you want to have a real tea party with other little friends , go a different route because this set is practically doll-sized .
 The prooduct was not the quality that it should have been . It appears that it was of `` second '' quality . The writing on the set was in the wrong place and there were imperfections in the cups , plates and etc.Wish we could have found the product locally so we could have checked it out before purchasing .
 This is a nice size , but there is absolutely no way to pour a drink without it dripping down the pot onto the table cloth . -LRB- So pictures are a disaster -RRB- The poor girls try so hard to be neat , and it is just a big mess of puddles of juice , water , or whatever you use . I tried to pour quickly , pour slowly , and other adults tried . There is no way to pour it without the dribbles . -LRB- This does not happen with her cousin 's tea set of a different brand . -RRB- Also , the lid falls off when pouring , and the paint is not even on some of the pieces . I bought two sets . Interestingly , one set came with a blue pot , the other with a green pot .
 These are just the perfect colors to go with the kitchen set we 're making our daughter for Christmas , and from the other reviews , it seemed like they would be pretty sturdy , so I decided to take a chance . Unfortunately , they arrived with one of the saucers in pieces , so I 'm returning it for a refund . I ca n't trust that my little girl would n't break one and hurt herself .
 I purchased this ceramic tea set for a soon-to-be three year old girl , guided by the glowing reviews . Luckily , my wife wanted to see the set before we mailed it off . Most of the pieces were OK , but one cup 's glazing did n't cover the inside bottom , leaving white flakes of who knows what chemical . Another cup had obviously been mishandled before firing , as the outside bottom was extremely rough and sharp . Quality control would have caught and removed these items before packaging . Wake up , America ! Chinese products for our children have been proven to be harmful in many cases . They do n't care about our children 's safety , only your money . I sent the set back , so please do n't make the same mistake I did . They may send you the set I returned .
 I purchased this for a friend 's daughter this Christmas . After less than two weeks a cup , a plate and a lid are already broken . Two of the three broken pieces broke exactly in half , which makes me wonder about the internal strength of the pottery . The child is not rough or careless with her things , and the family does not have tile floors , so while charming , the set has been disappointing . I would not recommend it .
 When i rec 'd the package , it was in a box exactly the same size as the box the tea set came in . There was no bubble wrap and no fragile sign on the box . If the seller would send me a yellow and a green plate , it would perfect !
 This tea set is a great value and looks like an old Fiesta Ware tea set . Unfortunately , the lid on the tea pot does not have a catch so you will need to hold it down while pouring or it will fall off . Also , the teapot dribble all over the place while pouring some white grape juice that I had filled for my kids . My little girl was trying to be so careful while pouring tea for her friends and could not understand why all the tea was dribbling down the sides of the teapot and all over the table with each pour . I tried it and could do no better . Nice set if you want to play pretend tea party with no liquids and do n't mind the tea pot lid falling off .
 I wanted to buy this toy for my daughters for Christmas , but at almost $ 70 I was not willing to buy this one . I was very pleased to find the exact set at a local toy store for $ 10 . I am not sure why it would be priced so high on here . It is a great set though .
 It 's hard to screw up a Chess set . I bought the Chess standalone version of this set from the Cardinal `` Classic Games '' line . I am disappointed and wish I could return it.The board is flimsy cardboard that does n't sit flat on a table top . The pieces are cheap plastic with sharp edges and it 's difficult to distinguish Queens from Bishops.The one page instruction manual is nice , but I shiver to imagine a Chess neophyte trying to garner some sense of how to play the game from it.There are better chess sets out there . I will not buy from Cardinal Games as a product line again .
 The game I played as a kid has pictures of the various grains on the cards . This game has the same picture on all the cards with the grains written on them . It 's like have a deck of cards that all have the ace of spades printed on them with something like `` Jack of Clubs '' written on it . I wanted to play this with my five year old son but it is too hard for him to read the cards .
 Train continuously derailed at switching unit or stopped for no reason as it passed over the cross guard . In my opinion , the bridge trusses cause the track to enter the switching unit too steep and causes the train to derail . The engine alone does fine , but derails when cars are added . Neither is the track connection design as solid and durable as it appears . Ca n't enjoy something like this with your son if you 're constantly having to re-rail the train . Quality of design and components not what I expected .
 This set uses plastic pieces instead of glass marbles . If you love chinese checkers , the plastic is a big turn off . We returned ours , it just was n't the same as the real thing .
 Hard to find a Red Baron plane . This one is very cheaply made . The wheels broke off the second day we had it .
 Wow , surprised on the size of this , not a big model . If your hands are bigger than an 8 year olds , bett get a different model .
 i got the lamp shade as a gift at my baby shower , so i just had to buy the base . . almost 40bucks !! i returned the lamp shade and i went to baby depot instead because i had seen it online , got the base AND the lamp shade for 34.99 !!
 When I opened it at home I discovered that one of the animals was chipped . I should have returned it , but did n't have the time . Inspect it carefully before you buy it .
 The piano came without hardware . I tried to assemble it on Christmas Eve . I was unable to give it to my daughter on Christmas ! The system requires star rating . I do n't think its fair to rate the toy , since my child has n't been able to use it . I can rate the company though . It stinks
 I have never written a good or bad review on a product I have purchased . With that said , I wanted to write a review on this product b/c I am beyond disappointed with this product . I understand this would not have the sound quality of the regular piano . . However , the sound quality is beyond poor . It it extremely off-tune . PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . It is NOT WORTH THE PRICE !!! I paid $ 100 for this worthless product , and upset that I should 've listened to other reviewers . I am trying to figure out how I can return this product that we got for our 3 year old daughter for Christmas . :-LRB- Plus , this product states age 3 and up ... Not sure how . . My daughter is 39 inches tall , and already too big for this product .
 The piano was arrived on time . Very easy to assemble . However , it does n't make any noise when I received it . The kid and I were all very disappointed . The way to pack this kind of vulnerble product needs to be improved obviously .
 Although it is a cheap item , I would not recommend it , even for free : - The handle is way too small unless you 're 4-year old or younger . - The hole around the trigger is also too small for a typical finger to go through . - The darts do n't go very far , maybe like 10 feet . Forget about any accuracy . - The darts are a bit smaller is diameter than the Nerf branded ones so you ca n't easily mix them all.Anyway , I would suggest you do n't buy this gun .
 Overall concept is good and it works in a pinch . However , unlike the regular boggle the cover does not come off . This would not be a problem except the bends in the cover edges and the prominently placed raised logo on the top of the cover distort the cover and make reading the letters difficult . This required me to change my point of view to see all the letters clearly , which made playing the game less enjoyable .
 I bought these to use in krav maga sparring . I 'd never sparred before so I did n't know what I really needed -LRB- had n't seen anyone wearing shin guards either -RRB- . So I grabbed these ones because they were the cheapest ones I could find . I got some funny looks the first day I used them , and of course they did n't hold up well when sparring . They slide all over on your shin and the cushion is just not enough to cushion a blocked kick etc. . They also did n't wrap around the sides of my legs very well.I 'm sure these would be useful for something else , but they 're not practical for krav .
 We were very excited to assemble and play w/this classic toy ; Our 6 year-old-son has discovered Nascar . Unfortunately , the guard rails did not stay on and the pieces did not snap together easily.Once assembled one track worked very well - the car went so fast it flew off the track ! The other track worked inconsistently then not at all.If this toy did work it would be great fun !
 This Life-Like slot car set was easy to set up , and a blast to play with at first . However , after about two days of use the car would no longer run reliably . I tried cleaning the contact pads , replacing the contact pads , cleaning the track , etc. . Each attempt worked for a very brief period , and then the problems came back . The set eventually had to be returned.A slot car set for the kids should not have to be this much work !
 This is adorable and all you 'd expect from a Fisher Price Little People toy . It 's a fun hands-on christmas toy and decoration . However , I 'll second the other review ... it 's currenly $ 19.99 at Toys r Us !
 I purchased this toy for an 8 year old . The toy does not really do enough to hold the interest of a child this age . It walks very slowly . My child does not play with it . It might be appropriate for or hold the interest of a much younger child .
 Read the `` Product Features '' before you decide on buying this toy . Contrary to Amazon 's photo and what 's stated in other reviews , this toy does not include the voice scrambler -LRB- which was the item that swayed me to buy this damn thing -RRB- . Instead , it has a `` Secret Agent Pen . ''
 I bought this toy for my nephew and had it shipped directly to him . There was no option of gift wrapping which I thought was too bad.I saw him recently and he had with him the listening device from the set . He told me that the pen and revealer worked but that the other thing did not . Sorry , I am at a loss for what that component actually was . I may try and send it back to the seller and try and get it replaced.For $ 40 dollars I do n't think it is the best deal . 1 out of 4 did n't work - and they are just plastic !
 My son loves spy gear , but this was a huge waste of money . I have no idea were it is now and after getting this item , he barely touched it . Also multi pieces easily lost . It really doesnt do much .
 I tolded my mom to buy me this and it is the most boring thing ever !!! DONT BUY IT !!!!!! First The Ear Listener Is cheesy . If you Take it out your ear you can here the same thing . The Motion detector only goes off if someone touches the lens . But Who would do that . The Telescope is okay . The Voice changer is cool though . I would only Buy a voice changer if you could . YOU WILL HATE YOURSELF IF YOU BUY THIS TOY .
 You state you have to have 22 AAs and somewhere else you state you need 2 AAs . I looked in an Argos catalogue and it said 2 AAAs.Which is right ?
 I bought this product for my son when he was about four years old . The product description makes it out to be such a wonderful product that will spark interest in science in children . The loudspeaker feature supposedly lets the child listen to `` crunching '' sounds when the insect is eating and/or supposedly enables to listen to the `` tap , tap '' of insect footsteps . It is nothing like that . The only noise we heard was slight static and the noise our hands produced when we touched the container . Additionally , the lid is supposed to magnify the insect for easy observation , and details for the insect 's features . Not true ! There is a magnifying effect when looking through the lid , but nothing like the product description makes it out to be.This product was a disappointment and not worth the expense at all .
 This item was a highly requested item by both my children to use with their ` regular ' pixters . My children were very excited to get one , because ` now ' they could play with their pixters in the car during night travels/trips -LRB- or any time it was difficult to see the screen , which is pretty much most of the time ! -RRB- . Well , long story short , you can NOT use the light with the ` regular/original ' pixters ! It does NOT state anywhere on the package exactly what pixters they are compatable with . It only says that it can not be used with all pixters , and that statement is not very visible ! The light needs to be able to plug into the top of the pixter game unit and the ` regular/orginal ' units are not made for this . My kids were extremely disappointed , as was I !
 I bought it for my son to use with the Original Pixter also . And , I found what it was compatible with , after I realized that it did n't work with the original Pixter . The box I have says down in the bottom right corner -LRB- if the back of the box is facing you -RRB- of the back of the box in tiny print `` compatible with Pixter Plus and Pixter 2.0 '' . You would think they would put that on the front .
 This does not work for the coler PIXTER . There is no port to plug it in .
 This toy has two functions . First , it 's a four-note musical instrument . Second , it plays recorded Bach melodies . The two functions do n't have much to do with each other , so it 's no surprise that they 're poorly integrated.A button switches the musical instrument between three different voices , but it does n't change the playback.The four notes are sol , la , ti and do , so you ca n't play much besides `` Miss Mary Mack '' . Like most electronic toys , it is monophonic -LRB- playing only one note at a time -RRB- . A button switches between three voices , but the Bach playback is unaffected.The Bach sounds much like the Master himself might , if he were still alive but had abandoned the great organ of the Leipziger Thomaskirche for the beeping keypad of a microwave oven.The pipes still play while Bach is being played back -LRB- and by `` played back '' I mean `` desecrated '' -RRB- , but for some reason they play diferent notes -- but not the notes the Bach piece is beeping , so do n't try to play along.The notes are assigned backwards , so that the biggest pipe plays the highest note.A much better gift would be one of the Little Tikes pianos -LRB- which , being mechanical , are polyphonic -RRB- . And a CD of real Bach music .
 This game was the apple of my baby 's eye for about a week 0r so , and then I put it away . I bring it out every now and again , but nearing 13 months , baby has absolutely no interest in it anymore .
 I ordered the Spy Wrist Camera for my 7 year old son for Christmas . After placing the film in the camera and closing it , the film would not advance after many , many attempts . My son was devastated ! Also , the camera is bulky , and the wrist band is uncomfortable -LRB- according to my son -RRB- . A much better buy would be an inexpensive real camera for your child , although that might lack the `` spy '' appeal.This is not the first Wild Planet item I 've purchased that was defective . We ordered a lie detector wristwatch several months ago , and it was nonfunctional .
 My son received this as a gift , and I thought since he liked the ` English ' version he would like this one . He didnt seem to take to it as much . The music isnt as interesting and the songs are shorter . There are n't as many options for him . And on a personal level , the Spanish was Castellano with doesnt really help when most of us in the U.S. speak Espanol from the Americas . I think that they should make a version for the children that will be using it here on this Continent .
 I was disappointed with this toy . I felt a little misled when I read the discription because I thought it would come with the song , `` Wheels on the Bus '' in Spanish . Instead , there is a song which we were not familar . It is not a favorite of my daughter , nor any of her friends who visit .
 If you speak spanish , this toy will be a lot easier to work with . The instructions are all in spanish as is the toy 's general website . So , to teach spanish to a child is a bit misleading if you ca n't translate what the characters are saying ! On the other hand , my daughter seemed to like it for at least 3 days and I suppose just hearing `` different '' sounds has merit in and of itself .
 I have played this game for many years , but wanted to order a new set . What I discovered was apparently a bad design flaw in the pigs . The whole purpose of the game is when you roll the pigs you get points based on how they land . With this new set the pigs often landed in a position that was somewhere in between laying on their side and laying on their back . It appeared as if the tail was made wrong . The final landing position of the pigs means everything in the game and if you ca n't determine if you have `` razorback '' or if it 's laying on its side , then it 's useless . Amazon took the return with no problems whatsoever !
 This was interesting for perhaps 5 minutes while I still hoped that there was something else to it . Save your money , play mexican train dominoes instead .
 Got this game for Xmas from my adult son and have had so much fun playing it with both children and adults . The pigs are much quieter than regular dice and tend not to bounce off of the tabletop . It is very compact -- fits nicely in my purse . You ca n't go wrong with this fun game , but do n't be greedy and be sure to pass the pigs before you pig out !
 The score sheets are ridiculously small . Need a magnifiying glass to even read it . Ca n't imagine how a kid could even attempt to write down a score ! ... I sure could n't ! The game only comes with 2 pigs . What if one gets lost ? it could happen becasue they are so small . It would be nice to have at least 4 of them . Also , the devise for shaking the pigs is too narrow . Mostly the pigs get stuck in it . We use a cup from another game instead . Overall , it is a fun game , we have the one from the 70 's which came with 6 pigs , so we have them all . A large cup for shaking , and score pads that are large enought to write on . Why they changed the format I will never know .
 This game had good reviews and my granddaughter likes pigs so I purchased . However , I think the product is too small . When you `` roll '' the pig die , they land in various positions that really all looked the same to us and were difficult to compare to the various pictures in the instruction which you are to compare to and determine what type of `` roll '' you made . The score pad is so tiny ther is no way my handwriting or a kids handwriting will fit in the boxes . We truly could not play this game . The price was way too much for this flimsy set . I do not recommend . Sorry .
 The pigs are very small . Would be a great game for travel . But my family did n't get into it and we love games . Was n't that fun . I will stick with a deck of face cards .
 This is a complete piece of junk . The light is so dim , that a picture can only be traced in pitch dark . Unless you want your child staying up until midnight just so he can trace a picture , I 'd suggest you pass on this toy !
 Are you kidding me ? Clearly , Disney is are very proud of this game . I am sure that it is worth it .
 I 'm usually the one who is criticizing other reviewers for giving a product a bad review for silly reasons , by after reading the other reviews for this product , I ca n't believe that there are so many positive reviews .1 . The main reason to not buy this mobile is that the method by which it clamps to the crib is very weak . It wo n't take very much for the mobile to topple over and land on your kid 's head . This is somewhat dependent on the size and spacing of the spindles that make up your crib . Take a chance if you want . I recommend buying a different product .2 . The music starts off way too loud . See # 3 below .3 . Complaint # 2 would n't matter so much if the unit were to remember the last volume setting that you had used . Instead , the unit 's volume setting is reset each time it is turned on , to the loudest level .4 . The illuminated part of the mobile is no where near as colorful as the photos would have you believe.That said , our kid did like the mobile . It just annoyed and scared me and my wife . I ended up making a spacer block with some roll pins that went into holes that I drilled into the housing to prevent it from falling over . I also added some resistors in series and parallel with the speaker to lower the volume.Update
 I really do n't know how anybody could give this more than one star . The design is so poor I could n't even get mine to stand straight up . It just kept falling over . Do you think I would put my baby under this ? Nope , returned it and will never buy anything from this company again .
 I got this in the mail from PearleKids , which I ordered through Amazon , and I did n't actually order this specific Mobile . I wanted the Animal Farm one but they sent me this one instead . So they sent the wrong product . I went ahead and opened it to make sure and it was leaking . So I packaged it back up and have been attempting to return it for about 2 weeks now . I ca n't get ahold of anyone from Pearlekids to give me info on how to return it . I emailed and called , leaving 2 messages . No return calls . I finally called my credit card company to dispute the charge but that takes 30 days usually . So if you buy this do n't buy it from PearleKids !!!!
 I ordered this mobile but it did not work . I called the company and they sent me a new part . Still nothing . Called again . New part . Nothing . Customer service is great . Product stinks .
 This is a really cute mobile . When it was working , my son loved it . He talked to it for at least 20 minutes at a time . However , it stopped working after a couple of weeks . -LRB- And yes , I changed the batteries -- twice ! -RRB- The music played , but the mobile would n't turn . Another problem is that it does not stay in place . The base is very heavy , and difficult to secure to the side of the crib . The base twists , causing the arm to fall to the side , which could potentially hurt a child . It is very cute , but I would not recommend it .
 I purchased this as a gift for my 4 yr old niece and while she asked for it and loved the idea of being able to `` pretend '' to do yard work beside her dad , it broke in a relatively short period of time . I do n't think it 's built with rough and tough tykes in mind . But for the $ 10 it entertained her for a few days .
 This is a fun game but there is no on or off switch on the phone . You have take the batteries out when done playing or else it will keep talking . It 's not made very good . Save your money and buy Girl Talk , it 's a better game .
 My daughter wanted this game for Christmas so I bought it for her and wish that I would 've saved my time because it went back to the store ! The telephone worked for about 2 minutes tops and then became distorted . I changed the batteries and it still did n't work right . Maybe you will have better luck but I 'm not going to buy it again .
 It would have been a good game but the phone stopped working almost immediately . It 's been a while since I did my Christmas shopping so who knows where the receipt is but it was so annoying to have the game break that fast . My daughter was so upset .
 The phone in the game never worked ! Bought it in early October because of the great price and free shipping . My daughter never got to play with it christmas morning !
 I bought this toy for my little brother , as he is a big fan of Neopets . At first I was pleased , because it arrived only a few days after I ordered it , but I was very angry and disappointed when I opened the box . All the pieces were missing , rendering the toy unplayable -LRB- the batteries were also dead , not that it matters without the figures in the first place -RRB- . Honestly . From the other reviews , it seems that most other people got working toys , but I 'm not sure if I 'd take the chance again , as this was a major waste of money .
 I have the regular pocket neopet and have kept the pet alive for a very long time.This , on the other hand , is the worst toy -LRB- By the way , I have the Fairieland version -RRB- . I ca n't keep the pets alive for more than about two days . I try feeding them when their health points are low and after their fed , the points go even lower !! The games are also ridiculously hard and unlike the regular pocket game , their is no quick way to earn neopoints , exept for the wheel of excitement , which you can only play once every 2 hours , and you have to pay to spin it -RRB- :-LRB- !!!! -RRB-
 I have been playing Neopets since its inception , although I do have to admit that I have n't had the same account the whole time . As an adult who adores neopets I was sorely disappointed with this product . To play this game one must feed the pets three times a day at pre-scheduled intervals , times when I am unfortunately caught up at work and times when most children are in school . If you do not feed your pets they run away . It is difficult to buy food , toys , or petpets because everything is expensive and it is difficult to earn enough neopoints to keep your pets happy . I do not recommend this toy and I am very disappointed in the neopets design team . It would be a much more amusing toy if the pets could not work on a schedule and if there was an easier way to earn neopoints , even if they were just enough to keep your pet satisfied . Bringing down the prices within the game 's shops would help a great deal . While I have purchased other neopet products , I am no longer buying their items because I believe my dollar is my vote . Until they make a game that * works * they will not have my support . I do plan on continuing to play the actual game online .
 Dear Person who is reading this opinion , according to my studies i believe that this toy is not a good thing to purchase . Why ? because i think its fake ... i got a toy that is a lot different . it was the same model `` neopets deluxe meridell '' but the inside is a lot different and the colors of the neopets are fake -LRB- not original for their species . when i bought mine it had 3 AA batteries included . Thank You
 THIS TOY SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My mom got me this for Christmass instead of the Bratz Disco Runway set.It 's extremly flimsy and has a drinking theme ?! The Bratz drink smoothies from their smoothy bar not alchohal !!!!!!!!!!! This is a poor cheap imatation of the successful Bratz toys . the whole thing is.take itfrom a kid , just cause it 's cheaper in price than the Bratz stuff means you get what you pay for !
 I am the biggest Bratz fan eva . I HATE My Scene !! My Scene is cheap and really ugly ! Bratz are n't ugly , they 're beautiful . And do My Scene actually DO anything ????? Ok , they live in New York so WHY do n't they ever do anything besides shop ?????!! At least Bratz are active . And now they have the Bratz Sports collection . Yasmin is a soccer player , Cloe plays golf , Meygan bowls , Sasha Cheerleads and i forget what Jade goes . I LOVE Bratz =-RRB- Mattel are just cheap -LSB- ... -RSB- that cant think for themselves . . Did i also mention My Scene accessories are cheap ????????????? Ok , Bratz atke trips around the world , have slumber parties , go to the beach and hang out . For My Scene its just like `` So , where are the guys taking us tonight ? '' and `` LETS SHOP ! '' I mean , come on ! Bratz will ALWAYS be better than My Scene ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS !!!! Bratz live in a medium sized town and My Scene lives in a big city ... My mom thinks Bratz are 100 % prettier than My Scene , more durable , AND cooler . My Scene is NOTHING to Bratz ... HELLO !???????? And Bratz were out almost a year before My Scene . Bratz came out in the summer of 2001 and My Scene in the fall of 2002 !! So there !!!!!!!!! And Kenzie copied Meygan totally cause as we ALL know , Meygan was out WAY before Kenzie !!! And Delancey copied Yasmin 's mole , cause Yasmin was out before Delancey . Just face the facts MY SCENE fans , Bratz are wayyy better and they always will be , so GIVE UP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Hmmm ... maybe the lazy parent should have just bought the Bratz set their child wanted and just said no to the car!I got this for Christmas by mistake and it went back right away.Price and toy quality certainly show . My Scene pratically worships teens , everything you read on them says their `` real '' teenagers!WHO CARES ! This is not how a real teen or pre-teen acts or certainly dresses ! Its a typical stereo type that is offencive . Bratz are much more in the teen scene for many reasons but mostly since they do n't parade around stating their teens.My Scene copies everything Bratz did . Its good for a liitle kids I guess since this what their used to . I mean now kids have Lizzie Maguire and Raven who care only about boys and hair being teenagers to look after , and are buisy with their boyfriends when their 9 since their parents constantly work.Its sad to kno what they see . Anyway , it 's like my mom always says , `` It 's just another Barbie Doll ... '' .
 MY SCENE ARE SMELLY AND BRATZ ARE WAYYYYY BETTER . ANYWAY , WHEN YOU TAKE THE MY SCENE 'S SHOES OFF , THEY HAVE TINY BARBIE FEET ! THAT IS SOOOO SCARY . MY SCENE R CIPYCATS OF BRATZ , LOOK : MADISON = YASMIN AND FIANNAKENZIE = MEYGANCHELSEA = DANA , PHOEBE AND ROXXINOLEE = JADEBARBIE AND DELANCEY = CLOEMY SCENE SUK WHY DO YOU DUMB PEOPLE LIKE THEM ? BRATZ DONT DRINK ALCOHOL!THATS ALL
 I recieved this for Christmas and have only played with it once because it got boring.The furniture takes up WAY too much room . Also , Nolee -LRB- the doll that comes with the Sound Lounge -RRB- is taller than the Sound Lounge itself ! The little coffee table that comes with it is sopposed to store CD 's , but it falls apart , scratches your CD 's big time and I can NEVER get it to close !
 This Barbie bar scene product should be pulled from the shelves . It comes complete with cocktail glasses , bimbo outfit , and the whole club atmosphere . What is Mattel trying to do here ? Are they just trying to give parents trouble ? Some say it 's good for pre-teens and teens ? How many at that age still play with Barbie ? Try ages 4-8 , at best . Should Mattel help kids of any age practice and pretend to drink and go to clubs ? Sadly enough , business ethics and social morals might be a non-issue here ; however , much of society still values it , Mattel .
 Um ... hi ... I 'm really not a myscene fan but I feel it 's my duty to point this out . My Scene and Barbie are from Mattel , but Bratz are from MGA Entertainment . Just look on the box or the back of a Bratz ' head and it 'll have imprinted `` MGAE 2001 '' or something like that .
 look at this . people say bratz go to clubs and now my scene do . bratz are betta cuz they are innocent girls who just like to do their best at stuff . they go to SCHOOL , they do SPORTS , they go to TOKYO and LONDON . they get lotsa new friends . my scene copied bratz cuz luk at mi chart-barbie - cloemadison - fianna , yasmin , nevrachelsea - meygan , roxxi , phoebenolee - tiana , jadedelancey - yasmin 's molejai - sasha
 Cool games , but it could n't have been made any cheaper . The pegs are cheap plastic and were made with awful molds . The plastic is not smooth and has all kinds of deformities . The holes are drilled too large so the pegs lean . The directions are impossible to understand without reading many times . It 's obvious that someone in an ESL class wrote them
 Purchased for may nephew who noted that the pieces are very small and pretty low quality .
 We bought this sleeping bag at another store because my son is such a `` Wiggle fanatic '' and he hated the sleeping bag due to it 's 100 % polyester content . It 's hard to snuggle up and get cozy in 100 % polyester . Finally we brought it back , really too bad . But children 's merchandise should also be as good in quality as what we adults like to sleep on-100 % cotton . If you do n't mind polyester , it should be a good buy . Otherwise I would not recommend it .
 From the discription of the product , I expected the glow to be as brilliant as the Glow in the Dark Xtreme Stars . But they were not . They are just sitting in a drawer in my son 's room .
 My son needed to build a crystal diode radio for the Communications Merit Badge in the Boy Scouts . I searched the internet to find a good price and this was it . The instructions were fairly easy to understand and my son built it himself without supervision . But he was unable to get it working . I took a look at it and found that the problems he had were primarily due to incorrectly orienting the kit 's chassis to the drawing . Maybe colored springs would make it easier to know what connects where but I ca n't fault them for that , there needs to be some challenge . The real issue I have with the radio is it does n't pull in radio stations very well.From my own experimentation I grounded the kit correctly and hung the antenna at its full height . I could only find one radio station and it was so quiet I could just hear the peaks of the conversation . I went over the connection two more times to ensure that I had n't shorted anything -LRB- a real problem with spring clips -RRB- and never achieved any better reception . However the radio worked just enough for my son to get his merit badge.I have built these radios when I was a kid and they actually worked well . I think this needs to be re-engineered to improve the sensitivity and increase the volume coming out of the ear phone .
 The instructions are vague and outright wrong at several points . If you do not know your electronic symbols and a little about electrical circuit theory , you are going to be challenged to get this working.Certainly not something children could assemble alone as an educational aid like Crystal Radio Kits should be . But it does work once you figure everything out . Just do n't expect much from an audio/tuning standpoint . This is an experiment in radio theory , not a pleasure radio . At best you may faintly hear one or two nearby stations . But , that is not the point . The point is how radio waves from miles away are able run a radio receiver with no other source of power.This is very similar to what WW2 prisoners of war created in their prisons to monitor allied radio signals . You can construct one of these the size of a cigarette pack and the only manufactured item you need is the diode . If one could sneak in a diode -LRB- the size of a 1/2 &#34; piece of pencil lead -RRB- , everything else can be fashioned from everyday materials . Pretty amazing !
 I bought this to share with my grandson . I have been in radio , as a professional and as a hobby for over 50 years , and this kit was poor at best . The recovered audio was so low as to be almost inaudible in the supplied earphone . Not a good example of what radio is all about . Will look for something more complete .
 We bought this in January for my daughters science fair . The girls worked with their science teacher . They never could get it to work . It was a waste of money .
 I purchased this for my cub scout den . The boys had a great time putting it together and learning . However , it did n't work . We tried our best to tune into Tokyo with no luck .
 This game is basically the same idea as the book ` If ... ' . However , it does n't have as many questions and costs 2 to 3 times as much . That said , it is a reliable conversation starter .
 i like this product because of the extra tracks . I needed them to add something different beside the oval it was going in . what i did n't like was the piers . . the piers were plastic and some of them did n't fit the track properly .
 my kids -LRB- 4 and 51/2 -RRB- love mighty beans . and theyre pretty cheap so we started collecting them . for months i was searching for a mighty bean track and coulndt find one . people who worked in stores looked at me with a blank look on their faces ... finally i found this 1 and my wife and i tried to put it together ... its so flimsy that 1 touch knocks the track off of the holder -LRB- its not attached ! -RRB- . also the inclination isnt steep enough to let the beans go down the slope every time ... just pretty much a waste of money
 It would not allow me to place zero stars ... the book that came with it was instructional . 1st off there is no way to know which plant is which . The smallest is the size of 2 heads of pins . Saturns rings are paper and constantly fall off . The lovely glow in the dark glue -LRB- PAINT ????? -RRB- was all dried up . The plastic black sting type stuff does not stay tied so the planets fall off . -LRB- over and over , again and again -RRB- The criss cross hanger was also a pain ... There was nothing to hold the balls in place . Any slight tilt and they continued to fall off . -LRB- over and over , again and again . -RRB- I had to go out and purchase more glow in the dark paint . I finally glued the planets to the plastic string , the plastic string to the small holder and the small holders to the criss cross hanger . To solve the plants from falling off I had to apply glue into the slots of the arms of the hangers . Trying to make this whole solar system stay in tact it took a total of 5 times to take it apart , put it back together , take it apart , glue everything , put it back together then wait for the all the glued parts to dry . My daughter hated it ... she wanted it taken down the balls kept sliding then it would hang sideways . We finally moved it to a corner of the room where nothing would jeopordize the gravitational pull !!!!! I fiqure since I make 30.00 per hour as a RN the maker of this TOY ?????? owes me 5 days ,5 hours and 36 minutes of pay . I know this really sounds exagerated but it truly was a pain .
 Do not buy this kit ! It was awful . The glow-in-the-dark paint flaked off as soon as it was dry . Some of the planets are ridiculouly small -LRB- who cares if they 're to scale ! -RRB- . The line was hard to tie , did not stay tied , remained coiled because the planets were so small and was unattractive -LRB- should have been more like fishing line -RRB- . My daughter spent a great deal of time on this project and in her words `` It did not work . ''
 Really bad quality . I was hoping for a nice mobile for my boys ' room so I bought this one . You have to paint the planets to make them glow in the dark and they do n't ! The string that you attach to the planets is awful and curls up . I should have spent more money and upgraded !
 Where to begin with this waste of a perfectly good Sunday afternoon ? I bought this to donate to a low-income childcare center -- thus , I put it together for them . WILL NOT DONATE ! Background
 I really wanted to give these a higher rating , but I just ca n't . The colors are okay , they 're definitely fun to use , and I love the effects I can create with various shades of grey , but these are not durable at all . I 've used them 4 times , meaning
 While the table looks nice enough do yourself a favor and avoid this.The assembly process is a nightmare and you will find yourself spending HOURS just trying to get the long screws -LRB- There are many too so be prepared -RRB- to fit into the nuts that you also will have to situate into the cheap wooden frame.The screws much to my shock DO NOT thread into the SUPPLIED nuts that you now have buried 3/4 inch into the frame.No matter how much you turn them and tweak with the nuts inside the frame they often fail to catch.You will find yourself taking whole sides off just because the other side would not latch due to this.It looks like they packed the thing in a box and overlooked the assembly process . If you have HOURS nd HOURS to waste on this than buy it . The product looks decent enough.Myself I never saw it done . It was in pieces all over the floor with Nuts and bolts everywhere.I could have went to home depo picked up countless screws and slammed the thing together somehow but by this point I was disgusted with the whole thing.Avoid this and buy something else .
 It looks cute enough . The picture does it justice , but this did n't last us 9 months ! It took HOURS to put together ... and I am pretty good at that stuff ;-RRB- Once together , it was fine for a short while , but the tiny screws that hold the table together completely come out of the wood ... unfixable . It 's a shame . A simple redesign of the table would make this a charming set . Complete waste of my money and broke my daughters heart when it fell apart. : -LRB-
 This toy is a wonderful idea with poor quality . I bought this for my daughter and she really enjoyed it , albeit briefly . My biggest complaint was that the paper is glued to the wood , and the glue does not work well enough . Within a week or so of purchasing , and with not much play time , the clothing started to peel off its wood backing . I called the company and left a detailed message . No one ever returned my call , which was disappointing since I was under the impression that they stood behind their products .
 The yo-yo I recently bought and received today -LRB- a lime green Yomega Saber Raider -RRB- from ToysNGamesEtc was advertised as `` Brand New , Factory Sealed , Fast Shipping , Satisfaction Guaranteed . '' However , upon receiving it , I noticed right away that it was not factory sealed , but had tape on the package to keep it closed . And then when I opened it , there were scuff marks on the yo-yo showing that it was obviously not brand new . And if that did n't give it away , when I twisted the yo-yo open , I noticed that the string that it came on was both black and frayed where it was around the bearing . I expected more since this was the third yo-yo I have bought from ToysNGamesEtc in the past week . The other two were as advertised , but then this one came and was not .
 I found this doll by doing a search for Barbie . In the description it says `` You know who but ... '' , alluding to the doll being a Barbie . I suppose I should 've known better but I guess I trusted Toys R Us & Amazon . The doll is okay , but not worth what I paid for it as it is just a generic doll in a blue jumpsuit with some cheap stickers attached .
 I got this doll for xmas and I was disappointed . She has a cheap jumpsuit with cheap stickers on it . The suitcase broke after playing with it once . This doll is really cheap . She has stiff hair and she smells weird . This is one of the ugliest dolls I have ever gotten !! Do n't buy it it is not worth the money and she is cheaply made !!! It is bot a fun doll to play with .
 tHE DOLL MEETS EXPECTATIONS FOR DETAIL AND ACCESSORIES , SHE IS VERY PRETTY AND ELEGANT-BUT SHE CAME WITH NO STAND !!! AN EXPENSIVE PORCELAIN DOLL REALLY SHOULD COME WITH A STAND
 Was very disappointed when I recieved the doll . She looks completly different than shown . The dress is cheap quality and was broken , the porcelain is cheap . The eyelashes were not even .
 I was really disappointed with the condition of these blocks , and feel bad about giving them to my granddaughter to play with . The introduction to sports is cute , but they do n't do much to hold a baby 's interest - do n't even stack properly .
 My son has never , ever played with his peek-a-blocks . He has given them a glance here and there and that is about it . I do n't know why , he is just not interested in them whatsoever .
 This toy was given as a gift to my son for his second birthday . The box says 6 months plus , so perhaps when the baby is in the one year old stage it is more fun . There is an object in each block , which looks like a toy that you can not get to , no matter how hard you try . They are supposed to stack but do n't stack well . He does like to throw them though - watch out they are a hard plastic .
 My son enjoyed the auditory peek a blocks when he was under a year , so I purchased this set when he was a bit older . I thought he would enjoy looking at them since he absolutely loves any and all types of balls . Well , instead of looking at them and trying to figure out how each ball moves inside , he just throws them . I could have spent my $ $ buying a soft ball instead of handing him a hard block to chunk across the room !
 Love 4 out of 6 blocks . Need to teach healthy habits by showing healthy choices of food - what happened to the veggies ? Why would you put cake and cookies as food for infants ... this is going to teach little ones to consider these items in the same category as fruits - this is very unhealthy for the child 's mind . I wish they would get it right . Healthy ideas , healthy toys , healthy kids ... . no junk food allowed . So you would have to throw out two blocks - then it is a bit expensive for only 4 blocks .
 My daughter was so disappointed in this product . It makes a huge mess , crumbles apart , its really a lot like moon sand which we hated too.Stick to play doh .
 I just purchased this for my 2 kids -LRB- 6 and 2 -RRB- because they LOVE play dough and moon sand . It is very crumbly and wont stick together , it wont roll into balls or shape into anything without the molds . It 's difficult to get the dough out of the molds too.On the commercial it shows them making balls and bricks ... no way . Do n't waste your money , play dough is much better .
 A mess to work withNot what is was advertised to be
 When we left squirrel on leather couch overnight , 10 % of the tiny furs were all over the couch!My dad got so mad , he threw away the squirrel within 1 day ! I wasted my money !
 If you are looking for a ship that the pieces stay on after you put it together this is not it . We got this ship for my son for Christmas and we are very disappointed . All of the good reviews are misleading . This ship takes about an hour to put together but the sails come off easily and so do many of the parts . This would be a great creative toy but your child is too busy trying to make it look like a pirate ship and keep the pieces on the ship . Needless to say we are in search of something more sturdy . Too bad bacause it is such a great looking ship !
 Based on past experience with Hangar 9 products , I expected a quality product , but I was very disappointed . Upon opening the package , I could not believe the number of parts for something so simple . Over 20 screws alone!The ends are made of a very hard press-board that requires pilot holes be drilled for every screw and there was noting indicating where the hardware should go - not even a dimple to mark the screw location . The small screws were of inferior quality , made of very soft metal , which resulted in the head being stripped before the screw was fully seated . I used replacement screws from my toolbox after the second failure of the ones supplied.The clasps mounted on the cross bar that hold the stand in position have no method to adjust after being mounted and have no springs to maintain tension . If they are mounted even an 1/8 '' off in either direction , they either wo n't close , or wo n't stay closed . Having slots that would allow slight adjustments instead of holes , or adding a spring mechanism that would allow some error in spacing when mounting would remedy this problem.The arms that hold the fuselage are extremely awkward to adjust , using a series of holes and bolts , requiring them to be completely dissembled entirely by removing two bolts , with washers and wing nuts , each time you attempt to get the correct width . If they were made with slots instead of holes , you could assemble the arms once and simply slide them in or out to adjust.In hindsight , I would not have purchased it and I highly discourage anyone from buying this stand .
 I guess I was just expecting more from this gift , and it is partially my fault for not reading the full description better but i basically expected them to be bigger , both from the picture and just in general due to the level of detail required to reproduce the characters . I will be keeeping them and giving them as a gift as intended , and see how well they go over , but my not hoping for a lot , definitely had higher expectations for the product than what was delivered .
 I was n't happy with this . It was a gift for a NBC fan . It was a while back but I remember feeling foolish that I paid that much for it . If you saw it in a store you would expect to pay $ 2 tops . I think she liked it as a fan , but it was more like a christmas ornament than a doll.To be fair , I probably did n't read the description well enough , and maybe my expectations were unrealistic . It does say that they are only 7 '' . I had other NBC items as a gift and I used this doll set as the `` bow '' on the package . For that it worked well .
 If this was -LSB- . . -RSB- then its worth it but they are too small , too lightweight , and not durable enough to be called a TOY . Garbage . Wish i never spent my hard earned money on this .
 Unlike the description of the product suggests , this product is not made in Germany . It 's actually made in China , which is a big problem if you , like myself , do n't buy made-in-China baby products .
 I thought this would be a fun game where we could look for clues . It 's not . It 's boring ! It 's hard to put together , it would n't stay together , very flimsy .
 My daughter is 5 and loves games and Scooby Doo . She got this for Christmas , and even she does not enjoy it because it is so flimsy . Pieces fall off when you attempt to play . The premise is silly also . Well , I guess Scooby Doo in general is silly , but the game board fall apart at every turn and it is so frustrating to play .
 Please spare yourself the agony of this poor excuse of a toy . I ca n't say enough bad things . Took my wife 1 hour of trying to put together before she gave up . I managed to get it together in about 20 minutes . Beware , you will need a micro scope to read the directions . It 's so small an un-legible there may as well be no directions.Once the game is together it 's very flimsy and poorly bilt . This game was obviously never tested by children when it was being produced . B/c had it , it never would have been made . I could n't even push the ghost on top down without pieces of the game falling apart . Forget a kid doing it.My 2 boys are huge Scooby Doo fans . They could n't wait to play it . Even my 5 yeard old is quoting as saying , `` this game 's a piece of junk . `` Save your kids the disapointment and stay far away from this garbage .
 Although the Scooby-Doo board game was fun initially , it quickly lost its appeal when we soon realized that the pieces do n't hold together that well at all . The back walls come loose and fall down constantly as do the snake stairs . It 's nearly impossible to get past the snake stairs because almost every time you get on them , you have to press the ghost down and then you fall off them . The snake stairs also come apart from the frame of the game and you have to try to assemble them again . We decided to keep it together all the time instead of disassembling it and putting it back in the box every time we were done with it , but that did n't prevent us from having to assemble it each time we wanted to play with it and having to assemble it several times during the game as well.All in all , very poor quality and craftsmanship and just an annoyance to play . The bother far outweighs the educational and entertainment benefits .
 This game was only fun for my family insofar as we laughed and laughed every time another piece fell off . Every time someone had to push the ghost down , one of us would yell , `` call the repairman ! '' Traps almost spring , hinges jam , and players fall off the board -LRB- creating amusing family controversy over which player used to be on which space -RRB- . One of the most fun and entertaining challenges of this game was trying to figure out where the players start , which is not indicated on the board or in the instructions . The game is especially fun for four players , as the instructions state that players may not occupy the same space , and must therefore stack up behind one another in a delightful log-jam configuration . After a rollicking ten minutes of sheer side-splitting frustration , we declared our six-year-old the winner and then selected another game that might tempt us to play it more than once .
 Such great promise . The box makes it look like a really neat toy.Here 's the truth : It 's terribly made of cheap cardboard pieces -LRB- including the tokens -RRB- It 's pain to put togetherIt will fall apart many times dueing gameplay.It will not fit back into the box assembled , so it will need to be completely taken apart and reassembled for each play.The game is just not fun . Spin a spinner , move the cheap cardboard pieces on a cheap carboard board . Pressing the `` trap '' trigger shakes the whole thing and knocks every piece over , so every turn is spent picking up the pieces again . No originality . You literally may as well get some dice , some pennies , and a piece of notebook paper with some squares drawn on it . It would be a much more fun experience than this.Sorry ... my family are big Scooby fans , but this purchase was a mistake .
 This game is a blast if it does n't break . I played it with my 5 year old for about 30 minutes before it broke . We sent it back and Amazon got us another one very fast . Second toy has n't broken yet . Basically you move your scooby character through the game and if the spinner lands on a `` ghost '' , you press a spring loaded ghost on top of the game . The ghost turns some gears inside the game and randomly activates `` traps '' which can do various things to your character -- very fun . The ghost on top is what broke so that it popped back up violently and would send your scooby flying across the room ... still funny but not the way it 's supposed to work . Furthermore , it broke with an adult operating the game . I ca n't imagine this will hold up with unsupervised kids playing it . Bottom line , it 's super cheap chinese made garbage , but it 's also really fun ... worth the risk for $ 15-20 .
 ... Until we tried to play it the second time . It 's actually a fun game for kids -LRB- I 'd say under 9 years old -RRB- but please read the other reviews . It 's very poorly made . Ours lasted one round and then the spring mechanism failed . Took more time to set it up , read the directions and get ready than to play . It is not a better mousetrap .
 It does n't stay together , the instructions are unclear and the spinner does n't stay put . I 'm not sure how I will even store this , but we have n't even gotten through one game yet . It makes kids cry .
 Lasted for two games , during which I was the sole operator . My daughter was crushed when it stopped working the first night we put it together , and I have already contacted the game company directly to lodge a complaint.Update
 This game is reasonably fun , but a pain to set up and take down . Even worse , it does n't fit back in the box it came in , and so is a pain to store . All the hassle makes us not want to play it much .
 I gave this three stars for fun ... but only one star overall - the only fun we had was laughing at how the whole thing falls apart and the spinner flies off then actually playing . It is a very cool looking game , but I ca n't believe how poorly it is constructed .
 I currently have two very sad little boys who had gotten this game for Christmas and were so excited to play it . After setting it up , which is a pain due to the miniscule pictograms that are supposed to be directions , we pushed on the top ghost twice and the gears jammed and now nothing will move . I am boxing it up and taking it back to the store tomorrow . Only because my kids were so excited will I try to pick up another one and hope that it was just a flaw for this game , because I did not see this complaint in any of the other reviews . Will update if it improves , but I would not recommend setting your kids up for disappointment .
 This game absolutely sucks . Be forewarned . You WILL be disappointed . It is incredibly cheaply made , comes apart constantly during play and the game element really sucks too -LRB- it makes Uncle Wiggle seem like Axis and Allies -RRB-
 this is way too hard to put together and shoddy once it is finally set up . very shakey when `` playing '' . rules for being `` trapped '' are too hard . fun for kids to destroy & they like the characters , but so not worth it , really . sorry . I 've never felt strongly enough about something to do a review until this mess .
 I concur witht he silly-ness of the whole family trying and failing at putting it together and guessing how you should play . KEY *** press slowly and listen for the CLICK ! But if you do n't hear it every time you 'll be saying - Scooby Doo What the ...
 First off , my 5 year old son seems to like the game at least the 1st time we played and wants to play it again . For the money , I was expecting a better quality game . This is one purchase I really regret . I would return it for another game , but , I do n't want to break my 5 year old 's heart since he is a HUGE Scooby fan.CONS : The directions are non-existent as previously mentioned . It took well over an hour to put together.The pieces were hard to attach.It does n't fit back in the box . It needs to be re-assembled every time by `` an adult '' -LRB- stated on the directions -RRB- . Therefore , we put it in a bigger box since re-assembling the game will result in the pieces being ruined after a few times.We 're still trying to figure out the spinner . When attached , it wo n't spin or it falls apart.Pressman Toys website is horrible as well , When I tried to go through their email contacts to find out what to do about the spinner , I got an error when I submitted . Now , I will have to find the time to call . Next game I buy will definitely not be a Pressman Toys Game !
 We bought this for a 5yr old who loves Scooby Doo for his birthday and helped him set it up and were really disappointed with the quality . It is very cheaply made and does not go together easily . He and his brother quickly lost interest in this weakly designed , poorly made excuse for a toy even though they both love the characters . Too bad there are not better toys to excite the kids who love to watch the videos .
 The instructions to put this thing together were a joke !!! I was squinting at the teeny pictures trying to figure out which piece matched which picture . I had to guess at most of it . Half the `` traps '' do n't work . My son still enjoys it though . All I have to do is make sure he wins ! And do n't try to move this game . You just push it a teeny bit and the sides fall off , the stairs fall off , etc. . Good luck !
 I am not impressed with this game for the money spent . Hard to put together takes up to much room to leave it up all the time . My daughter has played with it only a couple of times . Not the best !!!
 This toy looks really cool on the box . It would probably be fun to play if it would stay together , but that is just too much to hope for ! My son is 6 and loves Scooby Doo . I put this game together and it would not hold up even for one time of play . Also , there is no way to store it because it does n't fit back in the box after it is put together . If you had to take it down and put it back together more than once it would be a crumbled mess . Do n't buy this toy !!
 This game is almost a complete waste of money . My 4 year old son loves Scooby-doo and will move the toys around the game board for a bit , but they are very unstable and repeatedly fall over . It is a bit frustrating and fails to hold his interest for very long because of its poor construction . He normally has a very good , long attention span and can play many other games with no problem -LRB- Hungry Hippos , Hi-Ho CherryO , memory , go fish , Candy Land -RRB- . The Scooby game is good for about ten minutes -LRB- I do n't last that long -RRB- , whereas we can play the other games together for an hour or more.My 7 year-old nephew reacted similarly.Cons :1 . Very poor directions on assembly ; small pictures and not descriptive . They would be better off not including them . It is easier to assemble by looking at the picture on the box .2 . The game directions are pretty poor as well , it does n't tell you what to do if a character ca n't move because the cage is down , or if more than one character are the same space , etc. 3 . The game board a pieces are very easily knocked over , and you need to be very careful when pushing down the ghost on top to not knock over all of the pieces .4 . The beginning spaces are very hard to get to without knocking into some part of the haunted house and knocking down all of the pieces currently on the board .5 . Ca n't store the game in the box without taking the board apart.Pros :1 . Counting -LRB- I think you are better off with Hi Ho Cherry-O for that -RRB- .2 . The traps are kind of neat if you just want to see the characters trapped or knocked off and do n't mind the characters all getting knocked over when you push down on the ghost , and it is a Scooby haunted house.I think they would have been much smarter to just make a haunted house play house with actual figurines and traps and have it cost more .
 When you open the box , figure out how to play the game and play it first time ... it 's fun . BUT the game is cheaply made , comes apart very easily and difficult to store . Thus , the second time you want play , not so much fun . My four year old son had the game for three weeks and it went in the garbage . It was very disappointing and a big waste of money . DO not buy it .
 The game is actually a pretty good concept and kind of fun . Plus , it has the bonus of going pretty quickly . Unfortunately , it is made so cheaply -LRB- overpriced ! -RRB- that at times it is almost impossible to play . First off , the game board is small , so it is even hard for smaller hands to move the pieces on the back of the lower lever . Then the snakey stairs fall off continually . Plus , they are so shaky that the characters fall off almost every move which is a complete pain . Once you make it above the snakey stairs , the rest of the game is OK . Assembly is very easy . Our ghost did n't pop up properly at first , but now works fine . Beware - your kids will want to press down the ghost all the time . I do n't see this game lasting long without breaking .
 My daughter wanted this game very badly for her birthday . I was hesitant after reading the reviews . Most talked about how difficult it was to put together . One review however said they had no problems and maybe there were improvements made . This toy is horrible !! It is difficult to put together and falls apart when you are trying to play the game , very frustrating . Big waste of $ $ .
 My 7 year old really wanted this . She got it for Christmas , played it once and it went on the game shelf forever . Took longer to assemble than she spent actually playing it . Lesson learned .
 We got this game for our six year old last Summer . The kids really liked playing it but every time you push down the ghost , playing pieces would fall off . Eventually , it got to be very annoying for us and the kids . The board is not sturdy at all and we never could get the stairs to stay on or the spider web and the moose head was a pain to put together . We just tossed it .
 My daughter has been wanting this game for a long time . I read the reviews and saw how everyone was complaining about it , but she LOVES Scooby , so I thought it was worth a try . We got it out today and it is a nightmare to put together ! I think the biggest problem is the directions . It is one sheet of paper in black and white with tiny pictures . You ca n't really tell how things are supposed to go together . Instead I looked at the box and tried to put it together that way . Things do n't seem to stay in place very well -LRB- especially these two little statues -RRB- I do n't see that I could ever put it back in the box , it 's too much work to put together ! Luckily , my daughter has a scooby doo themed room , so I can just leave it up.The gameplay is fun . She really liked it when people got caught in the cage . This game is a lot like mousetrap . It 's a lot of work to setup with not too much gameplay . If your child really likes Scooby , they will probably like this game -LRB- even if they just play with it as a castle and not play the actual game -RRB- but be prepared as a parent to get really frustrated putting it together !
 I hide this game because it can not be played with out a huge arguement . Set up is painful . Game pieces are flimsy cardboard . And yes , the house is supposed to shake ... but just the act of pressing the button often knocks EVERYONE off the board . Then you have to decide `` what counts '' and what was an `` accident '' . Miserable .
 I 've never written a bad review before , but I feel I should in order to warn others . This is a very cheap cue rack that was chipped in a few places and even had a long split in one of the boards . Do n't go by the color of stain in the picture , it is very misleading . It is a much darker color when you get it . Do n't waste your money on this ! Spend the extra money and get one thats going to last .
 I 'm an avid puzzler and have done numerous large -LRB- > 5000 pieces -RRB- puzzles . I just spent the last couple of months -LRB- off an on -RRB- completing the Clementoni Magna Carta 6000 piece puzzle -LRB- yes I know this is a different puzzle but Amazon discontinued the Magna Carta -RRB- . I was disappointed with the quality of the product and even more disappointed with the customer service . The puzzle is n't cut correctly down the horizontal and vertical axis . It looks like the puzzle is constructed in 4 pieces and the joints do n't fit together well , giving the false impression that the puzzle is not put together correctly . I was also surprised that a puzzle this size did not come with a larger picture inside , which most other companies provide , instead you have to use the small picture on the box . Once put together , the puzzle is beautiful , with vibrant colors and detailed images . However , the reason I only gave this puzzle one star is because of Customer service . After completing the puzzle , there is one piece missing . I have been doing puzzles for decades and have never lost a piece , however it is entirely possible -LRB- and probably likely -RRB- that I lost the piece . That said , Clementoni offers a puzzle piece replacement program . You fill out a postcard , cut out and attach the UPC and they claim they will send you a bag with all the pieces -LRB- personally this seems like a waste for only one piece , but so be it -RRB- . I did per the instructions and did n't hear anything for a couple of weeks so I emailed customer service directly . After a couple of days , I received a reply which said they do n't offer the puzzle piece replacement service in the US -LRB- 22 other countries are supported but not the US -RRB- . I 'm guessing this may be due to shipping costs , so I replied to the customer service rep and told them I 'd be willing to cover shipping costs . In fact , I sent them a hi-resolution picture of which piece was missing so they would n't have to send me the whole bag , further cutting down on shipping costs . I also suggested that they could send the bag to a friend of mine in the UK -LRB- a supported country -RRB- , who would then ship it to me . It 's been over two weeks -LRB- and another email -RRB- and so far I have not received any response.For those who do large puzzles , you can understand that it takes a little bit of OCD to sit for hours in front of thousands of pieces trying endless combinations to fit them together . I have a beautiful 6000 piece puzzle with one piece missing , it 's driving me a little nutty and Clementoni refuses to help .
 I noticed all the four and five star reviews for this product and it was because of those reviews that I ordered these dolls for my young niece . First of all , I want to say if I am just reviewing the product itself I would give five stars . It was a beautiful set of dolls . The reason I am writing this review is because I feel that people should be warned about the incredibly poor way the dolls were packaged . These dolls come from Russia . I paid over $ 20 for shipping and handling and when the dolls arrived the outer doll had two significant scrapes on her head . This obviously happened because of the shoddy packaging that they were shipped in . It was not cardboard it was so thin and there was NO , absolutely NO cushioning around the dolls themselves . It was a miracle that the doll had n't cracked all together . I tried to deal with the seller who was very flipant and said this only happens once in a thousand times . HUH ! Then I ended paying shipping to send it to an odd address in Nevada ; no where near Russia to a guy named Vic . I ended up paying more shipping to send it there and then I notified Amazon and my credit company for a rebate because I never heard from Vic again . I finally bought the same dolls from a company in the states . They came within a week , boxed very carefully and in perfect condition . This is just a `` heads UP '' to anyone who wants to avoid a poosible shopping drama during the holidays or anytime other time.UPDATE
 Just FYI
 I was very disappointed in my order . First of all , I ordered a cherry wood cue stick holder . When it came , it was a maple or the like . I decided it would be more trouble to sent it back than it was worth . So , I kept it . I was giving it to my daughter for a birthday gift . I helped put it together and was somewhat happy with it except it seemed kind of small . I had one years ago that was perfect . Well , where it is designed to put the balls for the pool table , all but two of the balls would fit . The one I had years ago would accommodate all the balls , as this one should . Why accommodate all but two balls ? Because it was not regulation size ! I gave it to my daughter and her family and they are happy just to have a place to put the pool sticks , but I am VERY DISAPPOINTED !
 The nail dryer in the first kit we ordered did not work . I contacted the company and was sent another kit plus some extra items for the trouble . The second nail dryer worked a couple times then quit . I did not bother getting it replaced .
 I am disappointed since this is Faber Castell . The dryer has sharp edges and the plastic is terrible . Not to mention it is meaningless . The nail polishes are very very ugly colors . The nails do not stick , also when separated from the plastic , little chips or bumps remain at the edges . Ugly , ugly , ugly . The slippers are difficult to put on , they ca n't stay on the feet while trying to do the toe nails . The `` spa bag '' is horrible to touch , feels like a sandpaper . The whole thing is a joke . I am upset because my little girl bursted into tears at the look of the ugly dark blue and mud green colors and exclaimed
 The littles Neal polishthe small nail polish was dry any one was working I do not like because I have to bay more neal polish
 Bought two of these and was so excited for my daughter and her little friend -LRB- they 're 2 -RRB- and upon opening the gifts , the glitter case was busted in one of them , the nail polish does n't stay on through a shower and the carry bags ripped as soon as you lift them up after filling them with the nail polish and stuff !! Really horrible
 Bought this for my grand-daughter for Christmas and the nail dryer does n't work . And I 'm told I can not return it to Amazon because it contains &#34; flammable liquids &#34; . I find it interesting that they can ship flammable liquids to ME , but I ca n't ship flammable liquids back to THEM.So I have six very tiny bottles of nail polish that cost nearly $ 30 . NOT a happy Amazon shopper right now !
 We set up the nail dryer and it worked for about 10 seconds . Its all my daughter asked Santa for , and she was deeply disappointed .
 This is a perfect example of `` seller abuse '' . I separeted the `` Ultimate Nail Studio Kit '' for $ 17.50 3 months in advance and I was waiting for black Friday to maybe save a little money but instead of decreasing in price it sky high all the way to $ 49.99 !!!! ARE YOU KIDDING ME !!! to tell you more I still have it on my saved basket for the original price -LRB- of course when I click on it it takes me to the new price but is to prove that in fact was waayyyyyy cheaper -RRB- . So do n't waste your money instead wait to see if this seller has a little bit if sensitive left and stop trying to still money from us customers . Or simply move to another gift ... Is not worth it !
 This was a gift and never worked from the time we opened it . The girls still played with it but what a disappointment !
 The product arrived in a timely manner.However after just 1 use the nail dryer quit working.This is a major part of this product and a letdown to our daughter .
 My daughter was pining for this really badly . She had a gift certificate for Amazon and decided to spend it on this since the packaging looks so cool . We usually like the Creativity for Kids products although many are similar in that there is super cool packaging but not much substance.The kit includes foam cutouts for toe separation - nothing fancy , just foam . The pedicure slippers are just flat pieces of thin foam that has a slipper shape cut-out with the straps precut . The slippers are absolutely worthless and do n't last.The nails do n't stay on , the dryer is very low power and the rest of the stuff is below average . I do n't usually pan a product but going to the drug store and picking up separate parts to create your own kit would be better and more fun than this set .
 The nail polishes are poor quality . It would take about 3 coats to make it not see-through . However , the nail polishes take forever to dry -LRB- and for little kids it 's hard to sit that long -RRB- so putting on 3 coats is next to impossible . The toe separators are HUGE !!! Is n't this for a little girl ??? The emery boards are so flimsy , they bend when you try to use them . The nail dryer blows so little air that it would be faster to blow on them with your mouth . The fake nails do not come with any sort of adhesive to attach them to your own nails !
 Pretty cheap . Bought for my niece who loves to do nails . Fake nails came off before she was able to put them all on .
 hi i got this and i think that it is ok and the nail polishes take FOREVER to dry i got this a couple of years ago not today . the dryer is nice .
 I just received this in the mail and the first thing I noticed was wooden hands attached to the body with string . Children will chew these little wooden balls and am worried they may break off in my babies mouth . I am returning the item . I think the toy is adorable but am not willing to risk it .
 This toy was for my 5 month old granddaughter . She would grab the little wooden ball of the `` mouse arm '' and shake it back and forth . The little ball came off in her hand ! Thankfully , Grandpa was holding her and grabbed the little ball before she put it in her mouth !
 This mouse is adorable and my 6 month old daughter loved to play with it and suck on the ears and hands . I was concerned about the ball hands possibly falling off -LRB- the string holding them on does n't come through the other side -RRB- . After about six weeks of use , the hand/ball fell off when I tugged on it to see how it was holding up . Please note that I did not pull on it hard -- just a gentle tug.Haba has a great reputation , but I see here on Amazon that someone else -LRB- out of the 4 existing reviews -RRB- had the same experience . Please do n't let your baby play with this mouse .
 I got this toy after reading such good reviews about this toy.Its cute but watch out . . its really really small.I dont know why I didnt see the dimensions before ordering it.My daughter seems to enjoy it for couple minutes . . maybe she is too young for it . . -LRB- she is 3 months -RRB- . But this doesnt seem to hold her attention for too long.The clicking sound is good but somehow for the price this toy doesnt seem worth it.I have some other HABA toys like the beetle and Kreigling and they are so much more value for money as she enjoys them .
 Very cute , but my son is just not interested which is fine by me considering the balled hands could fall off if pulled and become a choking hazard . I 'll stick to stuffed haba toys .
 I bought this football to play with the kids I work with . I bought it at the store and missed the label that read for right handed throwers only . I am left handed and although I tried can not make the counter spin . I think it stinks that they make this football for only some of the consumers .
 I bought this football for my 7 year old son this weekend . Although he has tons of footballs , we thought this one would be fun because of the fact that it scores your throws . The better the pass the better the score.Well , my husband and son went outside to play with this , and not even a minute goes by before they come in , obviously irritated . It appears that you can throw great passes , but you get no score.So after 10 minutes of fiddling with this , we figured out how it worked . It SCORES you based on the NUMBER OF ROTATIONS the football makes . Also , it only works if you are right-handed . Not a problem for us , but my son 's friend is left-handed so he never scored anything.The biggest disappointment was when I took the ball , threw it 2 ft in the air and made it spin twice , and I scored 99 . Which incidently is the best score ... . the fact that it is not an accurate type of scoring defeats the purpose of buying this ball . I would rather just have bought a regular old football that did n't supposedly keep ` score ' .
 I am 20 years old and I bought this for my trip to Cancun . The stupid football does n't even stay straight when you throw it , it goes to the left . I just wanted a plain nerf football , but they did n't have any . I wrapped tape around the spinning tail and I think that helped . What a piece !
 I have just begun using this iron for the first time . The teflon coating on the shoe is `` smearing '' off all over my white coverite and after 20 minutes of use , all three lights began blinking and the iron no longer works !! What a piece of garbage !
 Being avid LOTR fans , my family purchased this game to add to the roster during our weekly game nights . The Two Towers was the most time-consuming of any game for set-up alone . Game play is COMPLETELY guided by the cards from which you draw every turn . This game can only be played once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB- after that , there will be little variation left in the outcome . The pieces -LRB- towers -RRB- themselves are made of a slightly thicker card stock with a myriad of tabs that must be assembled and disassembled every time the game is played due to the fact that they wo n't fit back in the box otherwise . This will cause excessive wear and tear on the pieces over time . We had very high hopes for this game after playing LOTR Risk , which we love ! However , The Two Towers Board Game just is n't worth the time or money .
 I consider myself an avid gamer and have always enjoyed both the fantasy theme and The Lord of the Rings Universe so it was only natural to be attracted to RoseArt 's trilogy of games -LRB- one that corresponded to each of the Peter Jackson motion pictures -RRB- . The sad thing is that had I taken seriously the abundant negative reviews available on the subject , I could have saved myself some loot , several evenings and a lot of frustration!I purchased the third game -LRB- Return of the King -RRB- but then discovered that all three of the games are essentially the same , the differences being the events on each of the action cards and the rough outline of the game board so that each game relived events from the individual films . The funny thing is that the weakest area of the whole experience -LRB- the game play mechanics -RRB- is identical regardless of which of the three you 've purchased ! Further illustrating this fact is that RoseArt designed the games to form one massive 3-hour quest by linking all three of the games together . Side note - if anyone on this planet had the patience , will and determination to play through the entire trilogy in one sitting , please drop a line because you should be nominated for an award.The games are quite nice to look at , I can not deny this -LRB- in fact that 's 98 % of what made me cave in despite the terrible reviews and give it a try -RRB- . The fairly detailed game board is n't one massive unit but rather a collection of 15 puzzle-like pieces that lock together to make the world seemingly expand as the game plays on . Sure this is a common technique in role playing games like Descent but unfortunately , it 's little more than a novelty act here . Literally the first roll of the die forces the player to begin connecting additional board pieces so after several minutes of trying to locate and attach the next piece , even the most patient player is going to find himself wondering why he did n't just start with the first four or maybe five map pieces right off the bat.That leads directly to my next complaint - you have never encountered games with more setup time than these -LRB- and that includes hard core role players -RRB- . Each map contains several 3-D pieces -LRB- still constructed out of cardboard unfortunately -RRB- that demand incredible origami skill to properly assemble . Worse still is that these pieces need to be disassembled after each session if there 's any hope of returning them to the box . As you might expect , thin card stock and repeated assembly / disassembly means little shelf life but in the grand scheme of things , this is perhaps the least of these games ' problems.A bigger issue starts right with the rulebook . As I said before , I 'm a very avid gamer and -LRB- pride myself on having mastered and enjoyed complex titles like Runebound , A Game of Thrones , Descent and so on -RRB- even still found myself reading then rereading the enclosed 4 page rule sheet several times over . There is no doubt that whoever was charged with the task of writing this thing was instructed to do all he -LRB- or she -RRB- could to make these games sound compelling and strategic.The wording is such that you might believe there is something here worth devoting your attention to , that there is promise of family game nights spent slashing orcs and trying to return the ring to the fires of Mount Doom . What the rulebook does n't elaborate on is the simple reality that this is n't a game at all but rather a dice-driven opportunity to hear about moments from each of the film via small cards . Everything , and I mean EVERYTHING comes down to the roll of a die . You roll to move a character pawn but do n't get excited about that either . Unlike most games , the player -LRB- s -RRB- here do n't get to be one of their favorite characters from the films but rather play as any of the characters on the board at any given time . So much for devoting yourself to guiding your character through to the end.So as I was saying , you roll the die to determine how many spaces any one of the dozen pawns on the board can move . The funny thing is each character has a stat sheet that makes rolling nearly useless -LRB- like Gandalf 's Speed stat at +9 -RRB- . Roll a 1 , do n't worry , add 9 to that and he goes ten spaces . Roll a six and it 's off to the races , advance a whopping 15 spaces . Here 's the snag , every character has to stop at the spaces marked with a ring on them - which is about every third or fourth space to do what the corresponding card tells them to do . So in case you 're not getting my drift , the roll of the die is pretty much a waste of time , as you will always simply be advancing to the next ring space . It 's all but inevitable.Now about those ring spaces and corresponding cards -LRB- tasks -RRB- . Initially you may be fooled into believing this element is a solid one in an otherwise meaningless waste of time but after two or three of these exercises , you realize that this is but another waste of time disguised as interaction . The cards will typically say something directly from the films like `` You fool of a Took ! Roll the die . If you roll an even number add one evil point to your score . If you roll an odd number add one good point to your score . '' Never mind that once again you 're doing nothing more than rolling the darn die , the bigger issue here is that the scoring system is absolute garbage as well.See you get this cool-looking counter that has notches cut out above each denomination for which to slide a cheap plastic replica of the One Ring . It 's like a LOTR-themed version of the foosball table score keeper except here 's the kicker - the numbers mean nothing , zip , zilch notta . You start at 67 and as the example above indicates , add or remove points -LRB- spots on the counter -RRB- based entirely on rolls of the die . Okay , fair enough except there 's an `` S '' on either end of the counter that stands for Sauron . Hit either end of the point scale -LRB- yes , even if you 're piling up good points -RRB- you come to the S mark which means you roll the die again to find out how many spaces to move the counter in the opposite direction . Say what ?! Yeah apparently it 's the same consequence at either end of the scale . Get too many evil points , roll again and move your score marker toward the good side . Too many good ? Roll again and start heading toward evil . If this was n't poor enough , the games writers then add the line `` whoever has the most points at the end is the winner '' . How in the world does that work ? The entire points structure is sheer random nonsense in which throws of the dice have you keeping track of nothing of importance.So with this completely meaningless scoring system , the player simply moves from ring space to ring space to throw the die once more so that they can move their ring slider in one direction or the other . There is no interaction whatsoever for 98 % of the game.Every once in a while , however , you 'll encounter a challenge
 We 've only played this game once , but enough to know that it wo n't get used much . It 's very predictable once you 've played it , since you have to stop at every ring space and you 'll soon have all the ring cards memorized . The dice are more useful for the battles than moving the pieces , since you rarely can move the number of spaces you rolled anyway . My biggest frustration was the scoring , since if you manage to reach the end of the scoring grid , you have to roll the die and lose points before gaining points again ! That means you could be ahead all game , end up with all sorts of bonus points , and still lose the game from the rebound effect of the weird scoring . There is no skill involved at all , other than remembering which rings you really do n't want to land on and avoiding them by moving other characters . There is a certain amount of chance , but not even much of than , since the cards dictate what must happen and you ca n't avoid most of the cards . This will not go on my list of favorite games !
 A group of us have game night every week , and last week we tried this game . I say tried because we laughed so hard at the game that it almost made up for the senseless / confusing game play . Kind of makes you wonder , if six college graduates ca n't figure it out ! Needless to say , the game is not a keeper : - -LRB- It was very disappointing since I am a huge LOTR fan , and love the LOTR Risk . It adds a new strategic spin to Risk , unlike The Two Towers Strategy Board Game , which includes little/no strategy at all .
 I did n't realize there is Japanese writing all over these pencils and there are no erasers attached either . A waste of money .
 Dispite the excellent reviews of this toy -LRB- which I gave my son for Christmas -RRB- , it did not raise the slightest bit of interest from my son . Once I received the Leap Pad and saw his reaction to it , I figured out why . Essentially , this toy does the same thing as any number of learning-oriented CD-Roms such as Reader Rabbit , etc. . However , it is ultimately a lot les interactive and exciting than the computer . Therein lies my son 's lack of interest . Compared to the computer , the Leap Pad is clunky and less fun to use . Maybe I 'll take it with us on vacation and see if it interests him once we 're away from the computer , but if you have a computer at home and your child has some reading oriented CD-Roms , I 'd save my money on this and buy another toy instead .
 I rated this item a 1 because that is the lowest rating available . It should be ZERO . I bought the LeapPad for my grandson and could never get it to work properly . When I could get it to turn on all it would do is throw out words a random and make a krackaling sound when we moved the pen . After changing the batterys and cleaning the contacts with alcohol as sugested in the instructions it worked for about a minute , reading half a page then jumping back to the start instructions . At the price -LRB- I spent almost $ 100.00 on the pad and extra books -RRB- they charge for this item this is uncalled for . VERY DISAPOINTED after reading the reviews of others . This piece of crap is going back to the store in the morning !! I had a very sad little boy on his 4th birthday.DON ' T BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK !!!
 Purchase this product and your child can learn to read without Parents . Thats right , give this to your child and then you can no longer be apart of their childhood memories . Buy a book from Amazon and read it to your kids at night , during the day , on your lunch break ... read together . LeapFrog is creating new ways to isolate the child and create a lonely environment with an animated voice . Do n't buy this with the notion your child will pronouce their words better , or make reading fun . You make reading fun , the parents . Its just a fancy toy not a tool .
 My mother bought this system for my 3 yr old . I we have had problems since . The voice sometimes does n't come on or it just makes a humming noise . So I finally threw it out . I will never buy another leappad product again .
 I have three children ages 3-9 . Not one of them has enjoyed this product . Actually , my youngest does but only to tear the pages out of the books . If you have money to burn , it is a product worth trying . Otherwise , it is not worth the cost . There are so many other products that help teach that are far less expensive . Some take more one-on-one time , but kids benefit from that . Seriously evaluate this product before buying it otherwise it could be just one more thing to dust around the house .
 My boy has the attention span of a 4 year old . Why ? Because he is 4 years old . He has no patience for the slow pace of age-appropriate leap pad materials . The learning games are too short , too slow , and too repetitive for him .
 Played with this at a neighbor 's house . The ads promote it as portable ... please ! It weighs three pounds ! It 's uncomfortable to have on your lap . It can only `` read '' a few select stories , unlike the million-and-one stories an actual live human can read to a child . As for `` teaching at the child 's pace , '' that 's something a good teacher will do , at school -LRB- or home-school -RRB- when the child is developmentally ready . Where will this glitzy toy be in a few years ? In a cardboard box , in the basement . Buy a nice copy of Good-Night Moon ; that 'll still be around for your grandkids.As for the -LSB- money -RSB- you 'll spend ... well , a library card is free . Cuddle the little one on your lap , and read , and read , and read !
 My dauther loves Leappad toys . They no longer sale Leap Pad Learning system so I bought it via you . When the toy came , it was on a box without any pacaking to protect the toy . Also it was dirty -LRB- had brown stain on it , so I had to clean it before using . After three and half week of use it started to have problem with the sound . We change the batteries but it is still acting up . This is the first time I had problems with Leappad products . I would never buy any futere product from this vender?saler . Very dissapointed
 My three kids -LRB- ages 3 , 5 , and 7 -RRB- love these things , and it is great while it works . We are now moving on to our 5th one in 1 year . Besides just plain not turning on frequently , it also decides to say `` whoops that 's not a leap pad cartridge '' . This is NOT a toy you can leave a small child to enjoy without an adult constantly jiggling the cartridge or pen . When we called the company , who instructed us to clean the cartridges as well as the notebook , I followed what they said to do and either it does n't work , or it will work with one but then stop working with that one a few minutes later . I 've also replaced the pens half a dozen times . I tell them this and they tell me it must be defective , but how many defective ones are there and why am I finding them all ? The only reason I replace it is because my children love it so much , but I am just about at the point of saying no more . After buying notebooks and dozens of cartridges to go with it and to have it work for several months , maybe it should be called the disposible leap pad notebook . It 's a real shame as the overall concept and content is excellent . It is too bad that cheap manufacturing makes it basically a piece of junk . I am fed up with it , and my kids are heartbroken that their favorite toy is broken ... again .
 We will not buy any more Leap products unless they improve their products and their treatment of customers . My kids love the my first leap pads and the regular leap pad and want the new Leapster but I refuse to invest more money . We only allow these pads to be used while sitting next to an adult on the sofa , but we 've still encountered numerous problems with the pen/stylus , cartridges `` wearing '' out , etc. . The company does n't want to fix or replace anything so you 're stuck with whatever you spent . I would love to see a system that uses mini discs or some other data source that does n't stick out of the system and uses complete touch screen or game pad technology . Since nothing else really has the great educational software , we 'll be sticking to the computer and getting a game boy for entertainment .
 While the educational value of this toy is OK , the durability of the pens is so poor that the product is not worth buying . If the pen breaks after 90 days , you have to buy a new one -LRB- only a few dollars but still -RRB- . Many people are frustrated and do not understand why their leappad is acting strange , well it is probably the pen .
 A toy is worthless when it is poorly designed and not durable . My son got this toy six months ago . Although , he has not played roughly with this toy , it no long works properly because of the pen 's broken cord . If my child can not play with the toy , it has no educational or fun value . As other raters have pointed out the stylus pen 's cord easily breaks . Leap Frog and the stores that carry it should stop selling this product until the design is fixed . Apparently the pen 's cord breaking is so common that replacing it is on the Leap Frog 's FAQ list and also a main item on their telephone system menu . After investing in buying many of the Leap Pad books , it is hard to believe that the toy breaks so easily .
 My 4 year old son loves this thing , and it is great while it lasts . We are now moving on to our 4th one in 4 months , and he has n't been the cause of it not working , just one day it decides to say '' whoops that 's not a leap pad cartridge '' I called the company , who instructed me to clean the cartridges as well as the notebook , I followed what to do and it does n't work , or it will work with one but then stop working with that one a few minutes later.I tell them this and they tell me it must be defective , well duh I know that , but how many defective ones are there and why am I finding them all ? The only reason I replace it is because my son loves it so much but I am just about to the point of saying no more . After buying the notebook and all the cartridges to go with it and to have it work for maybe a month , maybe it should be called the disposible leap pad notebook , since we replace it every month . It 's a real shame that for what you invest in this thing and for how much kids love it it 's not worth a darn . I am fed up with it , and my son is heartbroken that his favorite toy is broken , again .
 It 's a reasonably educational toy , but be careful because it will break quickly ... and if it does , you only have a 3 month grace period ! We used it carefully and it still started working erratically after only about 6 months ... that 's $ 15/month ! What a waste .
 Over the last few years , these Leap Pads have come in and out of my house via various garage sales , gifts , etc. . The kids play with them for a very short time , then tire of them , and off they go to Goodwill.So my kids like them for like a day , and that 's it . It 's just another electronic toy . The little cartridges get lost very easily and then you 're stuck with books that wo n't work.My kids will cuddle up with me and a book everyday , for long periods of time . That 's what little kids books are about
 Just know if you buy this that if the game cartridge reads 6 to 9 yearsit should really read 3 to 5 years . My 7 year old found them in her own words to be to '' to babyish '' I would say she is an average 7 year old child . Games and pad 200 dollars wasted . Not for kids over 5 . Also customer is worse than a joke .
 I have now purchased three separate models . My 5 yr old son absolutely adores this toy . He calls it his `` Computer '' and I was really impressed that he began playing the spelling/decoding game and actually learning how to spell . After a month of the first one , the product failed to turn on . We bought new batteries , followed the trouble shooting directions to no avail . So , we ordered a new model . This one did n't even work the first time we tried to turn it on . We sent that one back and ordered another one . Again , product failed to work on start up . It 's a real shame . I would have given this 5 stars if only I thought I could count on the thing to actually work !
 Based on prior reviews , I thought this toy would hold my kid 's interest , but it did not . I now have a total of 6 books for my 2 leap pads -LRB- this one and a `` my first leap pad '' -RRB- , but the new books have not raised the interest level at all . My kids -LRB- 3 and 8 -RRB- were intrigued for a while , and I put the leap pads in a place where they would notice and hopefully play with them often , but the kids have pretty much ignored them for the last 8 months . The new books got less attention than the first one , even Superman , which ds loves . And I worry that I will tear the books -LRB- somewhat fragile -RRB- or lose the cartriges.If I had it to do over again , I would buy them an educational computer game - much less money and much more playtime . These books are portable , which the computer is not - but that has n't mattered . Better yet , I 'd get them real books , which they do take off the shelf and read or play with.I waited 9 months to write this review hoping that the kids would re-gain interest , but they have not .
 I have the My First Leap Pad for my son . I bought it for him when he was 2.5 years because he loves books , and he loves electronic gadgets ; I thought this would be the best of both worlds ! He did get the `` press '' the go button , but I have to still remind him occasionally , now almost 3.5 years . And that 's only when I pull it out for him to use . He is NOT interested in it , never really was , and the pen is annoying . He `` pokes '' the right thing on the page , but it wo n't respond , or responds incorrectly . He gets frustrated , and quits . Now , it 's not even working . My son finally went to play with it , and it just shuts off randomly , makes strange noises , etc , and my son has not been hard on it . He did n't play with it often . I 've been looking at the new Fisher Price item , similar to Leap Pad , and after reading reviews , and playing with it in the store , I think I will try their product for X-mas this year . My son liked using his finger , and LOVED Blue 's Clues . I hope this new product is better quality and more entertaining for the money .
 My three year old likes this better than her brother who is nearly 5 . We 've owned it for a year . The problems I have with it are :1 . The pages tear and it makes a problem with narration .2 . Something happened to the system . Despite hitting the green tab on each page - the narration is off by a page or more . Sometimes the narration reverts to the incomputer story . We have two friends who have had the same experience .3 . By the time you buy the system and several games , it 's fairly expensive . I hate to upgrade to the leapster after investing money in the system . I feel that if this system does n't work , maybe the leapster will wear out also.I 'm glad someone had a positive experience at Toys R Us -LRB- my kids call it `` toys for us '' :-RRB- -RRB- . I find that the sales clerks read the description . This is very annoying b/c I can do that , too ! I want someone to explain in practical terms the differences.Overall , I 'm underwhelmed by this system and have had to hear from my husband `` I told you so '' several times .
 We bought this for my then 4 year old son last Christmas and he has barely looked at it . It will hold his attention for about 10 minutes and that 's it . I 've bought 2 additional books for it and I still get the same response . He is almost 5 and learning to read so perhaps that will change but for the `` pre-reader '' set , I 'm not sure a regular leap pad is worth the money if you have a child that would rather play with trucks , lego 's and the like instead .
 Ths was a great toy . I purchased it when my daughter was 3 years old . It lasted for about 6 months before the pen stopped working regularly . Now we have about 100 dollars worth of game books . What a waste of money that was ! Too bad they did n't have the finger touch one back then ! I wo n't buy another leap product .
 I purchased the leappad learning system online and purchased the suggested packages to go along . Not realizing that they do not work w / my daughters system . They are for the `` my first leap pad '' system . Selling online for $ 145.00 . You have to really watch what is suggested by amazon on the toys you sell . What is suggested does not always work . At christmas time , it is hard to know what works and what does not sometimes . I recommend they add model numbers to thier items to know what will work with what , not just the name .
 fragile components , used once then unit failed to work ...
 ca n't help but agree with other reviewers . our unit does n't also recognize most of the cartridges we have here . sadly , our location is in asia and there 's nothing much we can do . it frustrates the kids to keep on hearing the `` ooops ! that 's not a leap pad cartridge ! '' what a waste of money ...
 Amazon advertises My First LeapPad software on this page , even though it is not compatible with the LeapPad learning system .
 We originally bought this for our son several years ago when he was three years old . He loved the interactive nature of the toy and played with it a lot for the first few months . Then we noticed the unit would not recognize the cartridge as a leappad cartridge . The unit would turn off on its own . The pen was defective , and the replacement pen was also defective . The paper books need to be a lot more sturdy . Too bad . My son loved the toy . If it would just work .
 We got this book for our then 6 yo son . He loved it , for about 15 minutes . It took no time for it to stop working , the wire connecting the pen frayed quickly . The point on the pen kept falling out , and thats where the wires connect , without it , it wo n't work . Leap Frog basically told me we were out of luck . This was an expensive paperweight very quickly . The books themselves are poorly made , the spiral binding and thin pages do n't work well , pages tear out too easily . The cartridges fall out and get lost way too easily.All in all , its a good concept , but a lousy item .
 Neither one of my kids show much interest in this . They both love books and one is starting to read . It is a pretty expensive item if your not certain your children will use it.I attempted three times to show them how it works and they lost interest quickly .
 Everything we know about young children tells us that in order for them to develop a genuine interest and better understanding of basic mathematics concepts , parents and early childhood educators must provide a variety of fun and stimulating sensory experiences that will hopefully encourage children to seek meaningful answers to their questions . Unfortunately , LeapPad is LeapFrog 's answer to a question that nobody asked . Comprehension of fundamental math concepts such as one-to-one correspondence , classification , sequencing , patterns , measurement , sorting and comparison can not be effectively achieved from limited interactions with a flat , one-dimensional image and a magic pen that provides instant answers . Real math learning occurs gradually and is best experienced through a child 's daily activities , events and interactions with people , active exploration of their environment and physical manipulation of developmentally appropriate three-dimensional open-ended play materials . For teaching math to preschoolers , LeapPad provides little educational value and should be neither a substitute nor a supplement to real math education . Our children deserve better from parents , educators and toy makers .
 I am an early childhood educator and I have unfortunately known many impressionable LeapPad buyers who rely far too heavily upon the use of electronic teaching devices/gimmicks as a substitute for real education . Teaching young children math concepts the `` proper '' way results in successful students and takes years of hard work by knowledgeable and dedicated parents and educators , not by `` curmudgeons '' . To believe that young children are really learning important concepts and skills which they can build upon by using a magic pen that generates facts and instant answers is a typical assumption of uneducated , unenlightened and uninvolved parents . Sadly , many of those young children ultimately become part of the 42 percent of K-8 students who rank below national academic learning standards . If unsuspecting parents are convinced that LeapPad is an appropriate learning tool for their children , as LeapFrog would have them believe , then I suggest they try finding a school who carries or encourages the use of LeapPad . Incidentally , I would question the judgement of a LeapPad evaluation that involves an incredibly tiresome 9 hour LeapPad auto misadventure . After about 2 hours in a car , kids will play with just about anything .
 The concept of Leap Pad is wonderful . I like the interactive nature of the reading , where the child can control pace and focus . BUT the STORY is BORING and very strange , language-wise . Because the writer has limited herself to a very controlled vocabulary selection , using only limited vowel combinations , the language sounds very contrived . For example , instead of saying `` My tooth is loose , '' the story says , `` it TIPS '' ! Whoever talks about a tooth TIPPING ? Given that the child can listen to the story over and over again , controlling the vocabulary that way is n't necessary .
 After the second Leap Pad I 've purchased -LRB- the previous one I had to return to the store yesterday -RRB- that is broken and does n't work , I 've decided that this is NOT the toy for my child . We did n't even get past putting the batteries in!The first one 's battery compartment screw and bolt were broken , so the compartment would n't stay closed . Hence , I took that one back yesterday and exchanged it for another . The second one worked okay for about five minutes after I turned it on for the first time , but the second time I tried turning on the machine , it would n't work , no matter what I tried . BACK TO THE STORE with this one , too ! Very frustrating !! Would 've been a wonderful toy for my child , who loves books and would 've been delighted with one that is interactive . But I can not imagine that a toy that 's this unstable would last for very long with a small child.I 'm on the lookout for something similar , but certainly from a different manufacturer ...
 My son loved his LeapPad . When it conked out for the second time we decided to purchase another one , thinking the first two times were a fluke . Just because he chewed the cord on the first one , and the second one just went haywire . Well , we had n't had the third one for more than one week and it started to act up . So now his LeapPad does n't work anymore . What a waste of money ! And it 's just so sad for my son . We have all kinds of games for it that are just going to sit in his closet and take up room . I did n't want to believe the previous reviews , but I ca n't deny them now ! When it did work , it was fantastic ! My son could be on it for hours and he did absorb the things that the LeapPad was teaching . Plus it 's done in a fun , interactive way . So I rated it fairly high for the educational and fun values , and quite low for the durability . Overall , it 's not a great product .
 It should be rated `` zero stars . '' Like the rest of the people here who hate this product , my son 's LeapPad worked just long enough for the warranty to expire and for me to stock up on books . My son was very careful with the toy . Even a new `` pen '' could not save it . Customer `` service '' -LRB- HA ! -RRB- was rude , and implied that my son broke it . The people at Leap Frog products ought to be ashamed of themselves!There is only one guarantee with a Leap Pad -9 out of 10 people who wrote its positive reviews will change their minds in a year or two , when their Leap Pad dies and Leap Frog blames them .
 Like most of the other negative reviewers , my biggest problem with this product was it 's lack of durability . It 's fun , and I suppose it does have some educational value , but mostly it 's just another expensive electronic toy that will malfunction shortly after the warranty expires.Like lots of electronic toys , it is apt to lose it 's appeal fairly quickly . However , one of our children did get many hours of play out of this without getting bored . The different cartridges can extend it 's appeal , but only for so long and they are expensive.LeapPad is touted as an educational toy , but just about anything with lights and sounds is so-called ; kids learn more from reading , playing , building , and ` doing ' than they ever will from an electronic device . Yes , it provides some phonics practice and can help emerging readers . Yes , children may learn some random facts and may memorize lists -LRB- state capitals , multiplication table , etc. -RRB- But LeapPad is no substitute for more active forms of learning and is , of course , entirely dispensable.If LeapPad were just another pricey electronic form of edutainment , I 'd have given it maybe 3 or 4 stars . It 's fun , the noises it emits are n't terribly annoying , and it 's somewhat expandable/adaptable . It is n't the educational boon that it 's advertised to be , but most consumers will know that anyway . I gave it it 's low rating mostly because of it 's poor durability.Our LeapPad stopped accepting new cartridges after about a year . We tried cleaning the cartridges as directed by customer service , but that did n't help . Subsequent calls to customer service were futile ; each rep we spoke to insisted that we must not have take proper care of the LeapPad . This was the only reason any of them could think of for the product malfunctioning ! Of course , I knew , they knew , and they knew that I knew , that this was all a farce ; that Leapfrog is just like most other manufacturers
 I purchased this item along with several cartridges as a gift for my 5 year old . He really never got into it , even though there were characters he likes such as Bob the Builder . IF YOUR CHILDREN HAVE ACCESS TO A COMPUTER THEY WILL PROBABLY NOT BE VERY INTERESTED IN THIS ITEM . My son loves playing the computer , but the LeapFrog is not as interactive as a computer . If you have a computer , I would not suggest buying this product.JOE , a concerned father
 The product you receive when buying from this link is the UK version of the LeapPad . The book -LRB- worth roughly -LSB- ... -RSB- of the purchase -RRB- uses a British accent . It is very hard to understand if you 're American and is useless to a young child trying to learn phonics . Amazon will not let you exchange the product because it comes from an independent seller . -LRB- Although this product is eligible for Prime shipping , it does n't come from Amazon . -RRB- Beyond that headache , the LeapPad is also a poor piece of technology . To answer questions , you must be fairly exact with the pen and press hard . If you do n't do this quickly , the LeapPad ends the game , which is frustrating for a child . I 'm not sure why everyone raves about this game .
 I purchased this for my child who has problems with fine motor skills . It turned out to be too much for her at the time -LRB- Christmas 2003 -RRB- so I put it in the closet for later . When I took it out in the Fall of 2004 it no longer worked . -LRB- It made sounds like an electronic babbling brook -RRB- This toy had been used two or three times . I spent forever online at their web site trying to find a way to get help , scrolled through hundreds upon hundreds of trouble shooting questions and answers , followed the directions to email my question/problem to them , and never heard back . Needless to say , had the warranty been for one year , it ran out while I waited for them to get back to me . Good product or not , the customer service fell short . Next time I 'll go with a brand that does n't have a pencil attachment .
 I bought this toy on an auction site well below retail prices . I really do n't see what the fuss is about . I think it 's a waist of plastic & paper.The books have very limited value from an educational stand point.If you want a sound effects box -LRB- electronic babysitter -RRB- that your child can mindlessly play with then this is the toy for you.I normally love Leapfrog , but I really believe they missed the mark with this toy . I will be putting our toy immediately back up for auction .
 Bought LeapPad but I found out as usual . LeapFrog is a cheapskate . LeapFrog did not provide batteries as do most toymakers . Result was poor quality control because had LeapFrog installed batteries LeapFrog would have discovered that the battery compartment was missing parts so that the LeapPad did not work .
 Amazon recommends purchasing `` Dora the Explorer '' book/cartridge with the LeapPad Green . DO N'T DO IT ! `` Dora the Explorer '' is only compatible with the `` Leap-Start '' product . Amazon owes me $ 14 . LeapFrog should be on top of this because they know that their `` Leap-Start '' and other products are easily confused.Ho , ho ! Bah , humbug ! Boycott automated promotions .
 I thought I 'd seen it all when I had to replace my Apple 's power adapter 11 times . I 'd seen nothing . Leapfrog has outdone them with the poor quality of the stylus pen . I bought a leappad at a tag sale and it stutters and clicks non-stop . So I take the pen out , and lo-and-behold , the stuttering and clicking stops . I buy a replacement pen on ebay -LRB- brand new in package -RRB- and within a few days it starts all over again . A friend then volunteers her son 's LeapPad to me and sure enough that one does the same thing ! My friend then tells me this is like her 10th relacement pen . -LSB- ... -RSB- And that shipping takes up to 15 days . I ask for expedited shipping because my toddler son is FREAKING over his broken toy , and I 'm told they can not expedite . I am willing to PAY but they refuse . So I call back and cancel an order with them that I had for some games and tell them I will never do business with them again . The rep actually says `` Oh . Sorry to hear that . '' and does n't even offer to help with the pen situation ! Gee ... way to keep customers . Their customer service is bottom-of-the-line . It 's too bad because their stuff is actually quite educational . But I ca n't afford to keep replacing things . I 'll be switiching to vtech toys instead . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We love the Wiggles but this game 's design is truly horrific . Before you can even play ten sets of cards have to be sorted into piles . The sorting is more educational than the game itself . The activities are almost too easy even for a pre-reader but you can not play this game unless you are a reader or are playing with one . This game is way too easy for the recommended six to ten year olds . -LRB- eg
 The puzzle was not bought with the understanding that it was used . It was supposed to have been a gift . The box is opened and tattered . I would hate to spend hours putting togther a puzzle to find that pieces are missing .
 I was really disappointed with this product.I ordered it because it was a puzzle my family all did together when we were young.I bought it and recieved the product about a week and a half later very damaged.The box was torn all over and it looked like it had been in a garage for a long time ... Still have n't done the puzzle , but I 'm willing to bet that all of the pieces are n't there.Disappointed.Rachel
 bet they use the same cookie cutter for all the 1000 piece puzzles.THE PIECES ALL LOOK THE SAME . ALL JUST THE MOST SIMPLE PIECES , SO THEY ALL LOOK LIKE THEY FIT IN THE SAME SPOT.AS A RESULT , YOU END UP RIPPING OFF THE HEADS OR FIGHTING TO CHANGE THE PIECES WHEN YOU DISCOVER THE PIECE DOES N'T GO THERE.I ORDERED ABOUT SIX OF THEIR PUZZLES , AND WILL BE RETURNING ALL OF THEM.BEAUTIFUL PHOTOS OR ARTWORK , BUT EXTREMELY POOR QUALITY PIECES .
 The pictured showed two mallets but we only received one . It was a birthday present , so now I have to find other mallets at a music store in the area . Is it so hard to make sure everything is included when packaging ? I was very disappointed with it .
 My husband and I were disappointed with this drum . We wanted to get a nice floor drum for my young niece , but this drum had a very pronounced and negative high-pitched , ringing overtone . My husband -LRB- who happens to be a Juilliard trained percussionist -RRB- tried to mute the overtone it by taping a small amount of foam to one corner , but we could not get rid of it , and the ringing sound was pretty annoying . Otherwise , the drum is very well made and sturdy -LRB- we own several other Remo drums -RRB- . We later returned this drum and ordered the larger 22 '' x 8 '' Remo Gathering Drum which due to the larger drum head , had a lower , warmer , and more pleasant tone . We realize this is for a toddler , but why not start them off hearing a rich , resonant drum that they can enjoy for years to come , and one which wo n't give the parents a headache . I would recommend splurging and getting the larger -LRB- wider -RRB- drum instead .
 Our drum arrived missing the 2 mallets that come with it . Would have been no problem as we have mallets from a different drum . This thing sounds terrible with a ringing sound that is just too much . This was returned to AMAZON immediately for missing parts and poor quality .
 Please note that as of August 2008 this Haba toy has been recalled due to choking hazards . See the following link for more information : http://www.cpsc.gov/cpscpub/prerel/prhtml08/08380.htmlIt's a shame -- I love Haba toys . Hopefully they will correct the problem and release a better model .
 This Knight set is the most I 've found for the price , but you get what you pay for . Although the scale of the figures is just right and the appearance is excellent , these toys do not `` play well with children '' . The sword and shields are removable . However , you are likely to break off an arm while extracting a sword from the Knight 's grip . This happened even to me , though I was being careful . I have used liquid nails to repair most every figure and even the `` working '' catapult . I would not buy this set again .
 The digital side of the board is great , but sadly little else can be said about this dartboard . It is a lot of money , and the dartboard I received had a lot of dead spots right out of the box . There were some zones on the board that could not be triggered even by a person striking the plate instead of a dart striking it . Was so disappointed with the quality I received I decided to go the refund route and look for a different dartboard instead of replacing this one , so keep that in mind reading this review . Only dealt with one of them , but that was enough for me . I have read enough other reviews with similar issues on this board that I did not want to play the replacement game .
 This is hard to explain , but my reason for 2 stars is based on feel . The Cricket Pro just has a plastic , cheap feeling . The reason I bought it was becasue it has 4 displays for cricket . The bulls eye that spins is absolutely ridiculous and makes it feel even cheaper . Halex is better built and I like the sound when it hits the board .
 I do like the dart board and its features . The problem is that after about a months worth of use the panels on the board are breaking . One I can understand but when 5 have broken in less then 2 months that is not what I would call a quality product . I have contacted the company 3 times about part numbers to replace the panels but I have gotten no reply . I am disappointed in the service that I have received from the company.March 8 , 2012I again contacted the company with no luck on getting my issue resolved . Their are problems with player being skipped or some of the electronics not working properly . All of the red segments encased in the inner circle are borken and some of the triple and double segments are broke . It is a nice board but it it not long lasting . I do not recommend this board . DMI Sports attempted to help but then dismissed me as a customer and is no longer in contact .
 Product was returned as defective . Suspect very poor manufacturing quality control -LRB- China -RRB- as game would reset every time after throwing a few darts .
 I started using this board right away . We got about 3/4 way through cricket and game reset . Started again and the same thing happened again and again . So I returned it and asked for a refund .
 It was good for a couple of weeks , then I started having problems that continue to now . After fifteen or twenty darts , the game just resets and deletes all progress , making it impossible to actually use the electronic system . The board itself is fine , but it is prone to a lot of bounceouts.Other than that , the darts are terrible , but I expected that and was n't counting on them . I did , however , expect a basic functionality in the board itself , and it is really frustrating that it was so quick to break .
 I was n't really impressed with this dart board . It did everything it said it would , but i was n't impressed by the way the darts hit the board . I should have spent more money to get a better one .
 this product was a disappointing.it was not tournament quality . it was more like a toy and the heckling feature was very annoying . we sent it back .
 This item was much smaller than it looked in the picture and smaller than it was described by the seller . It was grossly misrepresented . It is about the size of a beanie baby . I read all the information on this item before purchasing it to make sure it was what I really was looking for . I feel that I was taken advantage of . I will not order anything like this from amazon again .
 I am angry because I ordered it brand new but it arrived with a 3 inch hole on its back so i fixed it but the problem is i should not have to fix it . thanks amazon
 i had it 4 1 night and it was working justfine the first hour . what happen was the alarm went off and no one was there . my mom said `` this is not gona work . she was right . the 1st 8 times i went to do my code it said `` security alert beep beep . i could not even get in my room . the tape used to stick 2 your door peels off the paint .
 My 7 yo daughter BEGGED for this toy for her birthday at the beginning of August . We gave in despite reservations about something that sticks to the door . So far it has worked fine . In case of emergency , the sticky tape has velcro on it which is a big help because my daughter keeps changing then forgetting the code . The technology is kind of cool - as the light in the eyepiece cycles between red , green and yellow it recognizes the color you blink on . However , if you do n't press your eye socket firmly on the eyepiece or do n't exaggerate your blink , it sounds an OBNOXIOUS alarm and yells , `` intruder ! '' . My daughter loves it ; I 'm just hoping the novelty wears off soon ...
 We got this for my 8 yr old daughter for Christmas , she loved it . However within about a month it stopped working . I contacted the vendor but did not receive a response . I would like to order her another one or something similar but they are all out of stock .
 I got this toy for Christmas thinking it would be fun like on the commercial . I put it on my door and for one thing , it did n't even fit ! My door is n't unusual in any way . It 's true that it tells you how many intruders there were and the many combinations for passwords , but sometimes when you 're setting the password , you do n't even blink and it counts it as a blink . When i FINALLY got it to work -LRB- after about 1 hour -RRB- , i managed to put it on my door and i tried it out . It kept thinking i was an intruder because when it senses someone trying to pull it off the door a siren goes off . I was just trying to put the code in ! Also , you have to press down when you 're entering the code which hurts your eye after a while . I do NOT recommend this toy at all . it 's nothing like the commercial !
 I hated this toy . For the past few nights , the alarm on it has been going off for no reason at all . When I first got it , it worked perfectly , but after a while , when your trying to enter your password , it records things when you do n't even blink ! I thought it was cool , but now it just wakes me up in the middle of the night !
 Very flimsy , hard to use , and alarm goes off on it 's own .
 I went ahead and bought this stupid toy for myself.At first it worked perfectly , but then it said the code was wrong , so I had to take it off to get into my bedroom sometimes.And at night , it would fall right off the door and the alarm would go off !!!!!!!!! I could n't fall asleep for hours !!!!!! DO NOT BUY THIS TOY !!!!!!!
 I wanted this product for my birthday I was so Hype when I got it . I wanted to install it right away and I did . I could n't do this . So I got my Dad to help me he did his best to make this work . I set the password it did n't work I spent ours doing this . Igot it to work for about a day . Then it fell off my door with the money i recieved from my family I bought another . The same problem happen . This product SUCKS BADLY !!! Dont bother buying this product .
 do n't waste your money on buying this toy !!!!! i recieved 1 for my b-day and it worked for about two weeks and i would try and blink in the password and it wouldnt accept it ! then it started falling off because the tape wouldnt stick !!! even if it was on my door and staying on , you sould be 15ft away from it and the alarm would go off !!! then one time i needed into my room for an emergency , and it would n't accept the password , i ended up ripping it off my door to get in !!!! just trust me , this toy does n't work . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 the room guard isnt worth money!i mean who will come into your room!if you want to keep your brother or sister out of your things get the Room Gear Lockable Snoop Proof Safe For Girls!Eventualy your brothers or sisters will find out the color blink code for the eye lock room guard ! Please if your child wants this so called toys rethink gettig them it and explain to the it isnt going to work ! The Room Gear Lockable Snoop Proof Safe For Girls works perfectly for me !
 I got this toy for Christmas , and it is cheap , it dose n't work like it said it would , it is so much bigger and gets in the way . I put it on my door and when i tried to take it off , and it pealed the paint off with it !!!!! So , WARNING do n't buy this toy !!
 I hate the toy it 's so crummy It alsocost to much for me
 My daughter asked Santa for this toy for Christmas this year 2002 . Santa brought it . The box looked promising . We hooked it up to the Television , following the instructions to a T . The Video was in Black and White . The box shows the video in color . The dance mat has four seperately colored dance flowers . The music works . But the Video Picture was B&W . We thought we had hooked it up wrong , we then hooked it up to the VCR and then back to the T.V. Not a success . We went on the computer to Radica.com that is listed on the packaging . Barbies Dance Party is not listed anywhere . I then went to Barbie.com and its no even listed there . I then took the time to puruse through the Internet Search Engine to see if there were any articles and the like on this subject . I then went to the Toy R Us site and noticed that this product was discontinued . There seems to be more to this story than meets the eye .
 My 4 year old received this as a gift this Christmas . She was very excited to start playing with it . It did show up in color , but the picture quality was terrible . The flowers you step on to dance do n't always register that she has stepped on them and she had to stomp hard . The timing of the dances is awful and it bores her quickly . It runs on batteries and after turning it on the second time the button would n't turn off so it just wore the batteries down.She probably wo n't play with it again . It has sat in the corner since Christmas day . Do n't waste your money .
 My 12 year old son saved up his allowance for over a month to buy a great Birthday present for his 4 year old sister . He thought the Barbie Dance party game would be neat since she always tries to play the older kid &#65533; s X-box . This seemed like a good alternative to a video game . My daughter was so exited when she opened it and wanted to play with it right away . My husband had to monkey around with it for 10 minutes just to get a color picture , which was terrible anyway . She had to stomp on the flowers and she was bored with it in 10 minutes . My son was so disappointed that he had wasted all that money on a useless game . We ended up returning it and he got her a huge craft set that she loves . This was such a pain in the neck , I would have rated it 0 if I had the option .
 My daughter really wanted this item so we purchased it and 15min after she started using it the screen went to black and white . We replaced the batteries , poof !! it was color again . It looks as though this item should not be battery powered . Very cheap poor quality item . I ca n't beleive this was the hot Chritmas item ! I know there are a lot of dissapointed purchasers out there . Buyer be afraid ... be very afraid .
 This was a present for my six year old sister . She screamed with delight at the sight of the box on Christmas morning ! The box looked exciting . When my parents installed it , the picture came up in black and white . The box shows it in colour . My sister was disapointed , but she just wanted to play the game . I chose the first difficulty level just in case the others were too hard . The game itself is very boring . There are four coloured flowers on the mat , all you have to do is stand on them . Sophie -LRB- my sister -RRB- tried the first three levels and beat them all easily . But the fourth level was so fast that she could hardly keep up with the lights . She cried , ` Abby , you try ! ' . Now I am normally quite good at dancing games , having owning a dance mat myself , but I could n't beat the last level . This game is a total waste of time .
 I just purcased this item for my 5 year old , first off , the instructions were misssing -LRB- this is typical of Toys R Us , it seems when they receive a return they do n't check the merchandise and just place it back on the shelf -RRB- -RRB- I plugged it in , and all it said was `` Lets Dance '' and that was it !!!!!
 MY DAUGHTER GOT THIS FOR XMAS , 2 DAYS LATER WE TOOK IT BACK . BARBIES FACE WAS FUZZY.IT RAN ON BATTERIES WHICH WAS A BAD IDEA.IT WAS ALSO OVERPRICED . THE QUALITY IS NOT THERE FOR THE MONEY.AS HARD AS THIS TOY WAS TO FIND , IT LOOKS LIKE THERE WILL BE ALOT OF DISSAPPOINTED CHILDREN
 Sounded like a fun gift for my barbie enthusiast granddaughter , and she was excited about it at first but that lasted maybe 10 minutes at the most , and I would n't be surprised if she did n't ever want to play with it again . All it does is tell you to step on four different colored flowers and plays a dance beat . Not very exciting ! And definitely not worth -LSB- money -RSB- .
 it sucks big apples ... i played it once and it broke when i touched it
 I received Axis & Allies as a Christmas present back in ' 84 , and I consider myself an experienced player . The Germanophiles at Avalon Hill have designed a game whose play balance is out of whack . The Germans possess nearly every advantage
 I agree that the slick , detailed pieces and beautifully made map are a nice touch . In fact , these points alone almost hooked me and obviously hooked most of the above reviewers . I badly wanted this game to play as well as it looked . My question is , where is the game ? I enjoy a game that is well balanced and can be won from different sides using different strategies . In this game , but for the Grace of God , or an absolutely incompetant Allied player , Germany is absolutely lost . Your best chance is to power your way into Moscow and this victory is entirely dependant upon good die rolls . I prefer a game that allows clever tactics myself . All things being equal , you might as well throw dice in the beginning to determine the outcome and save yourself the time it would take to play this inane game . As for the repeated allegations that this or its sister game in the Pacific are historically accurate , believe me when I tell you categorically that it is not .
 I agree that the slick , detailed pieces and beautifully made map are a nice touch . In fact , these points alone almost hooked me and obviously hooked most of the above reviewers . I badly wanted this game to play as well as it looked . My question is , where is the game ? I enjoy a game that is well balanced and can be won from different sides using different strategies . In this game , but for the Grace of God , or an absolutely incompetant Allied player , Germany is absolutely lost . Your best chance is to power your way into Moscow and this victory is entirely dependant upon good die rolls . I prefer a game that allows clever tactics myself . All things being equal , you might as well throw dice in the beginning to determine the outcome and save yourself the time it would take to play this inane game . As for the repeated allegations that this or its sister game in the Pacific are historically accurate , believe me when I tell you categorically that it is not .
 This game for me is un-playable . Unlike the original , this game does not come with the necessary amount of pieces to even set the game up . Germany , for example , does not even have enough soldiers to put one in each of it 's territories , thus they can not start the game . How can you play this ? Sure , you can use the substitute chips , but then how do you know later on if they are supposed to be soldiers , troops , tanks , or airplanes ? It would be indistinguishable . I was extremely upset when I opened this and tried to play my first game . Do n't waste your money on this , buy the original Axis & Allies instead .
 I am a big fan of Axis and Allies , and have been playing for over 10 years . However , the basic problem with this game is the initial conception - that WWII can be isolated to just the European theater . The mere concept demonstrates the game 's limitations . What if the British are pressured in India ? What if the Japanese increase garrisons in Manchuria ? Even if the Japanese would get stomped by trying once again for Siberia -LRB- as they were encircled and crushed in the late 30 's -RRB- , it would still force the Russians to choose between two very difficult problems , and possibly increase garrisons at the expense of the German front , since defending Siberia is a very economical form of defense . What about the war in the Pacific ? Are America 's resources being funneled into that theater in the proper force levels ? All of these would help the Germans in different ways . Instead , we 're asked to turn a blind eye to these issues , and pretend that nothing else affects the European theater.Although this game adds some very interesting rules that were clearly needed in the original game , the problem with this edition is that it is incredibly limited at the stategic level . Without the Japanese , and the theoretical possiblity -LRB- although , in reality , impossibility -RRB- of squeezing the British economically with both Axis players , the game offers fewer choices , much like the actual conditions presented to the Germans in WWII . The Germans can do two things
 I was a little disappointed when this little bunny arrived . I expected it to be smaller and the ears were smashed back . I could not get them to face forward like the photo , which makes the bunny cuter . Otherwise , it is very soft , cute and a great Easter basket addition !
 Site did not give a size . I thought I was getting a fantastic deal for $ 1.90 ; I thought it was like many things I have bought this way and seller just wanted to get rid of them . As it turns out , it is tiny . Let 's put it this way
 very small i wish i know it was so small i would not have order it .
 Your kid will be frustrated by how the cheap parts break , you will get annoyed when they keep bugging you about how the screws get stripped and you have to tape it together and then when all is said and done , they use it once and then go outside and play basketball and that thing just sits on some shelf until you decide to just throw it away . Do n't buy it . Save your money .
 My son received this ant farm as a gift . In an attempt to be cute , the manufacturers painted one side of the plastic with goofy pictures - this means you can only see what 's happening with the ants on the other side . Also , the sand gets moldy even after following the directions and limiting the water . If I ever get another ant farm it might be the gel type .
 The manufacturer claims this is a good beginner kit , so I purchased the model that does n't require soldering for my son . He worked hard putting it together by following the instructions , which were not easy to read or follow . After three tries , the rear axle continued to malfunction . Even with my help and help from the Troubleshooting section , the axle would not connect to the crown gear or the pinion . So we have a robot that does n't work . My opinion is that the rear axle was poorly designed to begin with , which is why it malfunctions and why it 's listed in the Troubleshooting section . The manufacturer should have corrected the problem before releasing the product . After all , the axle is a primary working part ! A very disappointing product .
 This game is heavily developed based on the actual movie . If you have n't seen the movie , and/or your kid was too young to understand the plot , then they might not get the game.Most of the adventures are based on the story plot . A lot of the adventures are a bit dumb , like McQueen bumping alphabet tires into a truck , McQueen tipping over the tractors based on counting smoke rings , McQueen herding the tractors back into the pen , McQueen driving down a long road and picking up shapes , McQueen driving down a road looking for Mack based on memory , McQueen dodging the firetruck water blast , etc. . The only adventure I liked was the forklift picking up tire numbers -LRB- odd vs. even -RRB- and installing them on the race car.Don ' t buy this game unless your kid is obsessed with Cars .
 My 4yr old daughter finds this game very boring . She hardly ever picks it out to play . When I have sat down to play it with her I have found it quite boring as well . Maybe it is more suited for a boy .
 i got this toy for christmas . i wanted it so bad . but when i got it , it was so not what i expected . You have to go through training first until you can even play the real game ! and you have to get a certain score just to advance and play the real thing . Its no question that Prime Entertainment really blew it on this toy.Bad features : game sensor hastrouble picking up your actions , have to go through trainingjust to play the game .
 the punches would never hit the right spot !!!
 My two sons , 7 and 5 , love Hot Wheels and any kind of racing games . They were very disappointed in this video game . It is not challenging at all , and the graphics are very poor.Don ' t waste your money . Some of the other TV video games are quite fun .
 Put batteries in -LRB- the right way -RRB- , plugged into TV - did n't work . Tried going thru VCR - did n't work . Tried three different TV 's and it still did not work . What a waste ! Returned to WalMart and got a larger credit than what I paid for it online ! Will never buy a plug-and-play again . What does everyone think of Gamecube ???
 I and my six-year-old daughter -- who is delighted to play just about any game at all that 's about pets -- literally threw this game away within ten minutes of turning it on . It played in black and white , but even in color this had shockingly poor graphics , sound , and games . Barbie basically does n't move . The `` animation '' was better on the original Asteroids game -LRB- if you 're old enough to remember -RRB- . The only sound is a tinny tune that never changes . The games are pathetic . I can not fully convey how lousy this was . My real rating is ZERO .
 I bought this for my 10 year old daughter and she was extremely disappointed . She has always been a Barbie fan , but this particular game left her very upset . It is boring and a waste of money . Do n't get it ! Spend your money somewhere else ...
 It broke on the second day and the ` different ' sounds all sound the same . And the sounds are highly annoying , akin to fingernails on a chalkboard . Big waste of money and big disappointment for my son .
 My son begged for this thing when we were on vacation and spent his hard earned money on it . The store manager opened the package and put the battery in for us to make sure it worked because he said sometimes they did n't ... that should have been my first clue . The first one did n't work properly . That should have been my second clue . He opened a second one and it worked fine . We packed it away in our suitcase because I did n't want to listen to that all the way home from our vacation . He got it out as soon as we got home and he and his sister played with it and had tons of fun . But two days later , there was nothing ... the battery was fine and we even tried a new one . But nothing . This thing is a piece of garbage and was a total disappointment . I 'm trying to contact the store where we got it to see if there is something they can do for us . But being that they are 1,000 miles away and we paid cash , I 'm not holding my breath .
 First , I must give Endless Games credit for trying to bring attention to many terrific game shows of the past by creating home versions of them ... and some of them are rather pricey . Sadly , the consumer gets very little for the money.Card Sharks is a perfect example . It 's based on the classic game show of the late 1970s and mid 1980s ... yet barely resembles it . They used as a basis for design the set from the failed 2001 revival ... which itself bore no resemblance to the original . This makes no sense.Don ' t be surprised if what 's in the box does n't match what 's on the cover . I expected playing cards with the logo , bot got cheesy red and blue regular playing cards . I expected a stand-up board , like on the show ... you get a piece of cardboard that you have to flip . Not a whole lot for -LSB- this price -RSB- . As a life-long Card Sharks fan , I was very disappointed when I opened this box.I wonder if those who designed this home version ever watched the original show ... does n't seem like it.Save you money , and do what my daughter and I did ... go to the store , make your own set and buy cards for a buck or two . You 'll save money and have more fun than you would have with this turkey .
 I love Plan toys , and this concertina exhibits the great construction I 've come to expect from Plan . What I DO N'T like is the sound ! It plays two notes , one on the inhale and one on the exhale . Could n't we have some finger holes to make different notes ? It is easy enough for a toddler to play , but the sound it makes is so objectionable that most parents would hide it from their kids .
 I wish I loved the Plan Toys concertina as much as I love their drum or the adorable pull alligator toy . But oy . It just does not produce a single pleasant sound , which is especially ironic considering the product description claims quite the opposite -LRB- `` Plays Pleasant Sounding Notes '' -RRB- - hmmm ... hardly . I 'm not even sure we can claim it makes more than a single sound , which is one identical to a police car 's siren.Giving it two stars if only because we still play with it every once in a while , and it remains part of our young toddler 's music instrument collection -LRB- along with the above-mentioned drum , a glockenspiel , a guiro , etc. -RRB- , but probably just for novelty 's sake . It would be lovely if this were reworked so that it actually produced anything that could be remotely called `` music . ''
 As a concertina player , I thought my grandson might enjoy playing this toy along with me.He does n't . The bellows is so heavy duty and stiff , it almost takes an adult to operate it . And when it is `` played '' , it does not make a musical sound - it makes a grunting , wheezing sound.This is a good idea but very poorly executed.Avoid it .
 The product description says for 19 months and up . I do n't think so . This toy is pretty heavy and bulky . And squeezing it to make sound would require a lot of effort for a 19 month old . Another frustrating thing is they put the air vent for the toy to make sound right under the straps where you hold the toy , so you ca n't actually touch the toy while playing it , you can only hold the straps . Not very well designed .
 I ourchased this for my 10 month old for Christmas , and it is broken . It worked great Christmas morning , and that was it . The big button the baby uses to turn it on and off doesnt work . He cant even play with it . A total waste of money .
 I 'm so frustrated with this machine that I just bought a new chess computer from a different company . It 's hard to tell the pieces apart on this computer , and even worse , it 's very easy to accidentally `` change sides '' during a game -- but very hard to change back ! So there I am , playing white , when suddenly the computer says FLIP and wants me to play black instead . Then it wo n't let me go back to white . After owning this product less than two months , I 've given up and ordered a Saitek Maestro . The whole thing makes me miss my now defunct Jasper Novag .
 This is based on my ten year old son 's opinion . He likes the hand held part . Unfortunately , when we connect it to the board , the hand held does not work - it just freezes up . We tried the trouble shooting suggestions -LRB- resetting -RRB- , but still could n't get it to work . Because he did n't care about using the board , we have n't pursued getting it fixed .
 It appears the set up with the opposing pieces to the left and right of the computer is incorrect -LRB- the Black Queen is on a white square -RRB- . However , the box shows you as White facing the computer , as the lower right square is white in that setup . I would not consider buying this if the computer is only to the side while playing as in the photos . Which is the real configuration of the pieces , facing the computer or with it to the side ?
 I was so excited when I came across triops for my 11 year old son , that I did n't think twice about reading reviews and simply purchased these for one of his Christmas gifts . Why is it that hindsight is always 20/20 ? Why could n't foresight be that great ? Before you get overly excited about seeing triops grow before your child 's eyes , please take a moment to ask yourself this very important question
 DID NOT HATCH , bought 2ND ORDER AND STILL DID NOT HATCHvery dissappointing for both me and my son !!! WOULD NOT RECOMMEND !!!
 Follow the direction closely but none of the eggs hatched . Temperature , sunlight , water , everything was nice and proper but nothing happened after 72 hours . On the other hand , the Sea Monkey we purchased at the same time hatched after 24 hours ... We were so looking forward to this , even with its limited lifespan of a few months . Oh well !
 The triops eggs never hatched and the directions were followed perfectly ! I have had good luck with this product in the past but NOT this time ! My students were VERY disappointed and so was I.
 Only two or so survive to reach an inch . Be prepared for some cannibalism . Nasty as hell when they start eating eachother .
 I concur with other review . Places too little emphasis on educating , too much on playing a game .
 I PUCHASE THIS ITEM , BUT CA N'T GIVE IT A GOOD REVIEW , BECAUSE IT WILL NOT WORK WITH MY FIRST LEAPPAD , I WILL BE RETURNING IT , I WISH IT HAD LISTED THAT IT DOES N'T WORK WITH MY FIRST LEAPPAD IN THE PRODUCT DETAIL , ALSO HAVE ANOTHER BOOK AGAIN DOES NOT WORK WITH MY FIRST LEAPPAD , WHERE CAN YOU FIND A BOOK UNDER THE SAME PRICE THAT WORK WITH MY FIRST LEAP PAD . I HAVE A SET OF TWINS & I NEED ANOTHER BOOK
 The rechargeable battery lasted all of one month . What 's the point ? The overall design of the engine is great . But again , without batteries that last , you are left with a useless toy soon enough .
 Amazon -LSB- . com -RSB- recommended this game for me , based on the fact that I love the game Set . Unfortunately Xactika bears a strong resemblance to `` 10 to 1 , '' a game played with a normal deck of cards . If you already know how to play `` 10 to 1 , '' Xactika may seem derivative . After trying Xactika once or twice , we threw it in the drawer and just played `` 10 to 1 '' instead .
 This game does n't have the same style as those of the Reformation and even earlier . Augustine 's `` Hungry , Hungry Bishop of Hippo '' set a standard to which Osteen can only dream .
 This was bought as a joke gift for a friend . Joel has popularized a gospel message that promises an easy , comfortable , and properous lifestyle to the Christian . He ignores the fact that God 's primary purpose for us is to make the glory of God known to the world , and instead , Joel promotes an idea that loving God will result in making more money . This game gives us a great example of what is wrong with the prosperity gospel .
 I bought it as a joke for my friends who know the gospel , and since Osteen preaches no gospel at all , it was fun to see them laughing when they opened the package .
 even as i type this , money is raining down from my ceiling . i am feeling so prosperous and sassy . with each of roll of the dice , i 've gotten new things
 God is going to rain down judgment on our nation . This garbage is evidence that God 's presence will soon make an exit . Jesus did n't die to make this life better , He died in order for us to have a better life with Him for eternity . If in this life you experience your `` best life '' then your life to come is hell .
 Jesus Christ died on the cross for our sins , and for Joel Osteen 's bank account . Reportedly , 3 million sold . Screw the poor , give your money to the nearest Mercedes-driving preacher a.s.a.p.I got this as a gag gift , which is sad because that means more money in his pocket .
 I bought this clock last December through the USCF store , and this clock lasted 3 tournaments and less than 10 games . One of the buttons to adjust the time of the clock just stopped working , making this clock unusable . While this clock is compact and easy to use with all the features needed for chess tournaments , this clock broke within the 90-day warranty.Another note about the company that manufactures this clock
 From the time that I ordered the timer , it had an issue with one of the buttons not working properly and I thought that it would resolve itself after some use . And as soon as I was ready to return it , the return date had expired . I would greatly appreciate a replacement for this item .
 I bought one of these because I thought it looked cool and it was cheap , but as soon as I took it out of the box I knew I had made a mistake . The buttons were flimsy and the quality of the clock 's plastic was terrible . I put in some batteries and one of the buttons did n't even work . That same day I packed it up and returned it . A month later I purchased a Chronos for $ 40 more and have been happy ever since .
 After receiving the chess timer , replaced batteries only to find out the timer is defective . I really needed a timer for my daughter 's chess tournament . Since this one did not work , she ended up using her play mates timer . Returned the item . Would not recommend .
 I am usually good at doing the research and not ending up with a bad product like this one but I guess I was not diligent enough . The display is unreadable and the device is so cheaply built it looks like it may not last more than 1 good game . Do not buy this product rather roll up the 50 odd dollars and light it up .
 Sabre IV by Excalibur Electronics - I was very disappointed in this product . When you move a chess piece , you gently press it down on the square , move it , and press it down again . This is how the computer registers a move . Some of the pieces would not work , even when pressing them down several times . This is one of two computer chess games I have had to return to Amazon -LRB- see my review of the Saitek Kasparov Alchemist -RRB- .
 We bought this train because it was a Brio and we are very disappointed . It constantly derails . We are very unhappy with BRIO for making such a Bad Product .
 This item would be an excellant educational item if it had my son 's math book on it . I was disappointed that I purchased this and can not use it . Plus the web site `` leap frog '' does not have my son 's books in it either and did not responsed to my request of when they would get his book 's on line so I could down load them . The iquest was a waste of my money .
 This product does nothing if you make your own decals with decal paper . It is supposed to help `` melt '' the decal onto your application . It was about as useful as water . Save your money .
 Since Joanne 's completely neglected to include the size of the furniture in the item description , I called the toll-free # on their website to verify it . The representative informed me -LRB- erroneously -RRB- that this set would accomadate 11 '' dolls ; in fact , it is miniature . Also , if you 're getting this item , be prepared to spend at least a few hours assembling it .
 Not easy to put together and not durable at all , very junky looking . Would not order another product like this .
 I was very disappointed that this was a kit , needed painted , assembled , and flimsy , I thinks this is of poor quality . It is advertised as a set , and is advertised this way for the review , a kit was never mentioned
 Cheap crap , not worth the money and where 's the white tub pieces . Total crap . I 've been too busy to return this and now I 'm stuff with it . It been 30 days .
 I ordered this for my daughter . The product comes nice enough , and clear as day on the cover it says it includes easy to follow instructions . We opened it up to discover no instructions . I contacted the seller and they sent us a replacement quickly , without issues . The second one they sent also did not have any instructions . I guess if I could figure out how all the pieces fit together , I would have two furniture sets for the price of one !
 it 's still waiting for me to put it together ... I do n't like the material it 's made from , , , , lots of splinters , would be very hard for kids to work with
 it was so cheap and bad . It was a awful , awful . greenleafGreenleaf Dollhouse Furniture-Bathroom Setdisappoint ! and it was x-mas gift . I 'll get another bathroom
 paying this much for this toy seems to be pointless to me . all it is is another soft toy with bright colors . i think alot of toy companies and manufacturers need to lower the prices . toys are just getting way out of control price-wise speaking . looks cute though but at least lower it ten or 15 dollars less and you might get more buyers .
 My husband and I are very into educational toys and so we bought this shape sorter for our son 's first birthday ... the shapes are fun especially the clear shapes that contain miniature shapes that are consistent with the piece 's shape . The problem is that the walls of the toy are too soft and my son can fit any of the pieces into any of the openings . I am always playing with him so I can redirect him to the correct opening for lets say the square but we want to encourage independent thinking and well ... the shape sorter does n't have the firmness that will deter mistakes ! He may be thinking is if the square fits into the circle opening why is Mom shaking her head `` NO ! '' My son is getting confused with this toy ... and to make matters worse we paid $ 30 dollars for this toy ! Can I have my money back ?
 My 6 month old enjoyed this , but he also enjoys plastic cups so that is not saying much . The problem is that nowhere on the package does it say is is BPA free . Also some of the rubbers and plastics have an unfamiliar look and feel to other toys that I trust . So I went to the Small World Toys website to find out more and it has shut down . I got mine in a discount store so this Chinese made company might just be dumping them and spliting . I am taking this back , I do n't trust it .
 I purchased a two pack for xmas for my son . Only one of the two cars worked properly . The one not working would n't work because the on/off switch would n't stay on . I returned the cars and ordered all three of the cars . Only 1 of the 3 will work . Even with the car that does work turned off ... the others still do n't work . Once again . I 'm returning my sons xmas gift . Very upsetting .
 I will be returning this toy . I think that there is a short in the car . I also bought the mario car and donkey kong car and the remote for this car works for the mario car . I think that this is also a big flaw that all three cars can not be used at the same time . Very fragile toy , see my review on the donkey kong remote control car for details . This toy is meant for adults .
 This is a well made and attractive wooden toy . As a pull toy it falls short in that the string is too short for the wheels to stay on the floor with our child has the string in his hand . As a sorter , it is useless . Maybe as a child gets older , he will put the shapes into the proper receptacles . Until then , if he uses the shapes at all , he puts them into the open back . The open back is a problem , though . When the toy is pulled -LRB- carried around -RRB- the shapes just fall out the back . Our guy does seem to enjoy placing the driver into its proper spot , at least . Save your money and buy a GOOD pull toy and a GOOD sorter . This one is not good in either category .
 with the string you would think this is targeted at slightly older babies but it does not roll well and constantly tips over . My daughter was never interested at all and the pieces are a bit small . bought something similar for 1/4 the price at IKEA she likes much better .
 Would be nice to get a ball that is as pictured ... I thought I made a mistake , but clearly , the product page shows a black/green ball . Not going to bother returning . Too much hassle .
 Ordered this ball which appears green & white and got a pink ball - needless to say my two boys are not thrilled .
 This may be a great soccer ball , but the colors shown are dark blue , green , and red . We received the ball today , and it is white and pink ! The ball is for a boy , and somehow I have a feeling he will not like a pink one . I know I could return the ball , but I ordered a different one from a different vendor.If there are other colors of the ball , and there is no choice as to what one receives , please show ALL the colors . If I had known there was a possibility of getting a pink one , I would NEVER have ordered this ball .
 The ball is fine , but it 's pink . It appears from the other messages that you are buying a pink ball . If you want a pink ball , then this is perfect .
 My son absolutely loved his doll!Unfortunately , it was poorly made and the head almost fell off . The shape of the head made it difficult to sew the head back on , so for now it 's pinned on until I can get it out of my sons grip in order to sew it back on.It served it 's purpose , but it was poorly made .
 Cute but not for heavy play . Has a string on top of its head like you are supposed to hang it . Material does n't seem durable for a child to play with .
 I baught this toy for my three year old brother , who loves sonic so much ! of course he adores his new sonic toy , but he does n't realize that his little sonic is FALLING APART SO QUICKLY . the poor craftmanship is not described at all in other reviews . i got this sonic in 4 days and he loved it . it doesnt look quite like the picture , he has a string on the top of his head and his eyes are cross eyed and his legs are bowed in , but he doesnt care . BUT !!!! on the first day , with my little brother doing nothing more than cradle him in his arm around the house , i noticed three of his SEAMS ON HIS BACK HAD ALREADY LOOSENED AND STUFFING WAS FALLING OUT OF THE BACK OF HIS HEAD . he has had him less than a week and the SAME THING IS HAPPENING TO HIS STOMACH AND ARMS ! it 's ridiculous . i spent a lot of time finding this toy for him at an appropriate price , since sonic toys are hard to find in alaska . but this was not worth the money . he still loves him , but i 'm afraid he will have to retire pretty soon because he is not durable at all !!!! i 'm very disappointed more reviews did n't say anything about this .
 Our 6-year-old daughter just got this bear for her birthday - unfortunatley , it does n't work the way they claim . I hid it at one end of the house , my daughter began searching in the opposite end of the house and the transmitter said `` You 're getting warmer ... -LRB- which obviously she was n't ... -RRB- '' . Half the time she just found the bear accidentally without it giving any hints at all - it just kept saying comments like `` You 're fun to play with '' and other such statements , but nothing to help direct her to the bears location . She just ended up wandering around the house and the comments coming from the transmitter were mostly haphazard and had nothing to do with where the bear was located . So the `` fun '' lasted for barely 10 minutes . I would love to return it , but we already threw away the box ... If your child wants this toy , I would highly suggest you try to guide her toward something else .
 The product more or less randomly tells your child she 's getting warmer , and occasionally colder . This is a useless toy that should never have been sent to market . Even worse , you have to reach into the bear to get to the `` off '' switch , which makes me wonder whether I 'll have to put new batteries in every time my kids use it . Save your money .
 It does n't work as it states that it should . My 6 year old does n't even try to get it to work right anymore . At Christmas we followed the directions closely . It does n't really tell you when you are warmer , and even when we stood right in front of it , it did n't say we had found it . This was a waste of $ 30.00 . If your child really wants it , try to steer her elsewhere . This is not a good toy.I suggest the game Hide & Seek Safari as an alternative . It works great and is fun for all ages .
 this was terrible ... first they had the control box wired into the box it came in , so we literally had to RIP it out of the box to get it out ... it will not tell you that you are warm or close unless you are about 1-2 inches from the bear ... do not buy !!
 The hide n seek care bear really was n't all it was made out to be . My kids played with it , with my husband , on Christmas , and they all gave up after 5 minutes . It was giving out wrong directions , and just was n't really a good substitute for a game of hide and seek . So my girls forgot about the remote control and play with the doll like it 's an ordinary stuffed animal -- an rather expensive stuffed animal !
 When I first got this in the mail , the chick squeaked at a VERY low tone . However , shortly after Easter without being touched , it never squeaked . It is so little and just not worth the money . Luckily my infant daughter will never know the difference .
 this does NOT have a `` solid pine cabinet '' anything ... . it is a metal or something-under-wood-like-wallpaper-covered-outer-doors exterior ... this does not have one piece of wood in it ... and the doors do NOT close ... the magnets do n't catch and the `` door knobs '' that came for it did not have any screw threads so we had to use gorilla glue to hold them on the outside ... of course we really do n't need the knobs since the door constantly swings open , on their own and the knobs are , therefore , useless ... plus the `` heckler option '' does not work - AT ALL ... we are at a loss for a replacement , since we are having a big party this weeekend and have no time to re-order a better model , or even a replacement piece of junk !!! do i sound upset ... gee i wonder why ... i have ordered from amazon for years and have never run into an item that was so mis-represented ... `` disappointed '' is a kinder , milder description ...
 I ordered a learning kit expecting to receive everything that I would need to make a river . When the kit came , on the outside it listed suggested tools of scissors , toothpicks , tape , etc of things that you would have around your home and not expect to be in the kit . When I opened it , I discovered that it did not include anything to make the river bed with . That defeated the whole purpose of my ordering the kit in the first place . The dimensions listed in the kit are different than what was listed on the Woodland Scenics website.I ended up making a pond and poured the Realistic Water in an area half the size that they said the water would cover . The water was absorbed into the material and does look anything like it should . After pouring the water , I read on the Woodland Scenics website that it is common for the first pour to get absorbed into the material and that wo n't happen with the 2nd pour . Unfortunately , they did not give water to do a second pour.I did get a good chuckle from the item description , `` Modelers , who are just starting out , will learn to create scenery the Woodland Scenics way , without spending a lot for the experience . '' I had to go out and buy Styrofoam to use for the bed and now have a pond without water . This kit was a total waste of money .
 The seller was great . The -LRB- toy -RRB- is not a toy , its an extremely fragile collectable which I broke in 3 places getting out of the box because its so fragile . I would never have bought this for my child who cried because she cant play with them . This should be stated by the product . It reads not for ages under 3 , I am 34 and broke it getting the tape off .
 When I was a kid , my older brother had this fairly-large , oval-shaped moving sand picture-toy . It was so cool and I absolutely loved to play with it until it broke and eventually disappeared one day -LRB- probably got thrown out -RRB- . Ever since then , I 've been searching for the same item and this product is the closest I 've seen . I was thrilled when it arrived in the mail until I discovered that , unfortunately , it 's a sad facsimile . It is much smaller than the one we had , the sand/liquid just do n't flow the same way , and the sand is constantly getting stuck here and there . I recently came across one of these in our local thrift shop and noticed it had the same problem . I imagine the former owner probably donated it for that reason.I guess I was spoiled by the quality of the original version we had years ago . I sure wish I could find it somewhere again . As far as this item is concerned , all I can say is that , sadly , they just do n't make things the way they used to .
 Received blue one that is so dark even if held to light or window can barely see sand that piles in one heap . Poor
 THEY ARE SO MUCH FUN WHEN YOU GET THEM-BUT THEY SWELL OVER TIME-AND do not work properly-SAD-THEY NEED TO BE MORE STERILE-TO LAST !!!
 I dont know if i do anything wrong but , after trimming , following the instructions and lines , the body did n't fit in my jato , the hole for the engine is too small , you 'll have to use your eye and your instinct .
 My mom ordered this crib for us as a gift . It arrived damaged -LRB- scuff marks on curved part at top & chunk of wood missing around inner hardware -RRB- . We shipped it back and waited for a replacement . The replacement crib arrived today -- also damaged -LRB- scuff marks on curved part at top and chunk of wood missing near bottom of leg -RRB- ! I am returning the 2nd crib and will NOT request a replacement . This has been a big waste of time and effort . It 's too bad , because most of the crib was really beautiful.ETA
 WE 'VE HAD THIS CRIB FOR A LITTLE OVER A YEAR NOW AND ONE OF THE SLATS ON THE SLIDING PART OF THE CRIB HAS BROKEN OFF TWICE IN 2 MONTHS . MY SON DOES NOT HAVE SUPER HUMAN STRENGTH NOR IS HE UNUSUALLY LARGE . A CRIB SHOULD BE A SAFE PLACE FOR A BABY . THANK GOD I WAS RIGHT THERE WHEN IT HAPPENED OR ELSE HE COULD HAVE GOTTEN HIS HEAD STUCK . THE MANUFACTURER IS TAKING THEIR SWEET TIME RESOLVING THIS ISSUE . I GUESS YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR .
 There 's no denying the High Wind looks cool , and had the makings of a terrific display piece , if not for the fact it looks like it was painted by a five year old with an air brush . I mean its abysmal , colors have bled into places they should n't , places that should be painted are n't , and wishful thinking is the only thing holding it together . If you 're willing to put forth a little effort , fix it up , and paint it yourself , this can be an amazing display piece , if not then this is a piece to stuff in the back of the closet away from the light of day so no one has to know you actually spent good money for it .
 The basketball arrived flat . I was expecting to have it all aired up . It was not . I think this is a bad way to ship a ball . I have no idea how to air it up for my nephew . Not happy .
 Areas of the figure have low quality , does not look very realistic . Some scuff marks on helmet and body of figure .
 We ordered this pool toy to use on vacation at a family pool in Florida . It is a nice big size , and holds up really well to many hours of fun . However , we were VERY disappointed in the quality of the design on the product . My family uses the spray on sunscreen as it is so much easier to apply . We found that when you were on Turtle Island after applying the sunscreen , the ink came off of the plastic onto your skin ! In some cases it took a couple of days for it to come off . Most of the time we ended up turning it over and using the bottom instead so that we did not get ink on our skin or swim suits . I would not recommend the product solely due to the ink rubbbing off onto your body .
 Purchased this to go floating on the river . It lasted about 1 hour before it went completely flat in the middle and kept filling with water . We looked for a small holes or air leaks but couldnt see any reason for it going flat ! needless to say it stayed at the river . It was okay to lay on but sitting on it was very uncomfortable . Not very big , I was able to lay on it and put my towel and sunblock next to me but there was no room for anyone else . One of my friends tried to just sit on the side but it was very unstable and became a juggling act just to get on and off the thing ! not fun at all !!
 This float came with a hole in it . The center portion would never hold air and while it should have been a lot of fun , my kids never got the chance to use it . Must not be durable if it ca n't even make it through shipping .
 This purchase was to replace a 6 ' round pool float that the kids had used for over year until the hot Florida sun and pool chemicals did it in . We had hoped to get at least one summer out of this one . The kids loved it ... but it lasted only 1 weekend before getting a hole in it . It was fun for the short time it lasted , but I am very disappointed with the quality .
 We got 2 of these cribs , on for each of our twins . I thought that it seemed pretty , and we already had twin sized beds for them to use when they outgrew the cribs , so no need for a convertible crib.We were a little disappointed with the quality when we went to put them together . One had some damage on one side , which we put up against the wall . The other had a problem with the mechanism for raising and lowering the rail , and my husband had to take out a pocket knife and get the part shaped properly so that it would work . Also , for both of the cribs , the rail does n't slide up and down very smoothly.Once we got past those issues , the cribs were fine until our twins turned about 13 months old . Suddenly our daughter realized that the `` cut outs '' -LRB- for lack of a better term -RRB- on the ends were the * perfect * foot holds for climbing out of the crib ! She quickly taught her brother , and we had 2 kids under 14 months old who were already able to climb out of their cribs ; but way to young to move to toddler or twin beds . Crib tents have been our answer to this problem ; but I really think that they should have realized that this would be a problem , and not put that decorative touch on the cribs . I really wish that we had gone with the cribs that had the solid end pieces , with out ther `` cut out '' decoration -LRB- the few inches of slats at the tops of the ends -RRB- .
 We have had this crib for just over two years now . I noticed before that it nicked and scratched pretty easy . Well , this morning I woke up to my 26mnth old son SCREAMING ! When I went into his room , one of the bars has snapped in half and then completely off . He was stuck in between the two remaining bars , head inside the bed and body dangling outside ! I was so upset ! I had to push his body back up through the bed ! My poor angel was still screaming . He 's never been rough with the bed and I do n't know how the bar snapped like that ! I just know that I will NEVER purchase a crib like this or recommend it to anyone . I am also going to contact the maufacturer so other parents do n't end up with the same problem !
 This bed is made of poor manafacured wood and the side rail is stuck and can not move . Unfortunately my 19th month old son got bored and decided to chew through the soft wood panels . I went into his room and found wood chips everywhere . Thank goodness my little chipmunk is alright . Anyway , I definitely do not recommend this crib - it is not safe !
 I ordered from this seller about 15 days ago , and I got nothing . I sent them 3 messages asking what was going on , and nothing . I filed a claim against them , and WOW my order is magically on it 's way ! Of course , this was AFTER I filed a claim against them . I do n't think Amazon should even allow such a poor company to sell stuff on this site . They are a poor excuse for a company , and I hope they fail .
 Make no mistake about it - this toy is garbage . It is made of flimsy snap together plastic . The metal frame can not support anything - when you try to push it the frame bends and the wheels tip in and it will not move - forget it if a child tries to lean on it at all . The bottom shelf is not welded correctly , leaving the sharp metal posts of the shelf not sticking out -LRB- it arrived like this and this may just be a case of getting a bad one -RRB- . Not to mention this weld is the only thing holding the bottom together , so I expect one side to fall off right away . The cart section is only attached at the handle , so the cart flops around and could be a pinching hazard . I can not understand how this product was positively reviewed by anyone . It is terrible and I am extremely disappointed with this purchase . I can not believe this is safe for a child to play with .
 I bought this for my 3-year old great-granddaughter . I feel ripped off . It was awkward to put together , but we did accomplish that . The biggest thing is that the wheels do n't work right . The front wheels wo n't swivel , every time the cart is pushed a bit the wheels turn sideways . So , on our first shopping venture with it , she could n't steer it and it was hard to push because the front wheels turned sideways . I put a few things in the front figuring that with a little weight and traction they would work better . That did n't work . I turned them straight often , but they still turned sideways . Since I opened it and assembled it , I guess I ca n't return it . It 's headed for the garbaage . We 'll go to a store and buy a different one . Not one from KIDS ONLY .
 this product was enjoyed by my grandchildren but was not very durable . It kept falling apart . I would not recommend it for young children nor purchase another one .
 It looked cute in the picture , it came with food and money ... . but what a peice of junk . My 4 year old wanted a shopping cart with a seat she could put her baby dolls in and someone bought this off our wishlist ... . It does n't hold an average size baby doll , its flimsy , very easy to put together , and the food comes flat that you have to put together , and its not generic food your kid would even know what it is , very dissapointing . Oh yeah and the money , is one sided and you have to cut it out yourself ...
 This is one of the most cheaply made toys I have ever seen ! -LRB- It would n't even stay together ! -RRB- Not only that , it was SO small . After seeing this shopping cart , I do n't see how ANYONE can justify the price . I was too embarrassed to give it to my grandchild . I sent it right back !
 The description states that the age recommendation is 5 - 7 years -LRB- even though the box clearly says 3 + -RRB- , so I thought it was going to be a little bigger . The description also says metal frame , so I did n't think there was going to be so much plastic.There ARE dimensions listed in the description , so I should have looked at it closer , and the recipient really loves it , so if it holds up more than a couple of weeks , I guess the price was `` right '' for such a FRAGILE toy.If this one does n't last , I will replace it with a different product .
 I liked this one because it was not pink as I was purchasing it for my two sons . However , it continually falls apart and now the wheels do n't work very well . I would recommend spending a bit more money and purchasing something more durable . I wish I would have done that .
 HORRIBLE ! JUNK ! Pieces do n't go together properly . Wheels do n't turn correctly . Super small basket . Basket continues to fall off . Play money , coupons , etc. are printed on flimsy regular paper . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 Do n't buy this product ! My 2 year old got this for her birthday , and in less than a week my 3 year old was putting toys in the shopping cart to `` buy '' and snapped the plastic pieces at the bottom that hold it together ! If it ca n't hold toys/pretend food , than what is it for ??? My 3 year old was n't being rough with this toy at all . This is a very flimsy shopping cart .
 My 2 year old daughter loves pushing around furniture pretending they are shopping carts . I decided to purchase this one , because it appeared sturdy enough without costing too much . However , after setting it up , I realized I should have purchased one a bit sturdier . The cart ca n't hold very much weight before it starts to sag . The wheels are plastic and have difficulty staying in place while pushing -LRB- the front wheels often are aligned perpendicular to the cart and so do n't roll when being pushed -RRB- . My daughter sometimes has to pick the cart up or pull it behind her during playtime . However , she has given up the regular furniture to be her carts and this has saved the wooden floors.The play food provided is dinky and undesirable for my 2 year old . They have found a home in the bottom of a box .
 Our daughter played with this for 1 day and the wheel broke off . It is very flimsey and cheaply made . We are going to throw out the cart instead of trying to ship it back and pay more $ for that . It 's very disappointing .
 This shopping cart looks really nice from the picture , but does n't hold up well . The color of the cart is what sold me , but after receiving this for christmas , it lasted only a couple days . The frame of the shopping cart is metal , the wheels are plastic and the cage is several peices of plastic that is flimsy and snaps together . When it gets pushed into something the cage comes unsnapped . We had to zipstrip it to stay together a little better , but in the long run we wished we had n't purchased it . Size wise it would be for a 1 - 2 year old . My four year old has to bend down pretty far to push it .
 The cart is made of flimsy plastic ! Much smaller than it appears . Food items it comes with are silly . Money has been copied so many times that it is blurry ! I was embarrassed to give this as a present to my niece . Looks like I paid $ 2 for it
 I ordered this because it looked like the real carts at the store and it says its metal but when I got it . . it is plastic . Only the legs of it is metal ... the cart is blue and red Not the realistic one pictured when I ordered it ... But yet they changed the picture on here and all even went up on the price since I ordered it a week ago ... I do not recommend it due to they are obviously misleading people by saying it is metal and change items pics after your purchase !! food items very flimsy !! Doubt they last 30 mins ** UPDATE ** 6 Months later the cart is broken , the plastic pieces that join the cart together are not very sturdy and have cracked , which causes the cart to dip . Buy at your own risk !
 I bought this cart for my then 21/2 y.o. daughter for Christmas 2006 . She very much enjoyed playing with it for the few months that it lasted . While it was very cute , light enough for a toddler and easy to put together , it was made of very cheap material . Without any abuse or misuse by my daughter , it bent so that it is now permanently lopsided and is no longer fun or easy to push . My daughter never tried to climb in it or overload it with heavy objects . It is simply poorly quality and not made to last . I would recommend shelling out the extra dollars for one of the more sturdy carts .
 Bought this for my 11/2 year old since she likes to push stuff around . The info says metal frame - it is all plastic and snaps together . We put one or two food items in it and it was weighted down and did not push well . I am going to go tomorrow and buy my daughter a metal shopping cart . Also it is very brightly colored - in the picture posted I thought it was metal colored for the most part with some accents - does not look like real shoppoing cart as my 3 yeasr old pointed out !
 This toy is designed for a toddler due to its small size , but interestly is advertized for ages 5 & up . I now know why . It 's a hazard . Pros
 This cart is adorable , but will not make it past Christmas Day . It is sized for 2 to 3 year old child . If I had it to do over I would buy the same old plastic one that has been around for the last forty years they are much better made than this cart . It pops together `` and apart all the time '' . When I received it I put it together sighed and put a smile on and showed it to my mother and said look will 's cart came in the mail . She busted out laughing and said `` boy you sure got burnt on that did n't it cost about -LSB- ... -RSB- When I told her with shipping -LSB- ... -RSB- she fell in the floor . This cart is worth about -LSB- ... -RSB- . if I had seen it put together in a store and I really wanted to get a cart for my child I would have payed -LSB- ... -RSB- for it . If he really wanted it with all his heart otherwise it is a -LSB- ... -RSB- toy .
 I purchased this for my daughter hoping it would be a cart that would last , but the basket is made of separate plastic pieces that snap together and ca n't hold anything with weight ! The wheel do n't roll very well especially on carpet . The section where you would put a doll is cheap plastic as well and can only hold a very small stuffed animal . Spend a little more and get one of the metal carts !
 THIS IS SO CUTE BUT CHEAP . IT WOULD HAVE BEEN FINE BUT THE BASKET PART IS CHEAP POP TOGETHER PLASTIC . WORTH 10 BUCKS I PAYED $ 32.00 TOTAL . DO N'T GET ME WRONG MY SON LOVES IT , BUT IT WILL NOT LAST . THEY HAD ONE AT THE DOLLAR GENERAL FOR $ 9.99 I SHOULD HAVE GOT IT . SUPER CUTE WITH A SUPER NOT CUTE PRICE FOR WHAT IS . THE PLASTIC BASKET HAS NO LIP TO THE PART THAT POPS TOGETHER . WELL IT DOES N'T REALLY EVEN POP TOGETHER MORE LIKE SLIDED TOGETHER . METAL FRAME WITH A `` HOUSE OF CARDS '' STYLE CONTRUCTED BASKET .
 i ordered this before i went to our local store and saw something very similar . the price of the item in our local store was 10 dollars cheaper and was made out of plastic . this is made out of metal and rusted about a week after we got it . we live in a very humid place so i 'm sad that i did n't consider that before i ordered this . two weeks later , the rust caused the bottom rack to fall down that my husband had to put electric tape to hold it . now i do n't know where it 's at . i think it rusted away taking the tape with it . -LRB- it was fun while it lasted -RRB-
 The wheels on the front of the cart turn sideways and prevent it from rolling . My daughter can rarely get the cart to roll properly and thus rarely plays with it . I wish we had bough a different cart that is less frustrating to push .
 Though the shopping cart is cute , it is super tiny , more for a 2 yr old to play with . I teach Prekindergarten and my class kids had to stoop to use this cart . The items are spread out to make it look like you get a lot of food items . You do n't , and they are so tiny they do not appear realistic to use in a home center setting . Buy another cart if you have 4-5 year olds and teach school .
 All my daughter wanted for Christmas 2011 was a shopping cart . We ordered this one because she liked the colors - went to put it together on xmas eve only to find there were only 2 wheels included in the box . We ended up running to Walmart to get a replacement
 Do n't waste your money on this flimsy cart . It is so flimsy that my 2 year old son could n't even push it because it is so light that there is no weight on the wheel to turn in the forward direction . The wheels stay in a sideways position and ca n't be pushed . It 's super tiny and cheap . Pay a little more and get a metal cart or one of the bigger and sturdier plastic carts . I wanted to return this but waiting too long -LRB- past the 30 day policy -RRB- and so I just ended up throwing it away .
 I bought this thinking , it 's great - shade , big area etc. well , there 's a minimum of 5 air valves to fill up . i think the canopy area has 3-4 . and then when you need to deflate it -- takes longer than when you fill it up . some people buy it and then buy the balls as an add on - this i think would be a good use for it . We 're in FL so it 's hot and sunny and for just 15-30 minutes of splash time with a 7 month old it 's not worth having this big thing at the ready . go with the small intex -LRB- sp ? -RRB- yellow/blue shaded pool , it 's small enough yet big enough that you do n't feel like the baby is sitting in a small tub . i would pass if i was you , thank goodness the price was cheap , otherwise i would really be bummed .
 Got this at the start of last summer for my then 14 month old . We enjoyed it until the dome developed a slow leak . Every time she wanted to play in it , I had to find the dirty plug , try to clean the mildew out , and re-blow it up . Dome is not removable , so had to keep reinflating in order to use pool at all . It fit her and her two cousins , sort of , but no way would an adult fit in there . I had been imagining kicking back in her pool with her , but it was n't sturdy or big enough for that . It 's not easy to find an affordable but decent baby pool , but based on this experience , I 'd say keep looking !
 This got good ratings on Amazon so I got one for the kids . Only used it once because the second time , it wo n't inflate anymore . There is already a leak .
 We bought this item for our daughter 's birthday because she loves Schoolhouse Rock . After opening it and playing we discovered it was just the songs and one game ? When you read about what is offered it says `` games '' , we only found one on the whole thing , guess we misunderstood the whole principal of the cartridge . I ended up returning it because if I wanted her to watch the videos I would buy the Schoolhouse Rock DVD , which we did . Anyway , thought we should share this because when you read about it you expect games that have to do with the songs ?
 With five kids under the age of 9 and four Leapsters in the house , there is rarely a time when someone is n't playing one -LRB- if not all ! -RRB- of them . We have about 10 of the cartridges , and this was the most disappointing -LRB- followed closely by Spiderman -RRB- . There simply is n't enough for them to do with it . The beauty of the Leapster is the ability to interact with the games , and learn while they do it . Watching a video on a 2 inch screen just does n't cut it .
 The kit looks like good value with everything seemingly included.The problem is that the Nutrient Agar which is included in two bottles , did NOT produce any results.We only needed 9 petri dishes for my daughter 's science experiment , so when the first 9 failed we used the remaining in the kit to try again ... this time with the second bottle.Again , zero results!Don ' t waste your time or money on this.Now we are scrambling to source some local agar so we have time to finish my daughter 's project before the due date !
 UGH ! This product looked easy enough to use and we needed a lot of petri dishes , so I thought this was the best buy . I put the solution in my microwave for 2 minutes -LRB- the directions said 2-5 so I was being cautious -RRB- . About a minute and a half later we heard a huge explosion and my microwave was dead . My microwave door is now jammed closed from the explosion and it is completely broken ! I HIGHLY caution anyone from using this product .
 it smelledhorrible and it didnt work even though i followed directions i hate it and dont recommend it
 We bought this kit for a science project . We followed the directions exactly how they were written . NOTHING grew . Very disappointing . Had to order a different kit from another vendor in order to do the science project . Very disappointed .
 What happened to hot wheels tracks ? Does anyone else remember when you could buy a box with a whole bunch of track and connectors and create your own layouts?The sets available come with a paltry 2 or 3 yards of track and maybe a bunch of hard plastic pieces . Only a limited number of configurations are possible .
 We bought this toy for our 10 month old daughter , who just love to make noise with anything . She also loves to stick things in her mouth because she 's teething . One day , she was trying to stick the shaker with the bells in her mouth . the metal from one of the bells cut her lip ! We let her play with the other ones still , but the one with the bells is put away at least until she 's older !
 I bought this for my 1st Grader thinking she would be challenged for some time to come . With in two hours she had mastered all programs and wanted another Leap Pad Book . This was not 3rd Grade level from our standpoint . Very disappointed in the content .
 The kids had a great time with this -- about 30 minutes worth . The bumper ripped apart within the first 2 minutes . Ten minutes later , the bummper section began to seperate from the rest of the slide . 30 minutes into it , it was ready for the garbage can .
 I felt deceived when I receieved this product . The speaking mechanism is NOT activated by the train passing through the station . It is only activated by pushing the button . No one wants to sit there and push a button ! The idea is to have a voice speak out when the train rolls by . I was very disappointed , since Brio toys are so expensive .
 I really do n't see what is so great about this toy . The ring that holds it together in the center makes it so that you can not move anything . They might have put the ring there because it is for a baby and it has to be a safe toy . But , then that defeats the purpose of the toy . I suggest getting one of the adult tangles to let your baby play with and then just supervise .
 I purchased this product based on the reputation of Colorforms in the past -LRB- even from my childhood -RRB- , and based on the fact that it was being to two little girls who love to dress up their dolls , etc. . Most of the individual dressing pieces did not `` peel off '' very well on the initial trial , and as such , would not stick to the cardboard dolls very well-if they initially came off that way , they were basically ruined for the game . It was so bad that after playing the game three times , the girls threw the game out because their were so few playing pieces left to dress up the dolls with . And yes , an adult DID help them initially peel off the pieces , so that was not the issue . This is certainly not a product I would recommend to anyone , and I was very disappointed in the Colorforms line that they would put out something of such poor quality .
 The videos are not useable except in the Leapfrog Leapster . I did not know that until I received the order ! Thanks alot Leapfrog .
 I just bought this toy for $ 12.98 at Toys R Us -- my son loves it , the wires could be a danger as previously mentioned , but my 3 yr old is very technical and plugging this in was a better alternative to extension cords !! It is a little ` cheaply ' made , but he is careful with all of his tools and takes it very seriously !
 I DO NOT suggest anyone buy this toy . The cords that connect to the tools from the generator are very long and dangerous . I am very worried that some child is going to be strangled by these cords . It is also nearly impossible for them to walk anywhere without tripping on the cords . The tools do not work without the cords but I have taken the cords away anyway due to safety concerns . My son just makes imaginary noises with them now . The generator makes an obnoxious humming noise which I could tolerate if I were n't so worried about the cords . Why would anyone make a child 's toy with long tangling cords ?? Also , my drill did not work properly straight our of the box even with the cord and batteries . And it says it comes with all the batteries but it does not . 4 more are needed to be supplied by you in the individual tools .
 I regret this purchase because you need to have the drill and saw plugged into the generator in order for it to work . This does n't make sense because all three take batteries and the wires get crossed and tangled . Also , to carry three pieces at once makes it impossible for my young son to walk around `` using '' his tools . It frustrated him so much that I put it away and we no longer use it .
 I got this toy soon after Chris did his thing with his family . I was stunned to find out that the toy was still available , and even more stunned that it did not come with the noose or the Xanax . Mostly I was irritated about the Xanax . I certainly think the toy should come with a lifelike noose and a bunch of steroids .
 The three settings on it are laughable . All settings sound pretty much the same . It 's also impossible to get sound out of it without one 's own voice being just as audible
 This toy is terrible . The Robot voice is nothingbut a magnification of a reguar voice . The triggeris already loose , the speaker is loose.I want my money back , or better , another type ofmegaphone with , Robot , Alien , and something else.Thank you
 The toy itself is cute , but the photos of 6 in a bag on the page were entirely misleading . Overpriced for one small toy - should be no more than 6.99 .
 There was only one , not six in a package . Instead of having 24 snowmen for students , I 'm stuck with 4 .
 Please do n't waste your money on this toy . It will break the minute your child pulls on the hair it has really cheap parts but a good motor -LRB- but what good is the motor when the springs and things break -RRB-
 I bought this toy for my daughter for an early Christmas present and I was severly disappointed in the product . The hair would grow one out of every five times you touched the magic wand to the gem or the gem would light up until you physically turned the product off . We initally thought that the batteries were used up and tried new ones with no discernable change . We returned the product and was informed that some of the major retailers were no longer carrying this product due to it was being deleted out of their system and that we would not be able to get a replacement . My daughter was crushed . I am now trying to find a good replacement for this doll which was a disappointment .
 This doll 's hair is matted and unmanageable from the moment it comes out of the box . . The brush is useless and the barrettes are impossible for a small childs hands ... Not worth the effort in searching for it !
 My daughter who is 5 , recieved this doll for her birthday . She loves to watch `` Dora The Explorer '' on TV but was so depressed on her birthday.Dora 's hair would n't grow . Plus , when Dora spoke we could n't hear what she said . I thought it was the batteries that caused the problem . I had my husband change the batteries three times and it still did n't work . I suggest to all parents that you buy a `` Dora The Explorer '' product that is not electronic . This product is a total waste of money .
 My 4 year old got this for Christmas and it was broken within 12 hours . Dora 's hair stopped winding up . Obviously this toy is not sturdy enough for the age group it is meant for . My daughter was not rough with this toy , she just loved it so much that she played with it non-stop and took it everywhere with her that first day .
 This is another one of those toys that does 1 thing . My girls played with it when they first got it for about 2 days and have never touched it again . Pretty boring . It sings and its hair grows . It is really hard . At least with soft toys the kids can cuddle it as well . Skip this one unless your child is a die-hard Dora fan . For us , it is one of those toys that will end up being given away .
 We bought this for our niece and its cute but we later found it at toys r us for half the price !! We are so disappointed with Amazon right now . We looked back at some other gifts we bought and they were at least half pricce if not more at other sites .
 I bought this toy for my daughter for Christmas . Her heart was broken when Santa delivered her a broken doll . It did not work even after replacing the battaries . And of course , there were no more in the stores or online . Needless to say , I had to explain to a 4 yr old , why Santa brought her a broken doll . I am sure if we could have gotten one the was working it would have been great !
 DO NOT BUY THIS TOY ! IT IS BAD !!!!!! IT 'S TO MUCH MONEY AND WO N'T WORK !!!!!
 This was the only thing that my 4yr old wanted from Santa . Once she got it , she was so thrilled that she would n't even take the hair down because she wanted her to stay `` pretty '' . This doll was hardly ever played with and certainly not rough but about one month after Christmas the hair stopped growing . You could hear the gears grinding when the hair tried to wind down or up . This toy was a big disappointment for $ 30 .
 Well , it lasted less than two weeks . It 's a good heavy doll and looks like it is made well , but within two weeks the hair stopped moving . It just makes the sound like it is trying to , but no magical hair.Before that disaster , it was an ok toy . It pretty much sings one song and then a few phrases if you wave the magic wand over the crown . However , if you happen to have a child that tends to lose pieces - know that you only get one magic wand . Without it , you are doomed to listen to that same song again and again . Maybe that 's why her hair stopped growing . Maybe she grew sick of her own voice and her magical hair refused to cooperate any longer .
 I read the reviews for the Magic Hair Fairytale Dora before purchasing for my 3 year old daugter . I saw that some dolls were defective , but I did n't think it would happen to us . The dora doll that I spent so much time tracking down does not work . She talks just fine but the hair does n't grow . The motor churns , but the hair does n't grow or shorten . My daughter really loves this doll , we just wish it worked . I had to order online because no one had the doll in stock anywhere in town . I plan to contact the manufacturer .
 I wish I would have read the reviews beyond the first page before I bought this doll . It 's cute and has a great concept . I bought it for my daughter last Christmas . It worked for about one week and then the hair would not grow , the want would not work , it kept making this griding noise . All in all it was a waste of money .
 This seller please do n't buy anything from her . She says she has n't received my money and it was taking off my credit card . I have waited almost a month for the Elvis Robot . I am worried that she will hurt the Elvis Robot because she swears she has n't got the money . Amazon says she did . If you want to loose some money from her order from her . The worst seller , I 've ever had ! I will take further action for her taking my money .
 My wife bought me this set for Christmas when it first came out -LRB- for about $ 15 -RRB- . I thought it was a rip off at that price . The pieces are made of soft plastic and are way too large for the flimsy cardboard board that comes with the set . The Knight pieces barely stand up at all as they are top heavy and poorly balanced.Fortunately the pieces of this set are hollow and we were able to improve our set by using a hot glue gun to glue lead weights inside the base of each piece . Now the pieces are quite playable if one uses a full -LRB- tournament-sized -RRB- chess board.The current price that this set sells for is obviously due to its value as a collectable item . If you 're looking for a playable chess set , note that you can buy far better -LRB- more playable -RRB- chess sets for just a fraction of what this set sells for .
 This set is not only flimsy cheap plastic but also a choking hazard for ages 3 and younger . It 's poorly constructed ; you would be much better buying a nice classic chess set with marble or stone pieces than plastic made in China ... as all the Harry Potter games are . Who knows if there is arsenic or lead paint with imported toys like this .
 Paper-thin box , flimsy folding cardboard board , and poorly weighted pieces on a crowded board . Save your money and get something better ... this set 's only selling point is it 's link to Harry Potter -- and it 's a tenuous link at best .
 I was very disappointed by this product . I had expected it to be much nicer and fanicer than the regular chess games . The board is folded into 4ths and does not lie flat . The pieces wo n't stay in place . Although it has the pieces that Harry Potter uses , you 'd be better off to buy a cheap chess set . This is not up to the usual standard of the other Harry Potter products . Mattel did n't put much thought or time into this game .
 The pieces are crappy plastic . Two of the knights wo n't stand , the board is thin and does n't lie flat , and the box edges were worn -- we wondered if Santa sent a used gift . This was a Christmas bummer .
 Why is it called Wizards Chess ? All it is is a chess set like the set from the Harry Potter movies . At least give us a wand with a pusher at the end so we can move the pieces without touching them with our hands ! This is a chess set with . Nothing special . If you already have a chess set , keep it and stay away from this toy ! If you do n't , buy it ! It is still fun , just should n't be called Wizards Chess . Good day to you all .
 I was very disappointed whe I received this yesterday . Very flimsy board.It comes in a very thin box . very small . I can not believe I just paid $ 59.00 for this .
 O.K. it 's chess - The pieces should have been molded of a heavier plastic , with a base on them - they are hollow . The box is completely cheesy , Really cheap and flimsy - It should have a heavier stock cardboard with a molded insert at the very least to store the game . The board is also a bit too small for the size of the pieces.I like the look of the pieces , but they should be heavier . This game should have been designed to be sold as a real keeper - it was sold like a destined-for-the-trash toy .
 I loved the look of it but the paper was peeling off the letters/numbers and i actually told my daughter-in-law to return it - or put it away - My grandson is 1-1/2 years and does n't know about being real careful - but even if he did - the paper coating on the puzzle should never have been stuck on in such a shoddy way - In fact it should not have been a `` stick on '' at all - the puzzle should have been solid - with printing part of the actual constructionVery disappointing from a company that touts itself as child friendly - skip this one
 We got this toy for our two year old daughter because she loves these other wooden puzzles from go!toys and these looked very similar . But on taking it home we started noticing how different they are in quality . While the Go!Toys pieces are thickly painted all the way around the Melissa and Doug pieces just have a thin layer of paint on the top . We 've had this puzzle for just a few days and a lot of the paint has already come off . I do n't feel this toy is safe with my daughter because I do n't want her eating paint . Plus it looks like junk now . Because it is junk!I learned my lesson that just because it is made of wood does n't mean it is a good product . I will not be buying from this maker again and I wo n't recommend them to any parents.What a waste of money . If you can go find puzzles from Go!Toys -LRB- which was the home brand of a toystore we found in a mall in Burlington MA so it might be hard -RRB- I highly recommend those puzzles . They are just fantastic . We have had them for many months and they still look great and my daughter loves them . The Melissa and Doug puzzle is going in the trash where it belongs .
 Overall a good product for the price . We noticed that the manufacture says it 's hand painted , but acctually the letters are printed material glued on the wooden pieces , not painted on . The one we received had peeling edges that revealed this . Second , it is not real wood . The daddy probably knows the right term but to me , the mommy , its ` presure treated wood byproduct ' . You do n't see the beautiful rings of real wood on it . In addition , you need to wipe it clean before giving to your kids because of the fine samll dusts . I am not suprised about the quality being under $ 20 , but at least the manufacture should not state ` hand painted ' when it is not . These details may not bother you if you are ok with other Melissa and Doug products . However , I am concerned about the printed material and whatever they used to glue it on because my baby will chew on it and the chemical will end up in his tiny body . I am still in search for a puzzle painted with non-toxic paint .
 We bought the `` 123 '' puzzle by Melissa and Doug , and our 18 month old son loved that one , so we figured we 'd also get him this `` ABC '' one as well . The craftsmanship on the `` ABC '' puzzle is inferior to that of the `` 123 '' one . The ABC pieces are only painted on the front side , with the sides and backs being only unfinished wood , whereas on the `` 123 '' puzzle pieces were painted on front , back and side . Sounds like a little thing , but with the wear and tear little ones give the pieces , it makes a big difference . We 've only had the `` ABC '' puzzle out of the box for 5 minutes and small pieces of unfinished wood are already flaking off . Disappointing .
 The title is just me being funny ... but seriously !! I have loved every puzzle we have bought by Melissa & Doug ... except this one . Though I can understand the thought of making it so colorful being attractive to children , it is eye straining to look at as an adult , let alone a toddler.After you take the letters out it is just a large mass of colors and animal pictures and extremely difficult to see the holes the letters go back into ... they kind of just blend in with the mumbled mess of colors and pictures . My son -LRB- 28 months old -RRB- just kind of looked at it and then got up and walked away after trying to fit a couple pieces in spots they did n't fit . And he LOVES these puzzles but it was clear he was as confused as I was trying to look at it.I ended up taking all the pieces out , painting the board all black except for the slots the letters fit into and voila ! He loves it ! Good puzzle concept ... bad graphic decision !
 My 21 month old son loves this puzzle . It is one of his favorite toys . We bought it for him when he was about 18 months because I had noticed that he quickly learned his shapes from another Melissa and Doug puzzle we bought him . I figured I might as well encourage his learning and get him an alphabet puzzle . I really wanted to buy the wooden alphabet puzzle from Land of Nod but it was 39 bucks so I went with this cheaper version . Now I am regretting that . The wood is not really wood , it is made of cheap particle pieces of wood and a few of the letters have broken in half . After 3 or so months of use and three of the letters breaking I am assuming that more will do the same . My son does use this puzzle a lot and carries the pieces around with him so it might be ok if he used it less . The pros are that he does love the puzzle and has learned all of his alphabet but I would overall not reccomend this product since it is falling apart . Love Melissa and Doug products , not too fond of this puzzle 's quality .
 This is a cheap version of an american classic . Kind of sad , really . Lead paint ? Pressure-treated plywood laced with chemicals ? Ugh ...
 The puzzle is only to be used with parental monitoring as children put things in their mouth and this has paint or covering that can come off in child 's mouth . Not for 2 to 3 y.o which is the age this toy is best used for .
 I bought this puzzle for my son when he was 1.5 yo and he learned his alphabet with it by the age of 2 . It was great fun and he loved carrying letters around . Obviously , most of them got lost after traveling with him to the park and daycare . The puzzle was of great quality , durable , with bright colors - no complaints . So , now that I have a daughter , I decided to buy her the same exact puzzle and was very surprised to receive something different . Unlike the old puzzle , each letter has been painted only on the front . The edges of the letters are unpainted and very rough and the back of the letters are unpainted , though not so rough . I do n't think it could give my daughter a splinter , but it just is n't so pleasant for the little fingers to touch , let alone putting it in her mouth -LRB- just unavoidable -RRB- . I wonder if I just received a defective one . The problem is - I already opened it and sending it back would be a hassle .
 Forming the main armored spearhead in lower point games and backing up Land Raiders in larger point games , Predators are quite a versatile unit to have in a space marine armory . Particularly in the new codex , the overall cost for certain load outs has been made cheaper so it 's a lot easier to shoehorn one of these tanks in for very little points.As for the kit , it 's based on the ubiquitous Rhino chassis . So if you 've built and assembled one of those , then this one should be very familiar . Unfortunately the familiarity ends there once you get past the assembly of the `` Rhino '' part of the kit , as this is quite possibly the most difficult tank to reliably build of the entire Space Marine Armory , even including the Land Raiders.The reasoning for this has to do with the Sponsoon and Turret assemblies for the tank . The connector rods and joints for the guns to the mounts are very , VERY flimsy and are prone to snapping apart during transportation . If you do n't end up magnetizing them , make sure to handle them very delicately.Same applies for the main gun as well . The Turret and Gun stick out a fair amount , so unless you mod the turret itself in a way to make it remain attached to the tank chassis , it 's going to flop around and fall off frequently.Overall a very nice looking kit , but a few points have to be docked for how fiddly all the extra bits are . The tank is definitely prone to breakage a fair amount , so extra care must be taken when handling and transporting it , otherwise you 'll be visiting the glue bottle quite frequently for repairs.Ultimately I can only recommend this kit if you take the time to magnetize the Sponsoon and Turret Assemblies , trust me you 'll save yourself a lot of headaches if you go this route .
 My son was very excited to get this game . The instructions were not clear but it is easily figured out . The problem is the instructions state that the game resets each time the pirate is pushed down . This does not happen . It is easy to figure out which slot will release the pirate . This game will not prove to be a challenge as most kids listed under the recommended age will be able to remember which slot makes the pirate pop . However , the swords are sturdy and the game is cute . Just need the product to work as intended .
 Got this for my 6 yr old son last Christmas . The toy had good reviews and I thought it might be fun . While the concept was great , once you find out which slot triggers the head to pop up , it is no longer any fun . Adults will find it after 1 or 2 games which is ok , but my son figured it out the first day he played with it . Needless to say , the toy made its way to the donation pile of our local Salavation Army withing a few weeks after Christmas !!
 This game is funny and my 4 year old likes to work on sticking the colored swords in . The laughs and jumps when the pirate pops up . But unless you cleverly turn the barrel , the same two slots make the pirate jump every time . The first few times we played it , it changed slots , but after about 5 times , its the same old slot that triggers the pop . But just a quick turn on the barrel , and they never know the difference . Not worth the money though , if you ask me .
 Bought it for my 3 year old . He knows his colors and how to take turns so no educational value beyond that . Boring , not much fun at all . Lots of small parts -LRB- swords -RRB- to find around the house ...
 The pirate pop up was sent to me damaged . I have used this game previoulsy in our clinic but this one wo n't work .
 Game is a really great IDEA , but so POORLY made . You have to hold the pirate down to push the swords in . Kids ca n't just stick a sword in , it will tip right off the base . My son does like to play this , it 's just a pain to play . Not a favourite . I would NOT buy this again .
 It only took my bright barely 7-year-old two times of playing this game until she and her sister figured out exactly which hole makes the pirate `` pop '' . Since that hole corresponds with a particular spot on the sticker on the barrel , it took all the fun out of the game . She dubbed it `` lame '' . The recommended age is 4-7 but I would say that it would be better for 5 and under as it is pretty easy to figure this game out .
 I bought this for my 31/2 year old son for Christmas . There is a huge problem ... inserting the sword in the same space pops the pirate each time . I have already returned one of the games to the store and the second one does the same thing .
 We got this as a gift for Christmas for our 3 and 5 yr old boys . The game is exciting and fun but after playing it 3-4 times we all figured out which slot pops the pirate . The box says that there is a mechanism that randomly select the slot out of all the slots which will probably make it fun but it is useless when everyone knows the answer . Returned for a replacement but the same exact deal with the new one that came which is a sign that this product is not made well from the get go . Stay away from this product .
 I 've used this game at work with preschoolers , and they love it . So I bough one for my son . He opened it last night , and it was already broken this morning . This company does n't have any U.S. offices , so I could n't even complain to anyone about the poor quality . Am now trying to exchange it via the seller , but we 're very disappointed .
 I read all the reviews , which were really quite polarized , and decided to give it a shot . Now I 'm weighing in on the side of those who found that the product does not work . The first four or five times we played , the pirate popped up repeatedly and it was quite fun . But then , it just stopped popping up , except with one slot . So , you put sword after sword after sword and nothing happens . It 's incredibly boring , both for myself and for my three year old . The product is really cheaply made and definitely not worth the $ 10 plus $ 5 s/h that I paid for it . We decorated the barrel with some ocean stickers we had lying around and counted the different colored swords for a while and then just threw it all in the trash . I strongly do not recommend this game .
 I recently purchased this toy for my grandson 's birthday . I read the many reviews about it first and it sounded like fun . We were unable to get the pirate to lock into position in the barrel . Therefore , the game was/is useless . He was so disappointed . I wo n't be purchasing anymore games online . I 'll stick to buying them in stores where they are much more easily exchanged .
 Not thrilled by this game . I was hoping that it would be more challenging than it is , and it is pretty cheaply made .
 It 's been a couple years since we owned this toy but I thought it was worth mentioning what I know about it . When we had this toy we had two boys 5 and 4 . They loved to play the game and used it quite a bit for a couple months . But after awhile they figured out which spot would make the pirate jump up and then it lost all use . So depending on how observant your kids are you might have limited play time . I do kinda wish I still had it because now I have a new set of little ones that would enjoy it ... but I would n't buy it again .
 Pirate does not pop up unless swords are put in exactly . With younger children this is a definate deterant of fun . The pop up pirate does not sit appropriately in barrel leading one to beleive it 's not in there properly . Also the pop up pirate should have been made of soft plastic like toddler blocks as getting hit with a hard piece of plastic is n't fun . Cute ideal bad design .
 It did not work with my little one , he prefers to play with something different.I think that it has so many little swords to put in that it takes a while to see the pirate pop ...
 We just received this as a gift , and fresh out of the box , it was broken . The pirate part is loose , so it does n't sink down into the barrel enough to let it pop out , like it 's supposed to . I tried pushing hard , twisting it , but nothing worked . Based on the other reviews , it does n't seem like it would have been that fun even if it had worked . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 I bought the toy myself , and it did n't work . So , I bought another one , and IT did n't work .
 This toy stinks i bought one , and it did n't even work.I tried listening right by the door.Well you see I was trying to see if it was worth the money.So I told my mom and dad to whisper something.IT DID NOT WORK !
 It does n't work . I could n't hear anything but fuzz .
 The CD 's for these systems only contain 4 songs each . In order to compile any kind of library of songs , you have to buy many CD 's , which are not cheap . And switching from song to song takes awhile . It is like a DVD player , in that it takes awhile for the system to recognize the CD.A much better alternative is the Leadsinger Karaoke microphone . It is a self contained microphone that comes with 300 songs . And , you can buy extra chips that have around 1000 songs each .
 I have this doll at home , it is great to have the Hair got messy so I turned it into A ponytail oh can you hear me ? Belle is a great doll ! Note
 She 's not meant to go in the tub and will fill up w / water . The only way to get the water out is to pull off a leg and empty the doll that way . Extremely hard to get back on ! Also her hair is not meant to be combed even though they include a comb w / this toy . It 's made of something that is n't combable .
 I got this for my son after the flying saucer from the original set -LRB- that he got just a few months prior -RRB- would n't work anymore . It had tiny cracks in it so we figured maybe that was the problem . I even got the battery eliminator -LRB- plug to have the set run on electricity rather than batteries -RRB- so we would know it was n't because the batteries were too weak . He was very excited to get the new set , only to find out that it , too , would n't work . The flying saucer would spin very fast , but would not lift off no matter what we tried . We finally tried tipping it to the side , and if it was tipped almost perpendicular to the table , it would fly off , but immediately cracked when it landed . He was in tears , and I was furious . What a piece of junk ! If it is too flimsy to withstand falling after flying , then what is the point ? And it would n't fly on its own which seems ridiculous , especially considering the fact that I had spent a good bit of extra money to buy their battery eliminator.I would not recommend this toy to anyone , especially not for kids under 12 or 13 !
 I purchased this for my 4 year old son who has made basic circuits on the Snap Circuits Jr. . The helicopter disk on the Snap Circuits Jr set had been well used by my older son , so all I really needed was the replacement . What was in this package was a flimsy disk that did n't even fit on the motor . It was a disappointment since the Snap Circuits Jr kid was so durable and well made . I was expecting the same quality but this Snap Circuits Flying Saucer was obviously made in a different factory with different quality control standards .
 i got this fo christmas and i was soooooooooo happybut it is a big pain . the dolar holder sucks . it counts your money wrong and when you take money out it still says the same amout as beforedont buy it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1
 This toy is n't as great as i thought I thought it would be good for putting money in as a `` SAFE '' but it fell off my dresser and broke about a week later . My recemdation is not to buy it.Regards , Joe
 When you tip the safe upside down the coines fall out of it and get mixed up to gether and ive had this toy for about 1 year and my safe forgot how to subtract .
 The ATM/Safe Bank is a pretty cool toy,in-fact it 's probaly the best thing I ever bought ! -LRB- nice colors too ! -RRB- Although I gave it only 2 stars for fun , I gave it 4 stars for educational.A kid needs to know about more of this kind of stuff.I know alot of kids in my age group that do n't even know what withdrawals and account ballance means !!! I know this stuff because of comman sense and plus my mom is a teller.One reason I need this is because it keeps track of your money , and trust me thats a real good reason for me ! I think other kids would like it because I know kids like places where the can keep there stuff safe .
 This is a great idea ! Too bad this item does n't work the way it is supposed to . If you put more than 2 bills in , it 'll jam . It 's not accurate in counting money when you deposit , and it does n't deduct when you withdraw . This is the second Room Gear item that we purchased and both will be returned .
 it worked perfectly at first , i really liked itit started to not work as well , and whenever i deposit or withdraw money , it ignores it and still says it has $ 80 when it only has $ 20
 I would have rated this toy a 0 , but the system would n't let me . It is very hard to keep track of the money you have in the ATM . Kids have to enter the exact amount they put in or take out , it does n't do it for them . I bought one for each of my boys . One of them stopped working after less than a week and neither of them will let you subtract if you have the wrong total entered . This was a very bad investment and I will be taking them back to the store today .
 Though it may sound weird , I own this `` toy '' . I was looking for something to store money in at Toys-R-Us . This just popped out.It is horrible ! If you pull hard enough , you can open the bottom drawer no problem even when the unit is turned off.The ATM cards are very breakable and easy to lose.Right after I opened the package , the coin-sorter started to malfunction . It puts dimes in nickels , pennys in quarters , and such.If you ask the machine to give you a lot of change , it will all pour out the little side door . Mine even fell of once.It counts the money wrong . If you put in alot of coins , it is determined to say you have less than you do.This thing is not a good ATM . I 'd rather open a bank account and send my money there.Last Word : Children may love it , but teens do n't .
 i got this bank for my 13th birthday last year and it worked fine for about 5 or 6 months but then it started counting the money wronge and when i withdrew money it wouldnt take it out of my acount ... example : if i had $ 20 n there and i took $ 5 out it would still say that i had $ 20 in there instead of $ 5 . not only the money thing but it started letting anyone in without a password ... like when u put the card in it wouldnt ask you for a password it would just take u to my account ballence ... overall i think that this bank doesnt work very well and shouldnt be bought . hope this helpsAMANDA
 Save your money on this one . Our first one broke , we got a replacement from the manufacturer , and the second one quit working after a while , too . This is not a very well constructed toy , and I do n't think the kids using it were very hard on it .
 I loved this toy at the toy store but then we came home and tried to get it working and we hated it . Do n't get me wrong the IDEA of the toy is great . But the company that makes this toy should worry less about the money and getting it out on the market faster . In the long run , they 'll just loose money . If I could change this toy I would make sure the coin and money withdrawn and DESPOISTS work . Instead of a card maybe their should be a combanation like for other safes . When I came online to check out the reviews I reliezed I was n't the ONLY one wit this problem !!
 This bank was quite a disappointment . The card is very difficult to insert and has to be held down or else the bank shuts itself off . In general it is poorly designed and cheaply constructed .
 I purchased this toy for my 12-year-old daughter . It 's a great idea , but they need to go back to the drawing board and get the bugs out . The total deposit never added up correctly , and when we tried to deduct money , -LRB- it 's supposed to be able to automatically deduct coins -RRB- , that did n't work properly either . Needless to say , it was a huge disappointment , and that 's not mentioning the problems we had trying to get it to go on in the first place . If you 're having trouble with that , push the `` ATM '' card down with great force until you feel like you are going to break the card or internal workings and then it will start with no problem :--LRB- We were NOT happy with this toy .
 I bought this for my son for his birthday because he needed a bank for his money . It did n't keep accurate count of his money right from the start . We followed the directions to reset the machine , but it would NEVER register the deposits or withdrawals accurately . We were very disappointed and are in the process of returning it . It is a great idea for an advanced sort of piggy bank , but they really need to work out the kinks !
 I loved this toy at the toy store but then we came home and tried to get it working and we hated it . Do n't get me wrong the IDEA of the toy is great . But the company that makes this toy should worry less about the money and getting it out on the market faster . In the long run , they 'll just loose money . If I could change this toy I would make sure the coin and money withdrawn and DESPOISTS work . Instead of a card maybe their should be a combanation like for other safes . When I came online to check out the reviews I reliezed I was n't the ONLY one wit this problem !!
 Waste of time and money . I will be shipping back two that I bought for Christmas . It had money calculated from the beginning on both machiones that could not be zero 'd out . No matter what the kids entered on the keypad , it would come up with the an incorrect total . Not enough coin space to do a whole lot of good .
 The only reason I rate the `` fun '' so high is that my kids seem to enjoy TRYING to play with it , despite the fact that it does n't work correctly . I think they just enjoy the beeping the buttons make . We 've been using it for 24 HOURS , and the following things have gone wrong :1 . The machine only recognizes its ATM card about 60 % of the time .2 . The enter button does n't always work , forcing us to take the card back out and start over .3 . The withdrawal function works , but the machine will not actually subtract the amount from its calculated total .4 . If our bills are not perfectly crisp and new , and there are already a few bills in the machine , they will crumple up as they come through the bill feeder , making the machine think it 's full so it refuses to accept more bills .5 . After feeding bills in , and entering the deposit amount , it will sometimes ask us to enter the deposit amount AGAIN . If we do n't enter $ 0.00 , it will miscount our money .6 . The coin sorter frequently counted any coin as a penny , and I put that in the past tense because ... 7 . The coin sorter became jammed , and now we can not feed any coins into it . There is no way to un-jam the coin sorter without disassembling the entire machine .8 . The process to reset the counter to zero -LRB- as printed in the directions -RRB- is overly burdensome
 Would love to rate this product better , but to this day we still can not get the thing to total correctly , wether depositing or withdrawing . New batteries several times , so that can not be the problem . We have gone through customer support -LRB- roomgear.com -RRB- and yet can not get it to work properly .
 Just tried this for the first time with my daughter and we have now had to take the batteries out for the third time to `` reset '' it . We put in a bill and it says to enter the amount . We then put in a second bill and when you go to enter the amount , it does nothing and then the voice just becomes static . This is a great idea , but I am having no faith that I will ever get this product to work as it is supposed to work .
 Brand new out of the box , the calculator makes subtraction errors -LRB- amazing in the 21st century ! -RRB- . Coins got jammed within 5 minutes in the sorter . The money holder does n't lock properly . Its educational value might be how a great concept can be totally ruined in manufacturing .
 The atm bank worked great for about a month . Then the total got stuck and we tried all of methods to reset from the directions . then the bill slider quit working . I even emailed the company to see what could be done . Unfornately I still have a brand new , non-working atm .
 Very disappointing . The card was really hard to use , not to mention that it did not keep accurate record of the money deposited . Take a few minutes and drive your kid to the bank with the money you will save from buying this !
 My son turned this toy upside down once , and it never worked again .
 We were very excited to try this bank . We bought two , one for each child . Unfortunatly neither worked . One did not accept the bills , the other did not accept coins . We returned them both , but will give them a try again if we see them available -LRB- They seem to be sold out everywhere . -RRB- .
 This toy is a great idea . But it does n't work good . It have been broken in first few minutes kids started to play with it . The card is not easy to insert . Very unreliable !
 Very poor display , really hard to read . Bought as a gift , recipient could n't use it because of the lousy display.It 's not much more than a marketing scam ; a virtually unusable product so get money for , which technically does the job as claimed -LRB- so it 's not an outright fraud -RRB- but in essence it 's useless Chinese trash - as most of the Chinese products have become -LRB- in case you have n't noticed -RRB- .
 I asked my sister to get this for my daughter 's birthday . In hindsight , I think there were better tents for the money . It 's not made to be outside at all , and I 'm not talking about camping over night ; it does not play outside well . It tips over real easy . Also , when I folded it up for storage , it really warped the frame . It 's taken forever to straighten it out.I think a more squared tent would be a better buy . Keep looking .
 This was very easy to put together unlike some of the PlayHut 's tents but it is extremely flimsy , there is no bottom piece that you can weigh down with a playmat , so sometimes my daughter moves the entire tent or knocks it down . I do n't recommend this particular tent . There are other Dora tents that are much much better .
 I bought this for my child 's outdoor birthday party . It is unstable . It falls over when kids play inside . It is too hot , air does not circulate inside . The three short horizontal poles which you insert to give it structure warped when it was outside in the garden . It 's hot here but no excuse for such poor quality . I am plannng to give it away . Maybe someone can find a use for it .
 This is a really cute little tent , however , it is the hottest thing . I thought there would be a hole in the top or something , but there is n't . Yes , the door rolls up , but how many kids are going to want the door open ? It 's dark and seriously hard to breath in after a few minutes . I 've been in there w/her and have had to leave after only about a minute . Yes , it 's cool that it folds up , but so what , lots of them do now . I would never , ever let her `` camp out '' for an extended period of time out of fear she would pass out . I 'm thinking about putting some grommets -LRB- sp ? -RRB- in the top just to get some air in it . She loves it , but does n't play for long because she get so dang hot . Be aware there is NO AIR HOLES when/if you buy this .
 Quick and easy to set up sure . . Falls down every 2 seconds or every time child climbs inside All together a total piece of garbage and a definite waste of money
 Very cute design but is very flimsy . It barely stays up . It 's made of cheap felt like material and Getting it folded up is a complete hassle . I wouldnt bother with this product , I would spend the money and purchase something thats better .
 My daughter received this from a friend for her 2nd birthday , and took to it immediately . She adores having a `` house '' to go into , and spends a lot of time running in and out.It does not stay up on its own , though , so I spend a lot of time responding to `` Uh oh , Mama , House fell over ! '' I thought for sure we must be missing a part or something , in order for it to be SO unstable , but it 's pretty clear from the responses here that that 's not the case . You barely need to tap it , and it falls over . If there were a way to anchor the tips on the feet , it would be better.It 's not the most sturdily-constructed toy , but I would n't expect it to be , for the price . I expect when this goes , we 'll buy a kid 's tent instead .
 I was disappointed in this tent . It does n't stay up very well and is impossible to collapse for clean up . My 2 year daughter loves Dora but did n't last in this tent more than a day or two . The Diego car tent is way better .
 This toy is very cute , but very cheaply made . My daughter recieved this as a x-mas present and within 20 minutes it was broken ! -LRB- And she does not play very rough -RRB- . Although she loves dora this toy will go back , not worth the money !
 My 2 year old got this Dora tent for Christmas last year . I hide it on her all the time . She only plays with it for a few minutes unless she takes it out to sleep in . My daughter is only in the 50th percentile for weight and height and therefore is the average height for a 2 year old but when she wants to sleep in it , inevitably either her head or her feet stick out because the tent is too small or she ends up sleeping in an uncomfortable ball . I hate that there is no bottom but that is also the only way that air is let in unless you leave the door open which to her defeats the purpose altogether . She is very excited everytime she sees it but she quickly becomes frustrated with it falling down and not staying in one place .
 My 18 month old daughter loves Dora and was so excited when we brought home this new tent . I had to take it back ! Not at all durable . Fliped over as soon as she entered the tent . It does not stand on its own . It 's a hazard ! ...
 I would not recommend this toy to anybody . My daughter loves Dora so that 's why I got it for her but it 's not very durable at all . The least little pressure on the bottom edges and it just bends in that direction . She 's had it for a couple weeks now and it wo n't even stand up by itself anymore . It is not worth the money .
 My daughter got this tent for her 4th birthday . I thought that she and her 2 year old brother would be able to play in it together ... not quite ! They did n't even fit in it together . One kid could barely fit into it . And the worst part is that it ripped the day after her party . The rip was not due to the kids being rough in it at all . It is just a very poorly made tent . Luckly the store let us return it and we got a much more sturdy tent in its place .
 This product is more useful to a higher level age group . Teaching 1st grade I was hoping for more template posters .
 I bought this for my daughter . She loves to play with it . But we were disappointed by a couple of things . As we started to brush their hair - wads of hair came out . It tangles easily and is hard to manage but she still enjoys it . Also her other disappointment was the hair color . Although it comes in more than one color , you ca n't tell the difference between them in the hair . Really , it barely even shimmers .
 These styling heads are such a waste of money . I bought this for my two girls for Christmas . They 've only played with these once so far and have not asked for them again . I 'm 40 years old and used to have one of these Barbie heads when I was a young girl . They have not improved them at all in the last 30 years . The hair came tangled out of the box and when I brushed the hair , it fell out everywhere . SAVE YOUR MONEY - NOT WORTH THE $ 45 THAT I PAID .
 This is one of the worst toys I have ever purchased . There is absolutely NO way to brush or comb the hair -- it is too tangled and untangling it only causes it to fall out . In addition , both heads are attached to the box with a plastic ` tag holder ' that comes out of each head -- it is absolutely impossible to remove this holder and there is no choice but to cut it , leaving a sharp end which could easily hurt a child . What a giant rip-off .
 I ca n't believe this thing has such high reviews ... . because of that , I added it to my wishlist for Christmas for my 2 girls , thinking it was perfect with the 2 styling heads . I just saw the review that it does not have makeup , which was a major disappointment as well ... Other than that , after you have added the gel and styled it , you are finished . The hair is tangled and the gel is a mess . It is very expensive for such a small amount of fun -LRB- if any -RRB- . I ca n't believe it has such high reviews .
 I bought it for my kids because they love dora ... unfortunatly the structure was very badly designed ... first it could n't stand on its own once the kids got inside it collapsed on them and its fabric is very static , it gave them electric shocks ... in total it was a very bad toy .
 It does n't stay anywhere near as taut , straight and firm as the picture appears . Merely brushing up against the side starts it collapsing in on itself , requiring parent 's help to straighten it all out again . There are no `` loops '' under the roof as the assembly instructions direct you to for the stabilizer tube -LRB- which does n't stabilize -RRB- . The `` loops '' are actually a narrow tube sewed in the TOP of the roof . Folding is nearly impossible . Do an internet search for `` toy enthusiast '' from Jacksonville , FL for truly easy folding that playhut does n't come anywhere near to . This toy was a gift , if I had purchased it myself , I 'd return it . I understand other -LRB- older -RRB- Playhut items are good quality . This one is n't .
 My husband and I purchased this tent for our 3 year old for Christmas . She loves Dora and Boots and wanted a tent and sleeping bag just like her big brother . This seemed perfect . Just like the others mentioned , it did fall while she was playing in it but she learned quickly how to fix it and set it back up . She would play in it for hours if we let her -LRB- that is the reson for the 3 stars for fun -RRB- Long story short , the first night that she slepted in it , it colapsed on her while she was sleeping . Her head and face were completly covered . The sleeping bag , we kept . The tent on the other hand , well our daughter 's story goes ... `` Dora and Boots needed it for all of their adventures so mommy and daddy did mail it to her . But , my brother does let me sleep in his tent '' -LRB- word for word -RRB- My advice let the kids camp out under your dining room table with a Dora sheet over them . Sure bring the Dora sleeping bag along too , but leave that death trap of a tent alone !
 This tent I spent I do n't have any clue how long trying to put it together and never did get it together correctly or did I ? I put it through the top of the tent loops as instructed and then the tent proceeded to fall right on top of me ... I can not believe I wasted money on this . . The only difference was ours was the care bears tent which both girls were dying to play with . . Mine is being returned for something else tomorrow ... Not to count this tent will not fold up ... Save your money ... Assembling a play kitchen is easier than something like this ... Terrible instructions and has way too many openings to put tubes ... PIECE OF JUNK IS WHAT THIS IS ... Cute but I am not wasting anymore time or aggravation on this item ... It will be returned ...
 Flimsy and cheap - do n't waste your money . Does n't stand on it 's own . My toddler keeps knocking it over and gets frustrated with it . Plus no air flows through and it gets VERY HOT inside . Spend a few extra bucks and get something with mesh and a floor so it is a little more stable .
 I bought two of these , one Dora and one Disney . They just wo n't stand up . And the instructions are awful . A big waste of both time and money ! I kept the flimsy sleeping bags and tossed the rest out . Very disappointed .
 It only took me one day to figure out this tent would be more work then fun . It never stood on it 's own and the whole 5 in 1 thing is really pushing it !! I returned it the very next day and my three year old was sad but I am now searching for a replacement .
 In the poorly designed `` tent mode '' it is very flimsy . Within a week the support pole had pushed holes through the fabric making it even more tricky to assemble . About the only thing worthwile is the sleeping bag .
 Baby Annabell is very difficult to function for my 4 year old daughter -LRB- package says 3 + -RRB- and even I had a hard time figuring out the functions . The arms are flimsy and the body is hard . This is not a cuddly , educational doll at all . I would highly recommend Little Mommy as she is very educational and easy to function . For half the price you can get Little Mommy and you will have the value for your money .
 When she sucks her bottle , and bicky it makes a lot of noise . You also ca n't get her to be quiet with out shuting her off . Her body is oddly shaped . And shr is n't very cute with out her hat on.I bought her for myself , being the doll lover I am . I just found her wierd , I 'm getting my moeny back and buying one of the baby Chou Chou 's . She 's just very annoying !
 this doll is too much money . I grew bored of it very quickly .
 i got this doll for christmas and loved the way it looked and sounded like a real doll.the only problem is it dosent educate at all!i seen the dolls you get in 8th grade and thought it would be the same but its nothin like it all it does is make noises and move.i gave it good durability because my dog loves to try and eat it !
 I was getting the doll for one of my nieces but then I saw this recall warning I was concern , so be very careful . I did n't get because she has a young brother and my son that is only two and is always around her.Baby Annabell ; Baby Anabell Care Set with Sheep Pacifier , RattleCategory
 Its my Birthday in 5 more days , I know that my family members will give me money and im planning to buy baby annabell.Im going to turn 12 i know im kinda of old for baby dolls but hey there fun.I bought a rock a bye chou chou and i love it but i want another baby so i want annabell.It has mouth movement which i think is AWESOME.I read all 100 + reviews some i was touched and some well ... not touched.There was one review where there was a 12 year old girl who was going to recieve this doll she made everything for her babyAnd she loved the baby when it came.Im pretty positive i will buy annabell if so i will write a review after my purchase
 For the first year hoop was excellent . After year one though product went down hill . started to rust horribly . rim started leaning and left a stain on the concrete . If you plan to only use it for a year I would get it anything over a year I would get another hoop .
 The overall construction of the item is good upon first impressions . I have had the BAsketball set for a few years now and it is garaged when not in use in the Winter . The metal pole and actual steel basketball hoop are rusting horribly . You have to be careful for staining on pool deck because of the large abmounts of dripping rust . The powdercoating finish not a lifetime poroduct . This is occuring in a regular pool and not caused by a salt based pool.I would not purchase this product again for the money and would look for something else .
 this is a very nice product , instructions to put together get a little confusing b/c they make it sound like there is 3 tubes , but there is only 2 ... it will take 2 people to put together , very nice product , metal hoop , big backboard , though the backboard is a little dead b/c not alot of support behind it , but overall a very nice product , now the test will be how it stands up to the florida sun and a salt system pool , i bought it b/c it says 5 year warrantee on everything , so as soon as it all starts rusting in 3 years i will send all those parts back ... time will tell , but right now this is a much better product then anything that doesnt come w/a true sized metal rimthis is a f/up ... well the hardware is already starting to rust , guess i need to go buy galvanized hardware ... about 2 yrs old now , all metal parts are totally rusted and falling apart and into my pool ... called the company and they are sending me all new metal parts , at least that is what i was told ... though they said rust was not covered under the warrantee so that is nice of them , but for $ 150 this thing should last longer than two years , the goal at my driveway has been there 10 years and i spent less money on it ...
 Ok , so if you were thinking that the price was pretty low for 5 8-sided dice , well , you 're right . You get what you pay for.If you look at these `` dice '' closely , you will find that they are not consistent . The sides differ in size , some have sharper edges , some are very rounded . Even the faces on some of the dice are so rounded they do n't sit flat . In other words , these are clearly not `` fair '' dice . Actually , they look like someone hand-ground the dice , starting with a big hunk of plastic.So , for a conversation piece , they are fine , and at least you 're not out much $ $ $ . On the other hand , it would be so easy to use machine ground precision 8-sided dice , and maybe charge you $ 1.00 more for the set , I do n't see why they do n't . Do n't be surprised when these arrive ...
 Contrary to another review of this kit , this is NOT a rework of the old Aurora `` Prehistoric Scenes '' Flying Reptile kit . That mold is owned by Revell/Monogram . This kit was a completely new model developed by Polar Lights . They used the Aurora logo on it because , at the time , they had rights to the Aurora logo & were putting it on reissues & new models that were never originally produced by Aurora . That created a bit of confusion , as you can see.As far as the quality of the kit goes ... it 's a decent enough kit for kids to work with , but is not an accurate rendition of a Pteranodon .
 I purchased 2 of these for my grandsons for Easter . They are both 2 yrs old . The chainsaw is okay but not as realistic as others I have seen for less money . The gloves are falling apart already , after 2 days . They wont last very long at all . I would not purchase this again and would be leary of the other Bosch toys .
 We bought this gift for our Grandson 's Christmas present . Two men struggled to get this assembled because one of the post was not manufactured properly and it would not slide into the other part . They had to use a sledge hammer to get it to fit ! Very disappointing . We would have returned it or called the manufacturer except it was Christmas eve .
 Do not purchase this product , unless you are a masochist and would like to waste an entire afternoon in frustration ! Instructions are not clear and parts are not labeled as to front-back or top-bottom . I 've had to undo several steps because of this . The worst parts were
 we filled base with water , base was leaking . one of the the parts behind the board was not aligned properly so we had to use a drill to make a new hole resulting in illfit . called lifetime customer service to send new base , they said they need pictures of the base leaking to prove it . then another associate said she did not need pictures and will send new base but never sent it . very poor customer service by lifetime .
 False advertising !! You do not get the hutch or file cabinet like they make you believe !! Only the desk , which is very cheap and unstable!Don ' t make the same mistake I made , save your money and buy elsewhere!BUYER BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 the product info suggests you get the desk , hutch and pedestal even showing a picture of them all . When the desk showed up without the hutch and pedestal , the rep from Homevisions blamed Amazon for the misrepresented product description and confusion . I ended up taking apart the desk and it was n't until almost a month later that it was picked up . This company was terrible to deal with and the desk was n't worth the price . Stay Away !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My 2 year old has managed to break quite a few by twisting all the way out then breaking crayon . Once crayon is broken you ca n't fix . : -LRB-
 the twistable crayons are a nice idea . Bought them for my daughter , 28 months old . They break easily when they roll off the table They should have a stop molded into them to prevent them from rolling . Large pieces will come out of the plastic tube and can not be put back . so you must twist out more crayon . So they did not solve the problem of crayons breaking . I now realize they do not really make the claim that the crayons will not break .
 I would never buy these again or recommend them because if you drop them -LRB- or they roll off the table -RRB- on wood or tile floors , they break . Then , you have to twist until the rest of the crayon that is still attached comes out . What a waste ! The piece that falls out of the plastic tube is too thin to use alone . Waste of plastic , too . I guess I only recommend them to people who have carpeted floors or some way of defying gravity while using these crayons .
 I was hoping these would help with my boys always breaking crayons , but these just break in a different way . Save your money and buy just regular crayons . Cheap plastic .
 This doll is soooo ugly . Get a barbie my scene doll instead Leweez10 .
 I purchased a `` Johnny Reb '' cap gun to use as a prop for a short Civil War film I 'm making with my kids . As a prop for kids it 's perfect , but as a cap gun not so much . The patina is attractive and the CSA holster will serve quite well . But the mechanism is junk . There 's no way to eject the ring of caps , so you 'll need to pry them out with a pointy thing . As others point out , the cylinder is removable -LRB- historically accurate , sorta , but not great for a toy -RRB- . The indexing mechanism is iffy , so the hammer may or may not hit a cap from shot to shot . And it 's not loud at all -- it just kinda pops half-heartedly . There 's some kind of plastic thing at the front end of the cylinder that keeps the noise and smoke from coming out . I tried prying it out but just ended up shoving it toward the back of the cylinder.On the plus side , the trigger/hammer mechanism feels solid and reliable . It 's double-action only -LRB- pull the trigger until it fires ; you ca n't cock the hammer and then fire -RRB- so it has less failure points . Unless your kids are like mine they 'll never know the difference .
 This game consists of a deck of cards with pictures of animals and nothing else . The $ 7.00 + shipping was clearly and waste of money . Pictionary Jr. is a much better choice and the whole family can enjoy and have a great time !
 What I really wanted were balls that would replace old table tennis balls . Apparently Nerf no longer makes either the table tennis or the balls . My mistake .
 These are not your Grandma 's Nerf Balls . They 're hard little babies who ca n't be thrown around without breaking something.In the early nineties , I had plantar fasciitis which I treated with Nerf Balls in the heels of my tennis shoes . These are not they .
 My son received this globe for Christmas last year . He was 5 . He absolutely loved it . It arrived already out of date -LRB- I expected that Obama would n't be up to date , but a few other world leaders were also out of date -RRB- , but I did n't hold that against the company , figuring that I would be able to download the newest information . I was a little annoyed , however , that the pen refused to recognize certain areas of the globe , which frustrated my son . He loved taking the quizzes , but the globe insisted that he did n't know where Spain or New York were located , no matter how hard we tried to maneuver the pen around those jurisdictions.After doing a little reading online , I discovered that people were having a really hard time with the downloads . I never got to find out for myself , though , because within about 3 months of using the globe , the pen mysteriously died . We changed the batteries - no success . I have since realized that this is a common problem . The globe is phenomenal in concept and engages the kids . I can only hope that Oregon Scientific cares enough about its customers and products to read these reviews and fix what ails them . They 've got a potential winner here , but the version we have is heavily flawed .
 Like the other reviews , my 6 year old loves this globe , but when I went to update with Oregon Scientific 's own software , it crashed . They offered to sell me a new version 3 pen for 15 % off the $ 60 price for the pen . Outrageous . Buyer beware
 I bought it for my grandson for Christmas , from Costco . It worked great at first . Then we tried to use the USB and CD for updating . After that it would not work at all . I was glad I got it at Costco , because they have a great , easy return policy . But we were SO disappointed in the globe . My grandkids loved it as long as it worked , but it absolutely should not be hooked up to a computer , because the computer program is poorly done and the globe will never work again . I 'll not buy anything by Oregon Scientific again .
 Be aware . This is a piece of junk . Like many costumers , I tried to update the globe via web and it CRASEHD . Now I am at home with a frustated 5 year old boy and a dumb globe that does not work . They should n't tell people that the globe can be updated .
 Do you yearn to return to 1980s technology ? Were you a big fan of the Windows Vista ? This is the globe for you . Designed with an interface reminiscent of the Tandy TS-80 computer , it gives today 's iPod generation a taste of what we once went through to get an answer before the Internet . It dishes out information any five-year-old could google , but only if you can touch the wand precisely in the right place for the right amount of time . It comes with a disk to update the outdated information loaded on the globe . Of course , the disk only works with Windows XP and Windows Vista -LRB- yes I am writing this in December 2011 -RRB- . One semi-entertaining feature . You can touch any country and get the music to the first line of the country 's national anthem.I 'd stick with a real globe and do the other stuff on the Internet ... unless you really want to teach your kids a lesson about the old days .
 We bought the delux version of the Smart Globe for my 7 year old son and it 's a wonderful educational toy . However , do not update the pen via the USB connection of your computer . In our case , the pen failed during the update process and is not operational any more . when I tried to return it to Costco for a replacement , I found out that Costco does not carry the Smart Globe any more !
 Like many reviews before me , we purchased this globe for our 7 year old from Costco . At first it was great , worked fine and was very entertaining and educational . We plugged it in using the ac/dc -LRB- with batteries still in the unit ... who would n't do that !? -RRB- and loaded the software and went to sync up the pen with our computer . CRASH ... the globe is now completely inoperable . Could be the ac/dc or the software , or both that caused it to fry . We purchase it at Costco and they do not carry it anymore . We emailed tech support at Oregon Scientific to no avail . DO not buy this junk . Now we have a VERY expensive plastic globe . NOT HAPPY !
 Purchased and returned . . -LRB- bought from Costco -RRB- . . this globe for my 10 year old son who is very interested in geography . When we unpackaged and tried it out everything worked great . After checking the manual and looking where to change the date/time we found that through the Internet the smart pen could be updated to the latest information . The updating process started well and then went terribly wrong . My first clue should have been , after plugging in the pen to the USB port , a message came up saying that there were problems with the drivers not all loading correctly . But being Christmas morning I merrily plodded onward . After downloading the software , the update process seemed to be working until , towards the end , an error message popped up and stopped the process . This download had deleted the flash memory on the pen or corrupted it , I 'm not sure exactly what , but either way it made the whole thing inoperable . I tried two separate operating systems , Vista and XP both claimed by the manual to work , and neither one would correct the problem . Checking the Internet yields some clues but not much help . Someone stated that they thought it was a firewall issue , after using two separate computers , I 'm not sure that this is the issue . Another stated that it was an issue with Dell , again using a Dell and an HP , I 'm not sure that this is correct . I 'm guessing something of an incompatible driver/software issue but either way it is a great idea spoiled by a firmware updating problem . With this glode being on the market for this long , I find it inconceivable that Oregon Scientific has not resolved this issue . It is a nice product with a great learning potential that was completely ruined by software updating bugs . Checking Oregon Scientific website yields no help at all -LRB- not sure there is much of a technical support line -RRB- . This is a product that I can not recommend . If you do have this be very very cautious about trying to update the smart pen or you will end up with just an expensive globe .
 My daughter is 10 months old and prefers every other stuffed toy we have -LRB- about 20 of them -RRB- to this puppy . I do n't know why it has such good reviews . Every part of the puppy is tied by a string to the body , so it 's very rigid . The attached blanket is a hazard to babies , as they can easily slip their heads between the puppy and the blanket .
 The item that I recieved was not a flat bed tow truck w/race car , It was a semi tractor trailer w / 1 ATV on it and there was a place for another but was missing . Not what I thought that I bought but with no image it 's his word against mine .
 I was drawn to these dominoes because of the fun retro candy images . What I did n't realize when I ordered them is that they are CARDBOARD dominoes . Very cute , but do n't hold up to repeated use by children .
 We thought Crumplezone was great until it broke just 20 minutes after opening the package . The guns would no longer lock in place in either mode . We returned it to the store but were afraid to get another of the same because of its poor durability .
 I am a mother of two children and currently the younger one -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- is interested in learning the alphabet and was introduced to this game . I would give 2 stars for this product because : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The material is sturdy and durable . The size is right for toddler 's hands . -LRB- 2 -RRB- At least my kid enjoys playing it by himself.My big concern is ... how come each letter card shows BOTH upper and lower cases ? Toddlers can not recognize two different letters at the same time . Think about learning a foreign language and you have to learn two different letters at the same time just like ` hiragana ' and ` katakana ' in Japanese . Even the smartest learner can not recognize each new letter at a glance and learn its system efficiently.Therefore my guess was that my kid would learn the alphabet inefficiently ... and indeed I learned he did not get it at all yet . I decided to take it out from our learning toy lists.Unfortunately it remained a big negative impression and skeptical feeling toward to the Eeboo product development team for this product . Did they hire a professional educator as an adviser for its specification ? How come they can address this is an educational product ? What theory is behind in this educational product putting together upper and lower cases in the same card ? If anyone knows , I would appreciate your feedback so that I should be able to use this product properly and do n't waste money . My thought is that this product will be more attractive if there are upper and lower cases for each set .
 this toy is the worst toy ever . i hate it . it is not fun and it is boring . i am 9 i thought this toy would be fun but it is not fun at all . i hate this toy . if u have boy do n't get this toy .
 I was reading the reviews for an item listed at $ 69.99 , and yet two of the reviews commented that this was a good board for `` under $ 30 '' and another for `` $ 20 '' . Are these reviews looking at the same product I am seeing ? It is very confusing to me ...
 The plastic pieces holding the toy together snapped after about 5 minutes ... the meter does n't work ... a real waste of money !
 cmon really what kind of power aley is it man first of all it broke right away second of all doesnt even work third i hate it so if i were you just go and buy knight calvary or someone who is good
 cmon really what kind of power aley is it man first of all it broke right away second of all doesnt even work third i hate it so if i were you just go and buy knight calvary or someone who is good
 The cards in the image are not the same as the cards that were delivered . The delivered cards are shaped like fish but are named all sorts of colors like `` cafe au lait '' and `` chartreuse '' and `` jade '' that are not appropriate for small children who want to call them brown and green . I am really annoyed because I already had one pack like this and had attempted to purchase a DIFFERENT set based on the image advertised .
 Our family loves all types of memory games , and this is the most attractive . The colorful stripes on the back are great , the pictures are good , the click of the squares on the tabletop are satisfying , and the fact that they are true squares means that they fit easily and perfectly into the box . My only negative comment is that there is no indication which country each child represents . The children who play this game are capable of learning country and costume together ... I think it is an obvious teaching opportunity . In fact , I would like to know this myself !
 Someone there is color blind as this is a PINK frog , not a red frog . My grandson would not even touch it as he has a little sister . Someone needs some art lessons on basic colors of RED , BLUE , and YELLOW . Hope they get sent back and these people have to eat these `` RED POISON DART FROGS '' !!
 We love the size of these little vehicles , but the star in the set , the crane , does n't work very well . It seems poorly designed in that the crane does n't reach down far enough to actually hook on to any other vehicles or anything at ground level . The pulley mechanism works , but does n't have a very long cable/string to move so it really does n't do much . This is a big source of ongoing frustration for my almost 3 year old.The other two vehicles in the set or fine , but he does n't play with them very much.I recommend the other Plan Toys construction set , with the very cool excavator , over this one . The excavator is worth more than the price of the entire set , in our opinion . You can skip this one . Or perhaps you can figure out how to modify the crane with a longer string ?
 My little boy loved these - until the bands -LRB- the treads -RRB- came off 1 week after he received them and then they were put into the general toy pile and not looked at again . The bands that go around the `` wheels '' fall off way too easily . We only use these indoors , yet lost one within days . They should come with a couple of replacement bands .
 Let me start off by stating that we love Plan Toys . Our children own several items from the company . With that said , I can not recommend this product.My son received it for his birthday . Within one hour of opening it , the bulldozer broke . Within two hours of playing with the remaining pieces , the crane broke.Perhaps we received a faulty model ? I am sending back for a refund .
 This seems like a fairly durable item , but as far as functionality goes ... not so good . Apparently the only car it fits perfectly in is a Honda Pilot -LRB- according to the person 's review -RRB- . We have tried it in several cars and there is no way a child in a car seat , or not in a car seat could effectively use this on their lap . It 's impossible to move the seat back far enough -LRB- that it 's attached to -RRB- to use it . Perhaps when he is out of the car seat and in a booster in might work -LRB- he 's 21/2 now -RRB- , but that will be a while . I guess we 'll hold onto it until then and try using rope or something as other posters suggested . It could really use a bit more tweaking to make it useable for a wide range of cars/SUV 's in my opinion . I ca n't say how well it will hold up however , since it 's unusable . He ca n't hold it in his lap-too awkward , plus the `` top '' needs to be attached to something to hold it open . Also ... a bit pricey for what you get . Luckily I got it on sale at xmas time for $ 16.50 or I 'd likely return it , but even at that price , it should still function as it 's described.As a side note
 I expected receive the product with little pencils and coloringNot to much , but whem I sowght I expected and it 's only the bagBeatiful bag ...
 As another poster mentioned I mistakenly did not realize that this product does not come with any of the pictured coloring items . $ 25.00 is far to expensive for what is basically a little case .
 It is much larger than I expected , which is n't bad but our car has very little leg room where my son sits in his Britax and I have a feeling that it is n't even going to fold all the way down without hitting him . I also thought that it was going to include all of the products on the photos , because nowhere did it say that it did -LRB- or did n't -RRB- include any items , but it did say that small parts are included , so it is not for children under 3 . So , I assumed it came with small products , but I was saddened that it did n't . I do n't see a lot of value in this product , but if it does n't fit in my back seat , I will probably end up returning it .
 I had high hopes for this , but it was empty ! The bag/table is mice and sturdy enough , but I would have given it a 4 if it came stocked with all the cool stuff shown in the picture .
 Though my granddaughter loved it for her dolls , I thought it was too small and cheaply made for what I paid .
 We love Corolle 's products -- we have just about everything they make . So I give this car seat / infant carrier a low rating with great disappointment . I had high hopes for it . The problem is the design . The handle does n't `` lock '' into place , so the baby falls onto the floor , which is very sad for our girl and her doll .
 My son who loves Thomas the Tank Engine , and has a bunch of Thomas sets now including this Waste Of Money . I paid a lil over $ 100 for this item and after 30 min or so of putting this Unstable mess together my son had it trashed within seconds so unless you feel like buying tons of Liquid Nails to keep this ROLLERCOASTER set Together Save Your Money , it is a toy that will probably frustrate most children as it did my son . A nice alternative is the Thomas Bolder Mountain which is a lil more stable.Hope this Helps !!!!! THUMBS DOWN
 Gave this to my granddaughter when she had her 4th birthday on Christmas Eve . She also lives in a home with a real live -LRB- also Cute ` nCuddly -RRB- Goldendoodle doggie . She takes the plush goldendoodle to bed with her .
 I usually LOVE plan toys . These are an utter disappointment ! We bought these for Christmas , and three of the animals are now broken . These were played with gently and only a few times .
 Was a lot smaller than I expected . My daughter had to find a small doll to use that would fit . Because she could n't use her best baby doll that she loves to play with she lost interest real quick .
 You have to be a maintenance man/woman to keep this thing going . Not worth the effort to put together and once put together keeps falling apart . Would not recomend this toy unless you want to get even with someone
 I knew it was trouble right out of the box . It took forever to put together and the combination of intricate little parts and flimsy attachment points meant this toy was going to be total frustration . I was right.My 5-year-old gets frustrated to tears trying to play with it . The elevator falls apart and when it does work it grabs the foam off the ` washers ' on the way up . The ` sprayers ' constantly fall off of it . The previous design is far better but no longer available.When my son is n't looking it 's going out to the trash .
 Takes too long to assemble , made of very cheap plastic that does not secure well enough . After playing with it just one time the `` elevator '' got stuck . We threw it away . Very frustrating for a child who was looking forward to playing with it only to have it not work .
 My son was so excited about this . we bought it as a special reward for him and it keeps breaking apart . He ca n't put it together by himself so I constantly have to put the tracks back together . As far as the actual `` wash , '' it 's been ok , although a bit of a pain to clean the soap out , but I was prepared for that . My son still wants to play with it , so I guess I 'm just stuck sticking tracks back together . It would be so much more fun if it did n't fall apart so easily . It makes me wonder why Hot Wheels wants it 's name on such flimsy , junky toys .
 I love Hotwheels but their other toys are junk . This one is the biggest piece of junk so far . Very flimsy . Falls apart and the elevator will never work . Very disappointed because it seemed like a fun concept .
 It took forever to assemble and the elevator never worked right . It fell apart the first time my son played with it . I was really disappointed !
 This toy is a complete piece of crap . Elevator broke with just one use and the cars keep getting stuck on the track . I finally got smart and threw it out after many hours of frustration ...
 Having read : `` Product FeaturesThis set encourages cooperative and imaginative play.This set features , a working draw bridge , a revolving wall , a tower , working catapult , two horses and two knights.Durable construction and strong materials ensures that this toy will stand up to years of play.This set is made from recycled rubber wood and coated with a non-toxic finish . All colors are made from vegetable dye . `` and knowing this was made by plan toys whose collection is almost exclusively made from wood , imagine my surprise to open the package to discover that the castle was largely made from foam . Everything you see that is grey or red is not wood , but foam.I purchased this thinking I would get a durable , quality toy for my children to play with for years to come , expecting the quality I have gotten in the past from plan toys . Instead , I got a partially wood , mostly foam toy that has already been damaged.It is played with and the accessories are interesting , the wood doors that rotate and operate like a drawbridge are nice .
 I orderd this about a week before Christmas . even thou I paid for two day shipping I did n't get it till before new year .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I bought this toy with my own money . It 's not very much fun . It can shoot discs pretty good but you ca n't take the batman out , the wings do n't move or any other parts on the jet . Also the wings look like they will snap off and many parts are wiggly . The discs jam and you have to dump them all out and unjam it.I wish I had saved my money for a cooler toy .
 I was very happy with the company that sent this product , it arrived in a very timely manner , but the prop is alot smaller than i thought it would be and dose not work for the halloween prop i was planning for it . i did not return it though because it was no fault of the seller . I will just use the prop for indoor decoration .
 The worst-Case Scenario Card Game series is awful . I actually threw them away -LRB- not worth the time or expense to send back -RRB- . Really , what were the producers of this product thinking ???
 I usually do not write reviews but this car was so expensive that I had to share my views . I bought this for my two-year old and the steering wheel came off within a few weeks then the rest of the car followed through immediately . It 's hard to scoot on because the steering wheel height is too low and my son has to hunch over to steer the car . It would be really fun if it is well made and drivable for a taller kid . The red engine cover is some sort of foam clicked on by a plastic piece . Totally not worth the money at all .
 My kids have a lot of Schleich animals and love them . I am always impressed with the quality of their figures . So I was very excited when my daughter received this tent for her birthday . But when I tried to put it together , I had a very hard time . The pieces are easy enough to figure out , but do n't stay together . It is so flimsy that when she tries to play with it , it just falls down . I 'm thinking I 'll have to superglue the pieces together . Overall , it would be an ok tent if they had a better way for the pieces to stay together .
 Terrible toy . One of the worst I 've ordered . It does n't stay together at all . Very flimsy . It has turned me off Schleich products entirely .
 My 21/2 year old son fell in love with this at the store . But after we got it home he just cried and cried with frustration . It is a great concept but does n't work very well . I smashed my finger numerous times trying to pop the ramp inside the trailer down . My son was frustrated for several reason :1 . The cab does n't stay on the trailer .2 . The cars are hard to get in and out of the ramp .3 . The trailer does n't turn it is only straight ahead.I returned it the same day we purchased it after he was so frustrated . The point is for your child to enjoy their toys , right ?
 I 've had the same exact experience with this truck as all the other moms here . I loved the idea of this toy . When my son opened it up he was thrilled . He tried to play with it right away , but the mechanisms are not easy to operate . You have to flip up the ramp to direct the cars to a different level . Some reviewers said they had a hard time figuring it out . I never figured it out . And the cars ... I ca n't tell you how many times my son would cry out in frustration and I 'd have to fish out stuck cars . All in all , I ca n't recommend this toy . It does n't fulfill it 's purpose . It 's supposed to be able to be filled with cars , hauled around and unloaded . The entire time we had this truck we never , ~ ever ~ played with this without a tantrum from my 3 year old because there was more `` fixing '' than playing going on . I wanted to like this toy , because it 's cool and I knew my son would just love it . But folks , honestly , it just does n't work .
 Within five minutes after taking this toy out of the box , my three year old let out a scream and began to cry . He had pinched his finger while lowering the transporter . Five minutes later , I did the same thing to my own finger . Ouch!I continued to fumble around with the awkward levers and buttons and was baffled at the complexity of what should be a simple , straitforward toy . Even my three year old agreed with me when I suggested we bring it back to the store and pick out a different toy .
 I bought this for my son and he loves playing with it and laoding the cars with it but after ONE day I am ready to toss it and look for other options . The rubber wheels come off Constantly . The launcher -LRB- which is the trailer -RRB- does not have a have latch to hold it down so if you carry it by the trailer as shown in the pamphlet , it pops up , if you are playing with it , it pops up , etc. . When it pops up in locks in place so you then have to push a lever on the bottom of the trailer to get it to go down . Turn the trailer back over after pushing the lever on the bottom and it pops up into launch mode . Also the lever that allows the top level of cars to load is always coming down onto the bottom level of cars . Also the trailer doesnt stay attached well to the semi during play forcing you to keep hooking them back together . This would be a great toy if it worked and was n't so poorly made instead its frustrating for both parent and child !
 We recently received this as a gift for my two year old daughter . Plan Toys makes very well made toys and this is no exception - very well constructed ! My daughter loves to ride on it - unfortunately it flipped over today and launched her right off the front . Very disappointed in this - I do n't think we can use it anymore because it 's not safe . My daughter is not the most active 2-year old and she managed to flip it over . As much as I want to like this toy - it 's not safe and you should not buy it .
 The manufacturer 's description is wrong . There are NO vehicles included in the arena playset . And the arena is useless without the vehicles . Moreover , the Battle X vehicles are VERY very hard to find - not found in stores and not available here on Amazon either . I was disappointed to receive this whithout the vehicles and have had to hunt for them online before my son could play with it . Buyer beware .
 in the ad it appears that the cars `` battle '' each other which looks pretty cool . In reality they just try to hit a target and pop up a little token and the first to get 2 tokens wins . big dealMy 7 year old son -LRB- and I -RRB- are very disapointed in this toy .
 We bought this toy for my 7-year-old son , it looked really cool in the store . We got it home after buying 2 of the vehicles to go with it and also weapon sets . All in all it was over $ 40 and was useless . It is noisy , and the cars go around and around and do nothing . Plus they are circling around so fast you ca n't see what is happening and if you do , you might feel dizzy after :-LRB- It is not NEARLY what we expected for the money and we are returning it tomorrow . You would be much happier buying other battling items such as Beyblades or Dual Masters cards or something else for your child , this one is a total mistake from hot wheels , I do n't know what they were thinking .
 We got this for my son . And while I get the fact that the cars do n't come with it , which the box does n't totally explain , I ca n't even find them online or off . Total waste of money.DON ' T FALL FOR THIS !!! IT 'S CR * P !
 Do n't buy this item unless you already own the cars . They are not included with the set and are impossible to find .
 We first owned two Battle Bots and really enjoyed the action . We then received the Arena for Christmas and it did not make the tokens fly up regularly . It took up a lot of room -LRB- like Hot Wheels tracks -RRB- , but was hard -LRB- impossible ? -RRB- to disassemble to put away . Overall , the Battle Bots seemed like a lot more fun without this toy to go with them .
 first i discoverd that dana and saha have alot of simerlarities okay first dana has silver hair so does sasha then dana has bright purple lips then sasha has bright orange lips okay we get their like the same except this is like a black dana oh sorry dont think im rascscist
 this bratz is soooo ugly i mean come on white hair?If i were you i would not get this !
 This sasha doll is absoulutly revolting ! Sasha is my favorite Bratz and I know a bad Sasha when I see one and I just saw one . I did n't buy it and I do n't plan to . Kids who want a Sasha doll , DO NOT GET THIS ONE !!!! There is a new kind of Bratz dolls called Bratz Rock Angelz and Sasha is in that collection . That Sasha is not perfect but she is SSSSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much better looking than this one . DO N'T BUY IT !
 WHAT A STARNGE SASHA DOLL.SHE HAVE AN ORANGE LIPSTIK , WHITE AND ORANGE HAIR ???? WHAT IS THAT.THE BRATZ ROCK ANGELZ SASHA IS 100000 % TIMES BETTER THAN THIS ONE.I WILL NEVER GET TO BUY A DOLL LIKE THIS DOLL.I AM A HUGE BRATZ FAN AND MY SCENE FAN.THE OTHER SAHSA DOLLS ARE BETTER THAN THIS ONE.SARA SIBLINI !!! MY SCENE LOVER !!! BRATZ LOVER !!! * FOREVER * BUT NOT A LOVER ON THIS ONE !!!
 Sasha has white hair - that 's cool ; she 's has orange lips - that 's NOT COOL!Buy some other Sasha instead .
 What a funny doll.Funny make-up and funny clothes.I hate Bratz.EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am not going to buy this doll.And when I look at her , I laugh that I ca n`t hold my breth.HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HA!HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 We had an older version of this toy and it worked for years . It eventually wore out and I was excited to see it available . Unfortunately this one does not work so well . The one lane is smooth and the car runs great , but the other lane bubbles and the car falls off halfway down the track . THis frustrates my children to no end . Am waiting to hear back from the seller to resolve issue , but so far they have not responded to my email .
 It is very hard to roll up the track , and not at all kid friendly . When my son rolled up the track the first time it got all bent up and would not go back correctly . After about 10 minutes of me fighting with it I got it in but I am scared to let him play with it again . If it was up to me and not my 6 year old it would already be in the trash .
 My son loved the launching feature , and we liked the portability and easy clean up , but the track is so flimy that it was misshapen after 3 or 4 uses and kept flipping over unless weighted down -LRB- which makes one side useless ! -RRB-
 WAS N'T AS GREAT AS I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE . NOT ENOUGH ACTION FOR MY GRANDSONS AND TRACK EASILY BECAME ENTANGLED AFTER EACH USE .
 This object was grossly overestimated at 6 '' and i was lied to about how long shipping would take . It falls apart easily and the smaller connecting pieces break even easier .
 This figure is nowhere near 6 '' tall . It is about the size of a GI Joe . It is far too overpriced for the quality . If you order it and decide to return it , the shipper will not refund shipping at all . I learned this the hard way . You will NOT be refunded shipping and you have to ship it yourself so you pay for shipping twice.Do not bother ordering this figure unless you want something very minuscule to put on display .
 my daughter received both of these items for a gift . the horses will NOT stay connected to the carriage at all and she is 6 and gets very frustrated playing w / it . the carriage moves fine on its own , just ca n't use any horses . same with the saddles coming off and going on . as far as the vanity , very tippy on carpet as i was putting it together . i would n't let a child snap the pieces of the long white rods-wouldn ' t trust not to break . not impressed . only had out of box for a day , will see how long both of them last . we however got them as seperate buys . not as joint deals !
 My 5 year old daughter was very excited to receive the horse and carriage from Santa . Excitement quickly turned to frustration . The horses come apart from the carriage after being moved a couple of inches , even if moved very slowly . The carriage now sits on her dresser with her favorite dolls . It 's a pretty carriage , just do n't expect to get any play time out of it .
 My daughter who is 6 wanted this for her birthday . We got it home and put it together . She went to play with it and the horses fell off of the carriage . She tried putting them back on and could n't . I put them back on and she went to play with it and they fell off again . She was very frustrated . Now she just plays with the horses and the Barbie dolls we purchased to go with it . She does not play with the carriage at all.Her 16 month old and 4 year old sister play with the carriage they put their little people and weeble wobbles in it and push it around . Not worth the price we paid at all . Very disapointed in Mattel . I should have talked her into getting the Barbie Learning Notebook which is what she originally said she wanted until she saw this in the store.I do not recommend this toy at all unless you want frustrated children or if you want to constantly put the horses back on all the time .
 Another cheaply made Barbie product . It 's so pretty but it falls apart the instant a child starts playing with it . My daughter has resorted to leaving it on her dresser most of the time . Very disappointing item .
 dont buy this toy if you do n't want it to be thrown across the room !! This toy was a cheap piece of crap . The horses did n't stay on the carriage . My 4 year old gets frustrated . My husband bolted the horses with a nail so they would stay together . Not worth 1.00 neverless 10.00 . I paid 30.00 and now I wonder `` why is it so cheap ? DUH
 We ordered this because my son wanted an RC truck . The picture in the ad looks like a cool RC truck but what came in mail is a clear plastic cover for an RC truck . The picture in the ad is not what is being sold . Needless to say I am returning the plastic cover and seeking a refund .
 I did not purchase this through Amazon ; it was through Back to Basics Toys . It was a Christmas gift for our 7 year old son . Granted the age on this toy is 5 + , but our son is interested in regular pool , so we figured it would be neat to get this so he could get the idea of what it was all about . Yes , it 's a fun game ... if you can get through it without any pieces falling off and/or breaking ! Just received our replacement Skittle Pool in the mail today and , already , it is broken . It truly is a piece of garbage as far as quality goes . It 's all plastic ... the `` A '' frames -LRB- two are included -RRB- are warped , making for total inaccuracy when `` shooting '' the cue ball . The plastic piece that sticks up out of the swivel arm -LRB- which a stationery cue ball sort of gets inserted on -RRB- snapped off ~ one of the reasons we needed a replacement game ... and then one snapped off the replacement !! For the price , I would think they could invest a little bit more money and make this game a bit more sturdy .
 Table under felt is plastic , not wood and therefore not very flat . This is mitigated by the fact that the balls do n't have to travel far , but obviously a flat surface is the most important quality aspect of this game.The swivel `` aimers '' are not constructed with precision . One is very tight and sticky , which is very annoying , and the other loose , which is less annoying.Still my 4yo is having decent fun and probably improving his coordination .
 This is a nice game , but not very child friendly . It is difficult to put together and difficult to make shots . Adults might very well enjoy . I had also sent one to my son when he was deployed to Iraq . There was some enjoyment there . Overall I would not recommend this game .
 This item is poorly constructed . Never buy this ever ! It might look like fun but the poor quality just stinks . JUNK ! I think this is a rip-off . The pendulum is fun looking but offers poor control .
 I liked this game that I played at someone else 's house . I liked this version rather than the straight vertical poles on the ends . I like the graduating rails . It 's too bad that the connectors are made of such bad plastic that the first time I disassembled it , most of the connectors cracked or split and fell in pieces . I contacted the company , and the pieces are on back order . That was about a month ago . Very disappointed in the construction and/or plastic used to make the connectors . Or were they dry-rotted from hanging around the warehouse . Still waiting ...
 I bought this version of the popular ladder toss game thinking with the design that it would make for a funner game . Stick to the normal goals . It takes time to put together . The bolos that come with the set take away from the game ... cheep ! For the price it 's not worth it . I did find better bolos on amazon from the BlongoBall company that work better with the set .
 Had this toy for ... oh about a month , and it broke . It can not be fixed , we still have to balls on string , but the actual toy broke , the legs broke off and the bars bent . the kids had great fun with it for the few weeks that they got to play with it .
 Instead of advertising 1:55 scale - how about you just say 21/2 inch match box car for $ 20.00 , then charge 19.00 for delivery because in the end the order form would n't let me order a less expensive type of delivery and you have a nearly $ 40.00 match box car . To say I was disappointed and felt ripped off would be an understatement . How many normal people can tell you what 1:55 scale means ? I got the same thing from Disney for $ 4.99 . I will never buy here again ! 0 stars from me !
 I thought I was getting something more than what this was . It is a booklet of activites that a social studies teacher would give their students . For $ 12.00 I would have expected more , plus the seller overcharged for shipping . I am returning the booklet immediately .
 I thought this puzzle was shaped like the birds as it is shown , but when I opened it -LRB- and once you do you can not return it -RRB- it was all outlined in white . All the outside pieces were white , so to me this does NOT look like I thought it would .
 This was at the very top of my daughter 's Christmas list last year . It was a great concept - about time there was a race track designed with girls in mind . On Christmas Eve it took my husband who has a master 's degree and my brother-in-law who is an aeronautical engineer an hour and a half to put the thing together . Not because they could n't understand the directions , but because the quality of the plastic was so flimsy . The pieces would n't snap together firmly or stay together , and there was one piece that would n't snap with anything . I was pretty disappointed that we were having to use packing tape on something that was brand new right out of the box . The kids did think it was a fun toy , but they never played with the little tiny pieces which were pretty much useless , and since the track is self propelling , playing with it pretty much consists of the kids shooting the cars once and then sitting and watching them go around the track . They do n't have to use their imaginations enough to make this a lasting toy . They still play with the cars , but no longer ask for the track . Unless this will make or break your child 's belief in Santa , I would n't waste the money !
 I have never written a bad review for a toy before but this one made me so frustrated , I just had to ! This LOOKS like a lot of fun ... . but the assembly directions are terrible -LRB- there even is one extra part -RRB- . It took over an hour just to put this together . If you move it a centimeter , the whole thing falls apart -LRB- if you ever got it together in the first place -RRB- . It is just junk ... the pieces do not lock together so they literally are just sitting together.We also had a defective part in that one of the cars kept falling off the track and would not go.Also , the seller we bought it through -LRB- on Amazon -RRB- was Toysintexas . Their customer service was awful and basically refused to return the item even though it was clearly defective . Luckily , Amazon came through with their A-Z Guarantee and gave us a merchandise credit , otherwise we would have been out of luck.Don ' t buy this , no matter how fun it looks !!
 This thing is an exercise in frustration for my sister , who has to continually rebuild it . Now that my brother-in-law and I puzzled over the incomprehensible instructions for 4 hours on Christmas day ... that 's not too big a deal , but the first time , it was really awful . The factory sent this partially assembled , and one part was in backwards ... . the instructions , mostly poorly drawn diagrams were no help . Because it was the `` it '' toy of the season , and my niece really loves it , we put up with it , but unless it is specifically requested by a child , I 'd look elsewhere .
 My daughter received this for Christmas and it looked like a cute concept . The problems started when we opened the box and realized the instructions -LRB- or lack of -RRB- was just a diagram where you had to figure out where to put the pieces . The track is very flimsy and the supports that come with it do n't stay together.Once we got it together , my daughter had fun playing with it ... but I had to keep putting tracks together and supports back in place because it kept coming apart as she played with it . She was n't playing very rough with it , but it 's just cheaply made.The little pieces are pretty much useless except for the little shopping bags that stick to the cars.It 's a really cute concept but I wish they tracks were made alittle better !!
 We bought Race to the Mall for our 4yr old daughter for Christmas . It took a loooong time to assemble , and is quite large . Combined , these two facts mean that you need to be prepared for it to be a semi-permanent fixture in your home -LRB- i.e. once you 've put it together , you wo n't be keen to take it apart ! -RRB- As another reviewer mentioned , the ` race ' bit -LRB- the zooming of the cars ` round the track -RRB- is pretty cool to begin with , but it really does get pretty old after about five minutes -LRB- it 's a noisy toy too , so it 's not something you leave turned on indefinitely -RRB- . We found our daughter soon turned the racing bit off and focused more on the playing with the Polly dolls that sit in the car . However -LRB- again reflecting another reviewer 's comments -RRB- the `` mall '' part is really quite under-developed and yes , she just did end up taking the two dolls out and going and playing with them amidst the her LEGO and other toys . So now , we have this fairly massive construction sitting idle in our living room!The real meat of this review however is to agree whole-heartedly with the flimsiness of the product . Sure , I guess you could tape it up and add superglue etc but seriously , ought you have to do that with a brand-new toy?To top things off , the cheap plastic gears that drive the escalator have worn down after what must in total be ten minutes of use -LRB- not consecutively -RRB- and now the escalator does n't run.All told , I would suggest you look elsewhere . I know this might be difficult when your child is begging for this particular product , but in the long run , it really will be to everyone 's benefit if you can find a toy that -LSB- a -RSB- has more long-term use -LRB- we 're facing facts now ; this thing is a one-trick pony -RRB- and -LSB- b -RSB- is not constructed as poorly -LRB- the plastic is practically see-through in places , it 's that thin -- and that does n't bode well for something as large as this is , and relies on snapping together for structural integrity -RRB- .
 I had read the negative reviews on this product but my daughter really wanted it for Christmas , so I bought it . I figured , like all Polly stuff , a little super glue would help keep it together and she could enjoy it . WRONG . We returned it the day after Christmas . All Polly stuff is flimsy and poorly made , but this is the worst of the evils . The buttons to launch the cars did n't even work . Save yourself the time and energy , and your child the frustration and DO N'T BUY THIS TOY ! Mattel should be ashamed !
 Yet another poorly designed toy . Extremely flimsy , pieces fit together very poorly causing car to stop mid-track or fail to pass through various gates and openings . Assembly instructions had numerous errors -LRB- both pictures and instructions -RRB- . Pre-assembled parts work very poorly .
 Just another reason to try to get my daughter not to play with Polly and her friends . The track takes for too long to put together , comes apart very easily , far too many parts for a simple track . Mall feature is within the tracks and unaccessable for any play . Overall design looks great , but not fun for her to play alone or with friends.It falls apart with the slightest movement and what child does not try to move their toys ? Only value was in the cars , she likes them and would love to be able to buy more than the 2 that come with the track . She plays with the cars with her doll house and actually asked me to put the racetrack back in the box .
 Ca n't believe this cheap toy has become so expensive . My girls liked the idea of it , but the connectors were weak , so the track often fell apart mid-use . The motor that drove the `` car escalator '' was fairly loud , and talk about sexist - but that 's another matter entirely.That said , we gave it away last year to another little girl who was thrilled to have it . And believe it or not , I kind of miss this toy - and putting it together time and time again .
 I wish I would have taken to heart the reviewers who said it was n't worth the money ... it is a flimsy product -- the track wo n't stay together . The `` start '' button got stuck and would no longer launch the cars which meant the cars could n't ride through the loop . Also , the elevator stopped working properly as well.My 5 year old son loved the toy ... my 3-1/2 year old daughter not so much -LRB- because it kept falling apart -RRB- . I 'm mad that I wasted my money and will have to go through the hassle of sending it back !
 This is the worst Christmas gift my kids have ever gotten . It is so flimsy it will not stay together . Unless it is on a perfectly flat surface the cars will not run the track . It is the first fully assembled -LRB- about 30 minutes to do -RRB- gift that we will take the time to return . Piece of junk !
 We bought this last year for our 5 yr.olds Santa present . We could not get it to work . The idea is good - for girls . . But it is worthless and made my daughter cry because it would not stay together.Later this year we bought a Darda race track - for B-day present and to make up for the the dissapointment this one made ... Easier to put together , -LRB- ask a ten year old to do it - us adults forget as we get older and instructions are confusing -RRB- . . And actually works , without batteries . Even though it was not pink and purple , she loved it .
 my son insisted we get this `` girly '' race track for his 4 year old cousin for her birthday.This track is basically the same in terms of set up and quality as most `` do it yourself '' race tracks for matchbox sized cars . Which means , for those who have never owned one of these sets , it will be cumbersome to put together , with loads of small pieces , and pieces that seem to fit together but do n't . Then once you finally figure out which track piece goes where , it will fall apart . All the time . You will constantly have to reassemble the track . It will not store easily , or move easily , or last very long . But , when it does work , your kid will LOVE it . S/he will love to watch the cars zoom around the track , loop the loop , and even fly off into a crash.As I mentioned , we gave this as a gift to my niece on her 4th birthday . She had her dad put it together immediately . It took maybe 30 minutes to figure out how to put it together . Then it worked for 15 minutes before it broke . We fixed it 3 times while I was there . The kids had a blast with it . But I still felt embarrased that I had given such a flimsy gift.As much fun as this was to play with , the quality was just so bad that I do n't recommend it . I do recommendShake 'N Go Crash-Ups Crash Coursewhich is a much sturdier race track . It 's not pink and girly , but if you are looking for a quality track for your child to race and crash cars , it 's much better . If you are looking for something more girly , I 'd have n't seen any other girl themed race tracks but do recommendPolly Pocket Fab-Tastic Mall
 My daughter Pleaded for this toy last Christmas and received it from a family member . IT IS IMPOSSIBLE to put together and STAY together . ONE time we got it partially put together and while putting the last few pieces on it ALL collapsed ... This is a very poorly made toy - one of the worse ever ! DO NOT waste your time or money . It will be wasted time on your part , as far as assembly goes and your little girl will end up very disappoited ! Everyone needs to complain to Mattel so they realize what a HUGE piece of junk this is ! I mean its was a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- toy/piece of trash !
 We bought this for our daughters , ages 4 and 6 . They were SO excited about it -LRB- having seen the commercials of course -RRB- and they seem to like it but we -LRB- Mom and Dad -RRB- hate it.The pieces are flimsy , especially the track supports . Even the slightest bump will have the track pieces separating and the supports falling off . The escalator feature is fun for the most part , but again , if the set up is bumped it dislodges the drive mechanism and the escalator wo n't go.Needless to say , either Mom or Dad has to be nearby to re-set the pieces every two minutes.The teeny accessories are useless and the girls have n't even attempted to play with them.This toy is very cheaply made , and a big disappointment from a major toy manufacturer such as Mattel . It might be on your little girl 's wishlist , but I 'd steer clear of this one if I were you !
 So disappointed ! My girls - 4 and 7 - were so excited about getting this toy but it 's a piece of grabage ! It 's poorly made and falls apart so easily - the girls get so frustrated because every time they touch it the pieces disconnect . It 's a waste of money - do n't bother buying it .
 This toy is a piece of garbage.Cheap is n't the word to describe it . It took my husband an hour to put it together , and the slightest movement makes the whole thing fall apart . You ca n't even turn it or the tracks separate and the pieces come crumbling down . My daughter -LRB- 5 years -RRB- asked if she could play with it in the living room - so I tried to very carefully carry it - it was like starting over again.Honestly , I was not expecting a really high quality toy here , but it is horrible . I am considering throwing it in the box and sending it to Mattell.The `` race '' idea gets old after about 10 minutes and she just played with the Polly Pocket girls on her bed after that . So save your money and save yourself some aggrevation and just buy a little playset and some pink hotwheels.Ugh !
 THIS POLLY POCKET TRACK IS A WASTE OF MONEY . IT IS FLIMSY . THE SUPPORTS DO NOT SUPPORT THE TRACKS , THEY ARE NOT STURDY ENOUGH . NOT EVEN ON A HARD SURFACE . THE TRACKS DO NOT STAY TOGETHER . THE FORCE USED TO PUSH DOWN THE BUTTON TO SHOOT THE CARS MAKES THE ENTIRE TRACK MOVE THUS BREAK . THAT BUTTON BROKE AFTER TWO TIMES . GENTLE USE TOO . WHEN BUYING THE CARS SEPARATE BE SURE THEY HAVE A HOOK ON THE BOTTOM AS NON OF THE SINGLE ONES WE BOUGHT DID SO THEY WERE NOT NOT NOT COMPATIBLE . THIS SET IS IN THE GARBAGE .
 Bought this for my daughter 's 5th birthday . We 've had it 3 weeks . She played with it a few minutes and then would have never touched it again unless someone else played with it first . However , my 22-month-old boy/girl twins love it and ca n't get enough of it . The 5 yo now likes to play with it with her siblings . The cars go around the track as they should although sometimes they will fly off the track when you hit the plunger - this kids do n't seem to mind this.The bad part . I ca n't express strongly enough how very flimsy and cheap this thing is . My children do n't abuse it , but the slightest nudge will cause the tracks to break apart or the track supports to fall apart . If it is hit a little harder than a nudge , the whole thing will fall apart including the tiny `` mall '' area -LRB- which also acts as a support for the whole thing -RRB- . It 's a pain to put together for two reasons
 We bought this for Christmas for our 6 year old . She loved playing with it for a day or two , but it will not stay put together ! It is flimsy as others have posted . I would like to give this product a better review but due to the poor quality , I ca n't . The track sits untouched because it 's too frustrating trying to keep it put together . Do n't buy it .
 This toy is a major disappointment . It is so cheaply made . The structure is unstable and the tracks fall apart . My wife got painful pinches on her hands putting the track together . The plastic is hard , brittle plastic not the kind of soft , flexible type used for Mattel 's Hot-wheels track . I can not believe this thing is $ 100.00 !! Thankfully , my wife got it at a yard sale FOR FREE which was nice . Do NOT waste $ 100.00 ! This thing is trash !
 This product is cute , and my daughter has fun with it , BUT it falls apart VERY easily !!!! Right now it 's sitting in the middle of her toy room because if you try to move it , it just falls apart !! The pieces just do not want to stay together !! If I had to do it again , I would NOT purchase this product !!
 I was very disappointed in the Polly Pocket Race to the Mall Toy . It will not stay together and the item to release the cars jams all the time , so my six year ca n't play with it .
 This product broke the first year we got it , The warranty is for something ridiculous like 30 or 90 days , should have researched that before I bought it . ALWAYS a red flag when the manufacturer does n't guarantee their product for at least a year . Then our friend gave us theirs , they bought a wi , and THAT one also broke within a month ! And no , we do not beat on our electronics ... . We invested over $ 250 in this with the extra remotes and many of the games . If we had known it had such a short life span , we 'd never have bought it . LET THE BUYER BEWARE , it 's a piece of junk . To be fair , we DID enjoy playing it while it worked !!! Now I 'm stuck with all these games and hate to throw them out , but it 's just not popular enough to find anybody who wants them ... : -LRB-
 Be warned ... This was not the same Donkey Kong pictured here . I ordered this for my son for Christmas and am VERY disappointed . Very poor quality and does n't look at all like donkey dong . Cheap imitation .
 with this toy like I did . Even though I had already read several reviews stating that the battery compartment leaked , I thought that somehow `` my '' fish would not leak and would work great . I was wrong . Mine did n't even last as long as some other reviewers ' had . It swam around for maybe a half an hour and that was it . So back to Amazon it went . But , just to let you know , Amazon was terrific with the return and even printed out a return shipping label . Great service !
 I would not recommend this toy . The battery compartment leaked and the toy broke . It was completely useless after this . I would not waste your money on this . Cool idea , but horribly implemented .
 The first day this fish was great fun . It swam around the surface of the pool exuberantly . It even swam into a picture I was taking of my grandson . The next time we played with the fish it continued to swim , but sank underwater and kept swimming into whatever wall it was facing while on the pool floor . We were bummed . We did n't toss it around or treat it roughly .
 I bought two of these fish as a special treat for my son , who had been begging for them . I read the directions carefully , making sure the battery compartment was sealed when I screwed it on . Both fish worked great for the first day , but would n't work again after . I put new batteries in and they still would n't work . It seems as though water got into the compartment , which is poorly designed and not leak-proof . So , I returned both fish to the store and bought the `` Finding Nemo
 I bought this toy thinking the kids were going to have fun with it in the pool . They did , but only for a very short time . After the batteries died and we changed them to new ones it became a submarine . It dropped to the bottom of the pool and never re surfaced . Very frustrating .
 I purchased this product along with the Koi and turtle and they worked for one day . The koi would not turn off unless the batteries were pulled out . The turtle would not turn on unless you physically held the button in and the fish just quit altogether and sunk to the bottom of the pool .
 My 3 year old son , wanted this toy for a long time . Finally santa brought it for him . He played with it for about an hour . Te net is too small , it does n't talk all the time . Maybe a smaller child would like trying to get the ball in the net but a 3 year old gets boerd of it .
 my 3 year old loves soccer , but does n't like this toy at all . She 'd rather just kick the ball around then be bothered by this toy that shakes back and forth and makes some noise once in awhile . It is also not constructed so well , when I pick it up to move it , the top bar easily pops out
 This toy was a Christmas gift for my 3 year old . It is much too small for her , even though it is labeled for 3-6 years old . W e were very disappointed in the toy , at least she has a new ball to play with .
 I bought this to for christmas ' 04 ' Put it together and the kids started to play . The things it said made my kids laugh but it fell apart so fast . We had to keep putting the net on , then when we would move it the hands and feet would fall off . The only fun thing about the whole toy was the soft soccer ball . THis is a very POOR designed toy . What a waste of money ...
 My son requested this for Christmas of 2003 . We purchased it from amazon and put it away for christmas since christmas was still a few months away . Christmas morning I could n't belive when we took it out of the box and pieces were missing . We did n't even get the right feet . Literally ! Our game came with two left feet not a right foot . There was n't enough pieces to get him put together correctly so we figured we would put batteries in it just to see what the game sounded like . Surprise the game did n't even turn on . What a piece of junk . My son really wanted another one , but we explained the value -LRB- ... -RRB- and that he would be better off trying a different toy .
 I would feel better throwing my money in the toilet than buying this toy . It 's too small and will never look like it does on the box because it 's NEVER in one piece . In fact , the box is worth more than the toy . It 's going in the trash today !
 I bought this for my 3yr old.Thought being she loves to play with balls.I did n't have it a day and repacked it.It falls apart when you move it or even get the ball in the goal.The goal is too small.The stickers come up or fall off.I do n't believe any child should have to go through the frustration that they go through just to play a game.Every time she gets the ball in I have to put it back together for her to play again.Milton Bradley should be ashamed of them selves to put out such a terrible toy for a child . I note this as unsafe ...
 My 4 year old got this toy for Christmas , she was so excited about getting it but when I put it together she played with it for all of an hour and it has sat in the corner untouched for the past 3 months . The goal is to small , the hands fall off of it and it just is n't much fun to play .
 My son asked for this toy when he was 3 and he got it for christmas . Not even a uear later it was in the trash . It was fun for a little while , but very flimsy . I wish I never bought it .
 I thought this toy would make a cute gift from Santa so I added it to the pile . My 2 & 3 year old loved the whole concept but the toy is poorly constructed and constantly falling apart . I finally made it `` disappear '' and left them with the ball to play with . This toy needs to be revamped and made as one piece or better construction . Great idea but someone fell asleep during the tryout phase on this one .
 Do n't waste your money !! The net and other pieces never stay on - the toy is very small and not approp . for an older child . Mine were 2 and 4 when I bought it . They used it a few times and we were so tired of putting it back together we gave it away ! They never really enjoyed it when it was working - do n't buy !!
 I have two boys who are one and a half and two and a half . I Have purchased a lot of toys for my kids and this has to be the worst purchase I have ever made . The pieces are constantly falling off , the goal is way to small and my kids lost interest in it two minutes after it was put together . I am sad to say it was a complete waste of money . I would have been better off simply walking over the the toilet and flushing this bad investment right down the drain . This toy is completely horrible in design and makes me wonder if it was ever tested out on any child before sent out on the market.I feel cheated .
 I do n't think my 4 year old has played with this for more than 5 minutes since we got it in December . It is so fragile - it 's base , it 's front slope piece and it 's hands fall off if you barely touch it . It 's so much more fun to just go outside and kick a real soccer ball around and make your own goal out of stuff in the yard . We definitely got suckered by the cute little commercials on this toy - I regret the purchase - big waste of money .
 I read the other reviews and thought , `` Geesh , how bad can it really be ? '' And then I went to the local Toys ` R'Us to check it out before buying it . Looked cool . The box seemed like the goal would be of appreciable size to play with . Bought it . Brought it home . Set it up for our budding young soccer player . Wish I had taken the advice of my fellow Amazoners . We should 've just said no!The goal REALLY WAS TOO SMALL after the silly face , hands & feet were attached . Ditch the goofy stuff and it could be very functional -- just not silly.Pathetic durability . Do n't sneeze , you may need to rebuild .
 My son received the Silly Soccer net as well as a plain net for his birthday at around age 2 or 3 . I had wanted to keep the plain net , but I was overruled by my wife -LRB- who had purchased the Silly Soccer gift -RRB- . The net worked fine and did provide some entertainment , but became useless within a year while the other net would still be in heavy use.It is very small - both the ball and the net . I would thus recommend it for people who would like to use it in tight areas . This forced my son to be more precise with his kicks , which sounds like a good thing , but wound up taking the exercise part out of the sport to be replaced instead with frustration and lack of confidence.I 'm writing this review since I am now online looking for a roughly 3 feet by 4 feet net .
 With the anticipation going for my 2 year old son , he was thrilled to bring this great toy home . 5 minutes after playing with this toy and relizing the toy was to small my son was so frustrated with this toy he kicked it right in the face then kicking it till the pieces were all over the floor . Screaming , '' I do n't like it . '' How frustrating as a parent to buy a $ 20 soccor ball !!! I do n't recommend this toy for any child of any age .
 My sister and I both bought this toy for our boys last x-mas . Please do yourself a favor and leave it on the shelf . VERY , VERY , VERY POOR Craftsmanship . The toy falls apart constantly , even when I am trying to take it off the shelf in my sons playroom to place it on the floor . My son never played with it after New Years and so I finally trashed it . What a horrible toy , they shold have made it alot stronger to handle 3-6 year olds !
 This toy was hard to put together then when it was together it fell apart and broke within 2 times of playing with it . Would n't recommend it .
 I 'm very sorry I got this . I bought this for my daughter last year for Christmas she was 4 then . She did n't hate it but she did n't play with it either . Then when she did got to play with it the hands fell off , then the sides fell off . Not worth the money . I could n't even sell it for .50 at a tag sale this summer . I ended up chucking it instead .
 I bought this toy for my two children , because it looked like fun . When it arrived and I put it together ... it would n't stay together . The hands and feet fall off and sadly but true my kids do n't have any intrest in playing with it . Maybe I got a defected toy .
 This is the worst toy we own . If the pieces are n't falling off , then my son -LRB- 2 years -RRB- ca n't get the ball in the goal because it is way to small . Its comments are also way to derogatory for the age group it is intended for . TERRIBLE -LRB- ... -RRB-
 With twin three-year-old daughters and a seven-year-old son who are consistently hellbent on killing each other from the moment they get up in the morning until I carry them up to bed at night , my wife and I sometimes get desperate for ways to distract them from the task at hand , but from the moment I looked at the box this thing was packaged in , I knew Silly Soccer would soon be tossed aside in favor of `` Silly Sock-her . '' Scalewise , the goal itself is too small for any size kids except for maybe newborns and , let 's face it , newborns ca n't even walk , let alone kick a ball . The goalie does n't cover any of the net at all -LRB- let alone come out to cut down the angle - that 's called sarcasm -RRB- , but simply moves back and forth , jibbering like he 's suffering from drug-induced mental problems , making it simple for even those with two left feet to make like Pele . To add insult to injury , Silly Soccer even has a volume switch with a high setting just in case the low setting does n't facillitate the onset of tinitus quickly enough . After the spongy soccer ball goes into the net , you have to step on a pedal in the back to flip it back out . Needless to say , after kicking the ball into the goal and flipping it back out a few times , the twins returned to their normal regimen of pre-school posturing , mean spiritedness , and toddler head games . As for my son , his fingers began twitching from Nintendo withdrawal . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This toy was such a waste of money . The butterflies get stuck in the elephant `` nose '' due to static eletricity . Even when I cut the nose to half it 's original size and got it to kind of work my 3 year old got so bored with it really easily . The kids were jumping sround trying to get the butterflies and just kept bumping into each other . The `` nose '' always collapses anyway . We ended up throwing the toy away after a month .
 My daughter got this for Christmas when she was 3 , she became easily irritated that it was over so quickly , the butterflys shoot out in 3 seconds and it takes 2 minutes to get the game ready . She played it once . Since then it 's sat in our closet . She says we can get rid of it now .
 I purchased this toy for my 31/2 year old daughter and we 're both disappointed . The concept is great , but it just ca n't do what it is supposed to do . There is not enough power in the fan to blow the butterflies through the nose like it should . They come out one at a time over a 3 minute period -LRB- except the ones that never end up coming out ! -RRB- We 're both really flusterated after only a few minutes . Not to mention that this toy is not for use on carpet . The little button does n't want to stay pushed down . If they would make this toy in a better quality , it would be nice .
 I bought this game for my neices ages 4 and 6 . What a disappointment . They were excited to recieve this gift as they have seen it on TV . But were very disappointed afterwards when after I set this game up it did n't work . What to do ... . return it or try to fix it ???? First we straightened the folded butterfly wings , checked the strength of the batteries and cut 6inches off the trunk . It worked fine for 2 days . The base of the trunk is now weakening from use and collapsing while playing game . I do not recommend this game unless you do n't mind troubleshooting every game . This will probably end up in the trash in 1 week . I am very disappoimted !!! bjallison
 My 5 year-old daughter wanted this toy badly after seeing it advertised on television and spent her own money to buy it . She was thrilled the first time she played it , but this excitement was short lived because before too long this toy barely functioned at all . The butterflies get hung up in the trunk , and yes you can tap it to free some of them , but expect to do this repeatedly -LRB- how much fun is that ? -RRB- We also found that after only a few games the butterflies would hardly come out at all - few and far between . Thinking that the supposedly new batteries we put in were perhaps not so new , we started over - again with new batteries . Same thing - batteries were quickly so weak that the butterflies could not be propelled out of the elephants trunk . I called the company about this toy 's poor performance and they kindly sent me another , citing that the one I bought must be defective . Guess what ? Replacement they sent me was absolutely no better than the first . This toy was quicky donated to charity but my child was still out $ 20 . Do n't say you have n't been warned .
 I ca n't get this toy to work . This toy wo n't get the butterflies out . You can lose the butterflies eisily . My brother is n't having fun with it .
 I bought this toy for my 3 & 6 year old daughters because on the TV commercials it looked so cute and lots of fun with all the butterflies blowing out all over . Both my daughters begged for it and so Santa left it under the tree for them and they were so excited and could n't wait to play with it Christmas morning . Well the toy is cute looking , but that 's about as far as it goes . The fan just does n't have enough power to blow the butterflies out other than maybe 5 or 6 of them . The rest just twirl around at the very bottom . We tried what the instructions say in case of that happening and it still did n't help ! Even tried putting another set of brand new batteries in , but still nothing ! Definately not worth the money as it 's nothing like the TV advertises ! Will be returning this toy for a refund !
 My daughter wanted this so bad for her 4th birthday , it was such a disappointment . The butterflies barely come out of the trunk ! Not at all like they show it . My kids had more fun playing with the nets !
 This was a HUGE disappointment . I thought it would be an ideal gift for my son , but I 've spent more money than I like to think about just to keep fresh batteries in it . As soon as the batteries start to wear down -LRB- which is pretty quickly -RRB- , the fan slows down and the butterflies become stuck in the trunk . I 'm sure my almost-four-year-old would give it five stars for fun if it always worked when he wanted to play with it , but because of this game , I 've begun to ration my batteries . As other reviewers mentioned , there needs to be a lot more butterflies included . This could be a great game for kids if the manufacturers made a few changes , but as it is , I recommend that parents save their money .
 I was so excited to buy this for my three year old daughter . I figured it would reinforce counting and colors as well as eye hand coordination . When we started playing , the butterflies took forever to shoot out . I opened it and mixed them around as the instructions stated but still only one or two popped out . The rest kept blowing around on the bottom . Very disappointing . After a while my daughter said `` all done Mommy '' . She was bored standing there waiting for the butterflies . I dont blame her , I was bored myself . The fan worked fine and the trunk fully extended & I put fresh batteries so Im not really sure what went wrong . Its such a nice idea but Im sad to say its a lemon of a game .
 This toy could be fun if it were redesigned . The fan is not powerful enough to blow the butterflies out of the trunk . There is a safety button on the bottom of the toy which needs to be pressed past flush to activate the fan . For my son to play with it , I have to hold the elephant and press the button myself . The toy almost has enough power to blow a few butterflies out of the trunk . When they get stuck , I have to shake the toy . It takes so long for the butterflies to come out that my 4 year old gets bored . He has only played once , but the trunk is already showing signs of wear . It looks great in the ad , but DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 Bought it for my 2 year old and 4 year old neice and the fan is not strong enough to blow out the butterflies even with new batteries and we also cut off a couple of inches from the top and it did n't help . The girls finally took the trunk off and would place the butterflies in and turn it on and watch them blow around . A waste of money .
 The first game we ordered blew out about 2 of the butterflies in 60 seconds . brand new `` radio shack '' batteries . sent it back for a replacement as this is nothing like the commercial . The second one did not blow out any butterflies . I thought , maybe , I got bad batteries . Put in another new pair of batteries , this time an expensive name brand set . It then worked better , however , my 3 , 6 , and 8 yr . olds got bored waiting for the butterflies to blow out . I thought what would happen when these brand new batteries are not brand new ? This replacement elefun is going back also . Great idea but needs some work .
 I would n't recommmend this game . The butterflies will not fly out even after following the instructions . It seems that the motor is not strong enough . I ca n't say that more butterflies would be any better seeing how the ones it comes with ca n't make it past the base . If I hold the base firmly to the ground , it works somewhat better . I foresee a trip to the refund counter with this one .
 This toy looked like a great buy when I saw it on TV . Santa left it under the tree and we thought it would be a great family game . Of course , it does not work at all like it says . The butterflies do not come out of the elephant , except for maybe 5 -LRB- out of 30 -RRB- . We tried and tried to fix the problem with no success . Their is not enough fan power to blow them out the top . It says they should all come out in about 2 minutes , but when they do n't we gave up . I do not recomment buying this toy .
 What a really fun idea for a game . It is too bad we returned our Elefun game because it did not blow out the butterflies very well at all . Only one or two blew out very slowly . We followed the instructions and put in fresh new batteries and even tried different batteries but the toy did not have the power to blow out the butterflies for the fun that is should be . We even tried a second time with a different Elefun game and had the same results .
 I was very disappointed . I saw the commercial and thought this game would be great for my children -LRB- ages 3 and 6 -RRB- . We set it up and it actually worked great once -LRB- the butterflies shot out fast -RRB- , however ever since that one time it seems the motor is not strong enough . The button on the bottom is not level with the actual bottom of the elephant , so even if it sits on a hard surface , the motor is still not strong enough to shoot out butterflies fast . It seems to take about 2 minutes to shoot out 1 , meanwhile the kids have already lost interest.It is a shame because the game looks like a great deal of fun .
 My kids beg to play this toy because it 's a cute idea that looks so fun on the commercial . Only problem is , it does n't work . Brand new batteries and the fan does n't blow hard enough to blow any butterflies out . Occasionally with a little help by holding up the trunk and tapping on the butterflies we manage to get one or two out , but the motor seems to go in and out and it is n't worth the hassle . The kids are quickly bored because the game is a piece of junk . If it were a $ 5 toy , fine . But do n't waste $ 17 on this .
 This was the most waste of money I have ever spent . The butterflies do n't even come out of the basket . The never make it up the trunk . They just fly around in the basket . I would never recommend this game to anyone.This was a real shame because it really looked cute on TV .
 This toy was greatly anticipated at my dd 3rd birthday party ! All the kids gathered ` round , clamoring to be the first ones to have their turn -LRB- 4 nets -RRB- , finally I turned it on ! We waited in great expectation , and waited , and waited - finally , a butterfly popped out ! We were on our way to super-duper-elefun - but then , nothing happened . That is pretty much the story of this toy . After 20 minutes , and about 7 butterflies , all the kids had dwindled away and left in boredom and I reboxed this toy and returned it . Worst of all , I still hear about how badly she wants the thing everytime the commercial comes on !
 My daughter -LRB- 18 mos -RRB- recieved this as a gift . My son -LRB- 6 years -RRB- could n't have been happier , as he has been asking us for about a year for it , but I thought it was too young for him . Anyway , the first few times we set it up , it took forever for the butterflies to come out . My daughter squealed with delight everytime one did , but that only happened once every 2 or 3 minutes . After 20 minutes and 10 butterflies later , we gave up . You can somewhat see the butterflies through the trunk , and I could tell they were just circling around in the base , not even making it to the trunk . -LRB- Brand new batteries too -RRB- I then tried here to see if anyone else had troubles like this , and found more people could n't get it to work , then could . I tried some of the suggestions like turning the butterfly wings inside out so they cup and grab more air . I also put the unit on our coffee table , as it 's the only hard surface we have other than the Kitchen floor ... eeek ! It worked a little better , but not much . We maybe got about 12 butterflies to come out in 5 minutes . It 's okay , but I think some improvements are needed , especially considering how long this toy has been on the market !
 The idea of catching butterflies greatly apealed to my 4 year old since she is an avid lover of insects , but the game fell seriously short of my expectations . I agree with other reviewers who can not get this toy to work effectively even with fresh batteries . My daughter tried for 30 minutes to get it to work , and was thrilled when one or two butterflies would finally flitter out of the elephant trunk . For the money this toy needs some serious modifications to make it a more reliable unit , and therefore worth spending my hard earned money . Also my child has better things to do than wait on a poorly designed game to work .
 i thought my kids would love this toy , they are 2 & 5 years old.but the air that comes out when the game is turned on , isnt strong enough to shoot the butterflies out very well , and we did buy new batteries for this.out of all the butterflies only about 6 will actually make it out of the trunk for the kids to catch.sounds like a fun game , but i would not recommend this toy to anyone .
 We gave this to my daughter for Christmas last year and she loved the idea of it . She loves to catch anything in a net , ie
 My mom bought THREE of these , the others did not work right . . you have to wait a long time for the butterflies to come out of the trunk . . it is a little dissappointing because it they do not come out . The fan is not strong enought to push the butterflies out . At the end my mom returned all of them .
 I think the idea of this toy is great . There are multiple problems , however . First of all , be prepared to spend a lot of money on batteries , because it uses them up incredibly quick . Second , the fun to work ratio is about 10 seconds to three minutes . The butterflies fly out so quick that you 'll find yourself setting it up again before you even realized that it had started . Also , my kids are 5 and 3 and very rarely were they able to actually catch a butterfly in their net . Third , it seems to have a design flaw in that I had to trim the trunk by about 30 % in order for the motor to have enough strength to shoot all the butterflies out . Fourth , the nets themselves are very cheaply made and had to be `` fixed '' way too many times . Overall , I would say this toy was a little bit of fun , a whole lot of work , and way too much money wasted . We received ours as a Christmas present in 2003 , and it 's going out with the trash this week , November 2004 .
 I bought this toy for my four year old daughter and 21/2 year old twin daughters , For what this game cost it should have been made more durable . This game is made so cheap that the nets break easy and the butterflies are made of paper . My kids were so excited to play this and once we set it up , they lost interest fast . the trunk is to long and weak so it does n't really work that great . I think if they made it so it plugged in rather then using batteries it would have had more power . it looks a lot more fun on tv that is for sure . It is just a toy that will be packed away and not used any more . I will be writing to the company and telling them how unhappy I was with their product .
 I am mother of two kids one 7 and 31/2 . They asked Santa to bring this for Christmas . I was very disappointed right from the start with the poor quality of the fan . It does not have enough power after 3 or 4 rounds of playing . The kids had a lot of fun at first but were upset when the butterflies would not come out anymore . Of course this was returned much to the upsetment and disapointment of the kids . My sister-in-law also bought this for her kids same age as mine for Chirstmas and will be returning it also because of same complaints !!!
 We are returning the game . We followed the directions but themotor is not powerful enough to blow the butterflies out of the trunk . Some of the butterflies did not come out .
 My kids had been asking for this game forever ! I finally decided to buy it and was very disappointed . The fan did n't work for very long . I even changed the batteries a couple of times . The butterflies had trouble making it to the top of the elephants trunk . More irritating then fun ! It just sits in the closet .
 I bought ELEFUN for my son this past Christmas and I am really disappointed . The `` butterflies '' that are supposed to come out of the snout do n't come out . The fan that pushes them up is not strong enough ; they just sit at the bottom . What a waste of money .
 This game is cute , silly , and perfect for toddlers . The bad news is that the butterflies only blow out if the batteries are brand new . After two or three rounds , the fan slows and no longer blows out the butterflies well , sending out maybe one or two every couple of minutes . When the batteries are first put in , it 's a lot of fun . Half an hour later , it 's no fun at all . I am returning this game . There are plenty of other cute . silly toddler games out there which do not require fresh batteries every day , such as Crocodile Dentist .
 This toy is just awful . I bought this for my daughter for Christmas , and she was so excited . So I put it all together and turned it on ... and nothing . The butterflies blow around inside the elephant , but they do not come out of the trunk . Thinking it was just a dud , I exchanged it . New Elefun but still the same problem . So if your child enjoys standing around holding a net for 10 minutes waiting for butterflies to come out of the trunk , this game is for you . Otherwise , I 'd save your money .
 My son received this as a gift . First , we had to help our child get the trunk to stand up so the things would blow out . Second , it worked a few times and then seemed to lose it 's `` umph '' . So , I changed the batteries . That did n't help , though . Pretty soon the fan stopped working enough to blow the pieces out of the trunk . My child was so disappointed I had to start `` manually '' throwing the pieces in the air so he could catch them with the net . This toy quickly was `` out of sight-out of mind '' and into the trash .
 My 3 year old received this as a gift and loved it ... the first couple times . By the 3rd or 4th time it was played , the tall sleeve -LRB- elephant 's nose -RRB- had a split seam causing the fan to lose its force and the butterflies were no longer blowing out the top . Very disappointing . We tried to fix it and ultimately threw it away ! It 's a great idea ; it just needs to be made of stronger material .
 This toy is a pain in the neck.I thought it looked cute and may be fun for my twins . The `` butterflies '' all come out very quickly and mostly all over the floor . It takes a few seconds for the fun to be over . SO ... . it 's reset and restart every 30 seconds or so.That is frustrating for the parent and the kids . The quality of this product could be better , as could the execution -LRB- timed releases of the butterflies perhaps -RRB- . I found it very annoying personally . The kids did n't really enjoy it after the first 2-3 resets .
 I found an ELEFUN game at a garage sale about 6 years ago and had never heard of it before . My boys played and played with it . It seemed to eat up the batteries rather qickly but they absolutly loved it . After a couple of years the fan stopped working , but to our delight they started advertising it on tv so we bought a new one . The newer model was a real disappointment . The fan never really worked and the butterflies came out about one per minute if you hold the trunk open and tap the side - not what any of us had in mind . Sad that they have n't quite got it right yet - very fun when it worked !
 My daughter saw this advertised on TV and talked about it for a month . She finally received one for a gift , and I am very disappointed.In theory , you load it up with butterflies , switch it on , and the kids love running around catching them -LRB- `` or scooping them up off the ground '' according to the box -RRB- . In reality , the butterflies do not come out very well . As I sit here , the fan has been running for five minutes without a single butterfly emerging . We frequently shake him or nudge him to try to shake loose a butterfly . Best case scenario , 2/3 of the butterflies come out in a few minutes - the rest will * never * come out.The hassle factor on this toy is very high . It requires constant adult assistance to open its top and put the butterflies back in . When working -LRB- i.e. when butterflies actually come out without shaking and nudging -RRB- , you 've got two minutes between reloads.I will say that while the butterflies are coming out , my 3-year old daughter enjoys it very much . She can usually catch a few , though the butterflies do not get much height from the nose and drop quickly , often very close to or touching the trunk/tube . If I had bought this toy myself , I 'd return it . As it is , I estimate less than a week before it 's relegated to a Goodwill box .
 This is a very cute idea for a toy , and my young child was charmed as we took it out of the box . After we assembled the nets and inserted the batteries , we turned it on and just ... waited . Two butterflies came out , and the rest just swirled around inside the base of the toy . Very disappointing , and a waste of money . Buyer beware !
 ... that 's not the problem . Notice how it seemed to work the first few times , then the butterflies just stopped coming out ? It 's because once the plastic trunk gets wrinkled , it creates too much air disturbance and does not allow the butterflies an easy path out . A stronger fan might do it , or a wrinkle-free tubing . Oh well ... it was a good idea anyway .
 WE PURCHASED THIS GAME FOR CHRISTMAS . IT WAS ONE OF THE THINGS THAT MY DAUGHTER ASKED FOR REPEATEDLY . WE OPENED THE BOX AND PUT NEW BATTERIES IN IT AND IT BASCIALLY DID NOTHING . ONE BUTTERFLY WOULD COME OUT EVERY FEW MINUTES . I HAVE TO AGREE WITH SOME OF THE OTHER REVIEWS . THE FAN IN THIS IS NOT STRONG ENOUGH . IF THEY COULD MAKE THIS TOY WITH A STRONGER FAN THEN IT WOULD BE FINE .
 LOOKS LIKE A PRETTY FUN GAME ... IF THE BUTTERFLIES WOULD COME OUT . THE FAN IS SIMPLY NOT STRONG ENOUGH TO BLOW THE NYLON BUTTERFLIES UP THE TUBE . ONE OR TWO BUTTERFLIES COME OUT EVERY COUPLE OF MINUTES OR SO ... MY 3-YEAR-OLD GOT VERY BORED WITH THIS GAME WITHIN THE FIRST FEW MINUTES BECAUSE IT TAKES SO LONG . NOT WORTH THE MONEY . GREAT CONCEPT FOR A GAME , BUT NEEDS IMPROVEMENT FROM THE MANUFACTURER . WHAT A DISAPOINTMENT FOR CHRISTMAS MORNING .
 This toy is a great concept , but unfortunately the fan is underpowered to do the job . We have tried several times with new batteries , but it never blows out more than half of the butterflies . I was very excited to play this with my daughter on Christmas morning , unfortunately it was a big letdown .
 I just got this toy for my 2 year old and it was a BIG let down !!! It takes the butterflies like 10 min . to come out one at a time !!! It was not worth the -LRB- ... -RRB- dollars I spent !!
 the butterflies continualy get stuck in the elephant . Within the first few seconds , about half of the butterflies come out . It is actually fun , and , as one of the other reviewers said , it is harder to catch the butterflies than it looks . After that half comes out , we just sit there and wait . The butterflies do n't come out . I 've tried shaking the elephant to `` unstick '' some of the butterflies . That may produce an additional 1-2 butterflies . . nothing more . I may try cutting the trunk to see if that helps . Again , it is a really fun game which my 21/2 year old loves , but it does n't work for long .
 Of course what I expected was a toy that worked properly.My daughter was so excited to get this game . Unfortunately it works very poorly . The air pressure to hold the trunk up is terrible . My 5 year old is of course too short to stand the trunk up herself , so I am constantly up and down standing the trunk up during her game play.The butterflies shoot out in a big poof when its first started , a child can only catch one at a time . Then after the first initial poof one single butterfly will shoot out about every 5 minutes . My daughter has literally went to her room to play or do something else and says `` Mommy call me when another butterfly is ready to come out `` And with these large delays in butterflies , you are left to believe they are all out and you can begin another round over again , but then you open it up to put the other butterflies back only to find that over half of the butterflies are still inside.I definitely would not reccomend this game to anyone .
 This game would have been more fun if there were about 100 more butterflies . The butterflies come out for about 5 seconds and then you have to reload . The batteries have to be brand new to generate enough power to blow out the butterflies too . I returned mine and got `` Pop Up Pirates '' which is more fun .
 My 2 year old son loved this toy , but after a few days the butterflies would n't blow out of the truck . It became frustrating not only for my son , but for my husband and I. I finally trashed it after a few weeks . Do n't buy this toy its junk !
 The premise behind this toy is perfect . Catching butterflies coming out of an elephants trunk . Which kid would n't love it ! However this toy is awful . The butterflys get stuck easily in the body . The trunk never fully extends so at times the butterflies get trapped . The motor is no where near powerful enough to blow out the butterflies . I could put up with having to refill it every couple of minutes and replace the batteries often if it worked , but it does n't . It just becomes frustrating and the kids get disappointed .
 I bought this several years ago when it first came out , it was in the trash a couple weeks later ... The game does n't let the butterflies come out consistantly . I found myself sitting with my then 2 year old unfolding butterflies because that is the only way I could get a few to fly out for her . She enjoyed it but I just could n't stand it anymore ! For the couple of butterflies that would pop out and the 10 minutes it took to unfold them all and then trying to keep the nets on the net handle this was too much of a hassle .
 Butterflies do n't all come out -LRB- static cling ? -RRB- ; takes more than 5 minutes for all of them that do want to come out to do so -LRB- that 's about 5 butterflies per minute -RRB- . My toddler is extremely patient , but this is beyond his limit . He loves the box , though ...
 I had put this on the wish list for my girls -LRB- 5 & 31/2 -RRB- for christmas and they got it . I was so excited and so were the girls . After playing with it at the in-laws -LRB- to get it to work -RRB- only about 2 butterfly 's came out . But luckly my girls were VERY patient with this game . So tried to shake it - used some static guard on the pieces - nothing worked so we put it back in the box until we returned home -LRB- traveled for x-mas -RRB- as there were alot of other distractions . Again - tried it at home thinking maybe it was just too dry thus the sticking of the butterfly - still no better at home . Had not read the reviews about cutting -LRB- not that I would have -RRB- - instead took it back to the store and got a different game all together . The girls were a little disappointed but they got over it when we got the Light Brite cube they both could play with and it worked !! It seems like a great idea but the motor needs to be stronger - the pieces made out of a material that does not stick to everything when the air is dry -LRB- static cling ! -RRB- and maybe a shorter trunk.I would not waste time or money on this - if looking for a better preschool game - try Duck Duck Goose - my kids love that -LRB- also from x-mas wish list ! -RRB-
 I , like so many reviewers , was baffled and frustrated by how veeeerrrry slowly the butterflies exited the trunk , so I cut off about 6 inches of trunk . Also , 1/3 of the butterflies consistantly got trapped inside , so I cut two paper plates in half and made a direct tunnel for the butterflies to come out of since they were getting stuck on all the nooks and crannies inside . This helped considerably , but presented a new problem . Now the butterflies are out in under 10 seconds . And you have to stand right up next to the trunk to even hope to catch any , as they fall quickly to the ground . I had to sit on the floor to hope to catch any , and forget my 3.5 year old actually being able to catch any they fall so fast.So , 30 seconds to reset , and 10 seconds of play . How ridiculous ! Could stand about 3X the number of butterflies , and made out a lighter fabric -LSB- perhaps even the same fabric as the nets -RSB- so they 'd actually stay airbourne for a second or 2 and the children the game is made for -LSB- 3-6 years old -RSB- could actually catch some.I 'll most likely buy some light mesh fabric , and make my own butterflies , since my son so wants to play this dud of a game . -- He loves elephants .
 My daughters were very excited over this game only to be very disappointed . It was great fun for the first 5 minutes for them . After that the batteries were so weak the trunk would not stand up much less any butterflies come out ot it . Even when the batteries were first put in , it took way too long for any butterflies to come out . The motor is not strong enough and the batteries do not last for more than a few minutes . This game , although a good idea , needs some work .
 If the toy was well made , it could be fun , but after being played only a few times , -LRB- 4 -RRB- , it broke down . -LSB- ... -RSB- You can afford to market higher quality than this !
 My 3 year old has fun with the game -LRB- we 've only had it a day -RRB- , however , it requires so much effort to play ! You have to manually lift the trunk each time and she is not nearly tall enough to do it . The butterflies fly out in less than 20 seconds . They come out almost all at the same time . It 's nearly impossible to catch more than one or two . Then you have to turn it off , take off the head , gather the buttflies and put them in , turn it on , lift the trunk and repeat the whole process ! I 'm taking it back tomorrow .
 This toy was giving a review on a parents website as being good for a children with special needs . I disagree . I work with special education . This toy does n't work well . When it does work children with special needs have a hard time catching the butterflies intime , before they hit the floor . I do not recommend it for children with special needs nor do I recommend it at all .
 My 2-year-old received this toy as a gift . Immediately , I loved the idea , having never seen this toy before . However , the butterflies exit the trunk at the rate of about 1 per minute ! After a while , they stop coming out altogether , even though there are many left . Ah well . I feel worse for the giver than the recipient
 You spend far more time setting this game up , and trying to get the butterflies to come out , straightening the trunk , etc. , than you do playing . The concept is good , but I would rather have paid more for a little better quality . This spends most of the time on the shelf ... eventually I 'll throw it out .
 Even brand new batteries wo n't make this toy operate as advertised . The motor is too weak to make the butterflies exit the toy . My 3 year old son was terribly disappointed and grew bored waiting for butterflies to pop out . Do n't waste your money on this toy .
 This would be great -- if all the butterflies came up and out ! They stick in the trunk due to static electricity , and some do n't even make it out of the `` body '' of the elephant . My daughter gets quite frustrated because we keep having to shake the elephant 's trunk and `` reload '' the butterflies . I 've even tried lightly spraying the butterflies with static guard -- they still `` stick '' .
 My 5 yr old daughter wanted this game very badly ... so we got it for her . The fan was not powerful enough to lift the butterflies out of the trunk at all . We could not get it to work . We took the long trunk off and then some butterflies would come out but not all of them and the motor would not lift them very far . They would just land on the carpet and there was no need to use the enclosed nets to catch the butterflies . Needless to say , my 5 yr old daughter was very upset that it would not work and we took it back for a full refund.Sadly , I would not recommend this game to anyone as it does not work as advertised on tv . The power of the fan in the elephant 's trunk is not enough to get the butterflies shooting out of the trunk as shown on tv .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- I bought this game to use at my daughter 's 6th birthday party . BIG mistake ! Luckily I put new batteries in the game and tested it with my other daughter -LRB- age 5 -RRB- before the party . The fan is NOT strong enough to blow the paper thin butterflies up the elephant 's trunk . The trunk does not stay inflated all the way . I found that I had to hold it up and open in order to let one lonely butterfly finally fly up the trunk after a few minutes . I am a pretty patient person , however , I did not think the same would be true for a group of 5 and 6 year olds . Even my daughter told me to take it back to the store . I took her advice and returned it ! Very disappointing ! The picture on the box is very disceiving ! Save yourself the $ 20 , the hassle of a return , the expense of new batteries , and the disappointment from your kids !!!
 I bought this game for my daughter for her 2nd birthday in November . The butterflies would not come out of the elephants nose . The fan doesnt seem to be strong enough . Very disappointed we took it back . . It looked like so much fun on T.V. and she really wanted to play it . So I decied to give it another try and bought it for her again for Easter . Once again we were faced with the same problems . It takes about 5 minutes for 1 butterfly to come out and by that time she has lost all interest . I called Milton Bradley to complain and they just said they would send me a replacement . I dont really know what good that will do until they actually fix the mechanical problems !
 This game does n't work . The butterflies just swirl around inside the elephant and do NOT blow out of the trunk . I read the `` troubleshooting '' portion of the directions which state , `` stir the butterflies up if they do n't come out '' , but that does n't help . After the first 5 butterflies come out , the rest remain inside . Not too much fun . My kids were dissapointed , and so am I !
 Give your child a spoon or a net and set a bowl of rocks in front of them . Wait until the law of gravity expires and the rocks lift out of the bowl . Then catch the rocks.You would probably have more fun doing that than waiting for the butterflies to come out of the elephants trunk . It 's a nice idea , and would be fun if it worked . It needs a higher powered fan because it just does n't lift the butterflies out . We get maybe 3 or 4 butterflies out . As the box suggests `` if the butterflies get stuck in the trunk , turn the machine off and the game is over . '' Wow .
 This sure looked fun on TV ... my daughter wanted it so badly , so we went to a department store , it all up , and yes , the first 3 SECONDS were fun , after that , it was just us , staring at each other , waiting for the rest of the butterflies to come out . Only about 17-20 of the entire 30 butterflies come out , and having played it about 12 times already , never have the whole 30 come out . So the game ends faster , you have to shut it off , take it apart , reload . I would love to take it back , but my daughter still does n't have that sense of `` getting what you pay for '' , so we 'll have to settle for that fun 3 seconds . As far as durability , the trunk is easily collapsed , and the more you use it , the crinklier it gets , becoming even more prone to collapsing .
 This is a really cute idea - if it worked . The motor is not strong enough to blow the butterflies out of the trunk . I would not recommend this toy at all . It is a waste of your money .
 Like many of the reviewers here , I have to say that unless the makers redesign this toy , do not purchase it because , frankly , it does not work . Both my sister and I have this toy , and even with fresh batteries , one butterfly might eek out of the trunk . I even tried to cut the trunk off shorter , but that did n't help . The fan is simply NOT strong enough . I saw a commercial for this toy on tv today , in fact , and it infuriated me because TONS of butterflies are flying out everywhere with laughing children . That is NOT the picture at our house , believe me ! Very disappointing !
 We received this as a Christmas present last year , and my two girls , 3 and 5 , were very excited to play with it . It turned out to be very hard to catch the butterflies for them and their cousins , which frustrated them and took away from their enjoyment of the toy -LRB- you know how children love to win ! -RRB- . Also , the elephant 's trunk constantly gets clogged , and this requires CONSTANT help from the parents . On a positive note , if that does n't detract you , it is educational for a child 's hand-eye coordination skills . For our family , it became more hassle than fun , and we gave it to charity .
 Takes a while to work and then all the butterflies come out at once and this is usually when your todder lost interest and turned away so they miss the fun part . Worked for a while and then stopped working - seems like elephant is n't heavy enough to keep the button on the bottom working .
 Please do n't waste your money on this toy . I bought it for my daughter for her birthday , and we could never get the butterflies to come out of the trunk . This was even with brand new batteries and using Elefun on a hardwood floor . My daughter was so disappointed that she had to stand around for literally 10 minutes , waiting for butterflies that never came out . I tried to return Elefun to Toys R Us , but I was told that since it was an electronic item , I could only exchange it for the same item -LRB- What , exactly , makes it electronic ? Just because it uses batteries ?? -RRB- . The new Elefun did n't work any better than the old one and my daughter has n't touched it since . Do n't waste your money , and especially do n't waste it at Toys R us . Because when you end up being disappointed with Elefun , they wo n't let you return it .
 This toy would be much better if the fan was a bit more powerful , and it did n't need new batteries every time we play !
 The fan is not nearly strong enough to blow the `` butterflies '' . One might come out ... wait 3-5 minutes ... one might come out ... one gets stuck ... you shake it ... one 's coming ! ... no its not . Do n't waste money and dissapoint the kids ... wait for an improved version . The comercial with the kids running around catching the flock of fluttering butterflies just does not happen .
 My 4 year old son got this toy for Christmas last year and it has sat on the shelf for the majority of time since . Great idea but they need to do some major improvements on the fan power to push the butterflies up the tube . We found the only way it worked was if we had brand new batteries and then it would lose power within minutes . Not too impressed , save your money !
 Our 4 year old son has this game . He loved it at first the butterflies coming out of the trunk but then if the trunk bends the butterflies dont come out and therefore you are always having to make sure the trunk is straight . Once its been used a couple of the times , even if you have put new batteries in , the butterflies dont come out . The batteries in our Elefun work , you can hear the fan , the trunk is straight but alas the butterflies dont come out . We have had this toy 6 months and my son told me to sell it at a garage sale but nobody bought it . When you take the top off the fan is exposed and little fingers can get down there so be careful . Not a good toy , doesnt work how it should and a waste of money .
 I bought this toy for a five year old . The only problem with this toy is the butterfies all come out in about 10 seconds and then you have to take off the trunk and put the butterflies back in . My grandaughter got tired of constantly picking up all the butterflies and reloading the trunk . This would be a really fun toy if the butterflies did n't come out so fast .
 We got this toy yesterday along with brand new bateries . My daughter used it a few times and today it barely pushes 5 buttlefies out . Get -LRB- ... -RRB- something else perhaps a couple of good books .
 Elefun simply does not work . The motor is very weak . It is not strong enough to blow the butterflies off the bottom . I bought 3 different ones and none of them worked . I called Hasbro and they sent me one , it does not work either .
 The commercials make this toy seem like it is the best one around . False advertising . The butterflies barely fly up through the trunk . The air does n't blow strong enough . I recommend trimming down the trunk so the butterflies do not have so far to go . I had ours barely a year and I threw it out .
 It would actually be a really fun game except that the `` butterflies '' do not blow out of the `` elephant '' . I thought the game was defective so I took it back to the store little did I know that the next one was the samething . It needs a stronger fan .
 The game is adorable only if it could work properly . My twins would wait anxiously for the butterflies but they hardly came out . It eats batteries like crazy . I kept changing batteries and cut the trunk shorter , still few butterflies , most stay inside . Finally I called the company , they sent me a new one . This one worked the same exact way , terrible . It is very frustrating to kids . I would n't waste money on it .
 This game is NOT worth $ 20 . My 3 year old and I stood around for 15-30 seconds between each `` butterfly '' . I am going to exchange it today ... dont waste your money .
 i was very disappointed with this game . the butterflies hardly flew out of the elephants truck . they got stuck on the inside .
 We received this as a gift . The first one did n't work at all . The second one works , and the kids love it , but it 's heavy parental involvement . The kids who would be interested in this are too young to screw off the elephant 's head in order to put the butterflies in and get the game started again and screw the head back on again . The game is over in less than 2 minutes , and then mom or dad must get involved to re-load the elephant . My daughter and her friends love it . They 're all around 4-5 . Also , you have to make absolutely sure that the elephant 's trunk extends all the way up in the air in order for the butterflies to fly out . The kids are all too short to do this , so guess who has to help ? In addition , the motor seems to be going bad on this second one ; I do n't think it will last . It 's only one week old .
 Althought this game appears to shoot out dozens of butterflies every second , we were lucky if we got a dozen to come out at all . This game eats up batteries like no tomorrow . It is worth about a dollar since you will have to replace the batteries everyother time you use it . It is not worth buying since your kids will be sooo disappointed the first time .
 The game is a really great concept however , there is much the consumer should be warned about before the purchase is made . The nets are not put together and the assembly is far from easy . I actually broke one of them attempting to get it together . Also , the game comes with little paper butterflies that are supposed to spray out of the trunk when the game is turned on . The game I purchased blows out about half of the butterflies and the rest just shuffle around inside the elephants trunk and will not come out at all . My four year old was so excited when she got this game but now she does n't even play with it anymore because it frustrates her so much . For the price of the product and coming from a well known manufacturer such as Hasbro , I expected a little more satisfaction . I do not recommend this product !
 I thought this toy would be great to help toddlers with hand/eye co-ordination but it just did n't work right . The air was n't strong enough to blow those lite butterflies out , I had to constantly shake the trunk and only 1-4 flew out . This toy was made badly .
 My four year old twins like this game , however it takes really fresh , good quality batteries to even get the butterflies out . Also , the butterflies fly out in about 15 seconds and then you have to refill it and that takes a couple of minutes . This toy need constant supervision until you teach the kids how to refill it . Pretty dissapointing considering the upper end price .
 I bought this game last year for my 3 an 4 year olds . The trunk on the elephant is flimsy and must be constantly adjusted during the game in order for it to work correctly . the butterflies will only come out if the are flattened so that the air will hit them and unfortunately all of ours seemed to be crumpled and creased . It does not work well on carpet and the butterflies do n't fly out of the top hard enough so everyone crowds around the truck to get the next one before it falls to the ground . Frustrating ! Disappointing . Buy Hi HO Cheerio instead !
 we recieved this as a gift , and I just got rid of it . I would not buy it for myself or anyone else . It looks so fun , but is disapointing . We tried two different sets of brand new battries , then realized it was just a weak toy . I had to stand up the elephant trunk with my hands -LRB- while it was running -RRB- then all of the butterflies come out at once , then if there are any stragglers in the elephant trunk it does n't have enough blowing power to shoot them out , they just spin around inside . So the kids really have only one shot to catch any butterflies . My kids really like to play with it , but it is frustaring when I have to turn it off , take the trunk off , and re-load the butterflies every five seconds .
 My kids -LRB- age 3 and 5 -RRB- saw this advertised on TV and asked for it for Christmas , so we got it for them . It 's a cute idea , and it might be fun - if it worked the way it 's intended . The little butterflys simply do NOT blow up the trunk the way they should . There must be 3 dozen , and the directions indicate that they should all be out in about 2 minutes - after about 5 minutes , and only two butterflys , my kids got really frustrated and started crying . One would naturally suspect weak batteries , but I was using a brand new package of Energizers . I changed them anyway , just to be sure - no luck . I think the fan is underpowered , or else the butterflys are two heavy , trunk too long , etc. . Basically a bad design that needed more testing before being released to market.Two thumbs downs .
 You have to purchase alot of batteries for this game and they did n't provide enough butterflies . The game is over in three seconds and it takes longer to reload the butterflies .
 I bought this toy as a gift for my 2 year old son who loves sports and anything that requires a bat , raquet , net or stick to play . Even though it is not recommended for his age group , I found that it does n't really matter since we ca n't get the thing to work properly !! The fan inside the toy is n't powerful enough to inflate the elephant 's trunk , nevermind blow the butterflies up high enough to come out ! We were extemely disappointed with this purchase , and ca n't return it since the box was destroyed by my son in a fit of anger ! Do n't waste your money !!
 My 4-year-old son liked this toy a lot , but I finally put it away after the fourth set of batteries . It was good for less than 1 hour of play for each set of batteries - CRAZY !!!
 My daughter really wanted this after she saw it in the store so I got it for her birthday . It 's a great concept -- if it actually worked the way it 's supposed to . She actually has fun with it when we can get the stupid butterflies to come out . The instructions claim they designed it so the majority of the butterflies would come out within two minutes . Well , as I write this , the thing has been running for five minutes straight and has shot out exactly six of the 25 butterflies inside . I can hear the rest swirling around in there , doing nothing . Milton Bradley needs to up the power of the fan and include more butterflies . Also , the nets need to be deeper . They are very shallow and when my daughter moves quickly to catch another one , all the ones she 's already caught pop out of the net !
 Hey Hasbro , Elefun ... oh , we had Elefun playing with this thing . :-LRB- Trying to swap out batteries because we thought it was weak , then finding out the butterflies were being snagged on the inside of the elephant too . I even tried to adjust the flow by adding a funnel via paper . Output was just as good as the outcome . TERRIBLE.Thanks for working on making 14 different versions of Monopoly instead of working on your other games.I understand that you 're there to make money and Monopoly is one of your cash cows , but by all means , stop releasing crap and just be known as the company that has two things . 23098423 versions of Monopoly and 3497583 versions of Mr. Potato head . < / 3Us .
 You turn this on and a few butterflies pop out of the trunk but then the rest just sit in the base and and swirl around . So sad considering this was a birthday gift !! We will be returning this for her to pick out another present !
 I purchased Elefun for my young niece for her upcoming birthday . Thank goodness I opened the game and put it together to see how it works . I was completely disappointed because the fan power was only enough to send one or two butterflies out of the trunk at a time , -LRB- with lots of time between -RRB- if at all . The fan power was not nearly enough to send a burst of butterflies out of the trunk as shown in the pictures on the product box . I feel this product was misrepresented and I would have been embarrassed if my niece had opened it for her birthday . Save your money and buy something else , this game is a huge disappointment .
 This is like a kids version of 52 card pickup , except the cards are small nylon butterflies . And there seems to be a lot more than 52 ! The concept is cool . The elephant is to blow these little butterflies out of its trunk and into the air -LSB- insert booger jokes here -RSB- . The box implies that they will lazily float down and give kids plenty of chances to catch them with nets.The problem is , the butterflies drop like rocks . My girls think this game is a `` clean up '' game , which is not far from the truth.Leaves lots of annoying clutter for both kids and parents to pick up . Looks like a party game . Not much fun.The cat likes to play with the butterflies , though . And , they 're very swallowable . Beware for toddlers !
 This looked so cute and my kids laughed when they saw it on tv so I decided to get it and returned it the same day . The fan barely pushes out the butterflies and 10 shoot out the first minute followed by nothing ! My kids were bored and annoyed after only a few minutes of this game . Save your money and do not buy it and if you do , wait for it to get clearanced . I saw so many people buying it for Xmas and wanted to tell them not to get it . It must have gone past me in carts 5 times . Live & Learn , right ?
 My son just had to have this game for his birthday and we ca n't seem to get the butterflies out . We have tried several new batteries and following all the instruction by the manufacture . We were very disappointed .
 Despite some of the negative reviews , I picked up this toy since it seemed like it would be so much fun ! We set it up on a laminate kitchen floor -LRB- flat , as suggested -RRB- . TWO ` butterflies ' came out while we stood around anxiously waiting with our ` nets ' !!!! Very disappointing ! There seemed to be no power at all , the rest of the butterflies just kept swirling around in the base , unable to make the ` journey ' up the trunk of this very cute elephant !
 This toy was the biggest waste of money and time that I ever spent . First of all the fan in the game is barely powerful enough to keep the elephants trunk up , second by the time butterfiles flew out of his trunk my kids were off doing other things . And finally , the paper the butterflies were made out of was not condusive to floating - so the butterfly would fly out of the trunk -LRB- 10 to 15 minutes later -RRB- and fall straight to the ground .
 My 3 yr old received this as a gift he was so excited , it worked fine the first day . Now , -LRB- day 3 -RRB- , it takes forever for the butterflies to come out . My nephew also received this as a gift many years ago at age 3 , unfortunately they have done nothing to improve it in 10 yrs .
 I bought this toy as a gift and was really disappointed to find out that the butterflies come out at a rate of about 1 per every one-three minutes !!! The kids were bored and wandered away before long .
 When I first turn it on my kids get all excited in anticipation of the butterflies coming out but the fun only lasts for a minute . After the first flurry of butterflies I have to constantly tap on the trunk to get a butterfly to come out . When I check to see if all the butterflies came out there is still a pile of them in there . It 's a cute game but the fun is shortlived .
 In between Blue 's Clues and Dora the explorer I see this commercial for Elefun . Looks great . REALITY , the nose is not good at staying up on its own and there are not that many `` butterflies '' . Pick a different game for your little one .
 In theory , what a cute game . In reality , very short lived excitement trying to catch a butterfly . If the elephant has brand new batteries , the fan will quickly blow out the butterflies . All of them in less than a minute . A parent then has to refill the elephant with butterflies and screw his trunk back on for another minute of play .
 Do NOT buy this game ! My daughter received one and another member of my family received one and it is the worst toy received since my daughter 's birth 4 years ago . The fan is not even powerful enough to inflate the trunk let alone blow anything out of it ! This is with new batteries too . You have to open up the trunk and wait for one butterfly to come out then wait two more minutes for another . The picture on the box is very deceiving .
 My daughter was so excited to get this game and then we set it up -LRB- with 2 different brand new sets of batteries -RRB- and it wo n't blow the butterflies out . The fan is way too weak !
 We bought this game last easter as a gift for our 3 yr . old . The game looked so much fun and we were so excited . It blew the butterflies out one time , then it never worked again . I runs on batteries and the motor sucks the batteries dry immediately . You have to tip the toy to get the butterflies to come out and the box even advises that you `` fluff '' the butterflies up every so often to make sure they come out . We have done everything we can think of to get this toy to work . Eventually , our little girl just plays w / the butterfly nets to do other things ... . Everyone I have talked to has had the same issues w / this toy as well . This toy is such a heartbreaker . Dont waste your money .
 Just bought this item today at Target . I bought 4 new batteries.There is n't enough power to push the butterflies out the trunk.My 4 year old is bored waiting for the butterflies to come out.I have read all the reviews and I have yet to cut off the plastictrunk -LRB- make it shorter -RRB- as I 'm thinking about taking this toy backto the store . I should n't have to modify it to get it to work.Don ' t buy this toy . The concept is great . The fan that blowsthe butterflies just does n't have enough power to make it worthwhile though .
 My 21/2 year old received this toy for Christmas last year . He loved it and had fun everytime we brought it out to play . Like others have mentioned , the butterflies do take a long time to come out of the trunk , but , my son did n't seem to mind too much . What bothers me about this toy is that after 6 months of occasional use , we pulled it out of the box to find that the fan motor was dead . This toy is a fun idea but has serious durability problems .
 My kids are 3 and 4 years old and they did n't have very much fun with Elefun . They actually got bored waiting for the butterflies . I had to tell them when one was coming so they 'd be ready for it . -LRB- You can see the shadow of a butterfly coming up the trunk . -RRB- This is a brand new toy with new batteries , so it must be that the fan is n't strong enough to push the butterflies out . It seems the butterflies just got stuck inside the trunk . My kids did n't like this toy at all .
 THE KIDS HAD SOME FUN AT CHRISTMAS WITH THIS TOY BUT IT SEEMS THE MOTOR THAT BLOWS OUT THE BUTTERFLIES IS NOT POWERFUL ENOUGH . THEY SOON SHOWED NO INTEREST AFTER WAITING ENDLESSLY FOR THE BUTTERFLIES .
 This was not much fun ... . There was not enough air pressure to even hold the trunk up . It was over in about five seconds . I would not have paid for this . It was a gift from my mom in law .
 The promise of this game is good . The reality of it is disappointing , as the hundreds of other reviews here will tell you . They 're all correct . Rarely does a toy underperform this badly and get away with it for so long . If you already own this toy , or you REALLY want to get it and have it work , I wrote an article on how to hack your Elefun to work the way it ought to : http://xenon.arcticus.com/elefun-hella-fun-hacking-your-elefun-ele-fun-and-profitNow my son and I greatly enjoy playing Elefun . I hope it helps other Elefun owners regain their joy .
 My review is that I accidentally placed a duplicate order.However all attempts to correct prior to shipping which an attempt was made immediately the merchandise was impossible to retrieve with your existing system . The duplicate order was shipped to my winter address which was unoccupied therefore no one in attendance to receive any parcels . Merchandise remained outdoor exposed to the elements of a winter New York . Therefore the merchandise was disposed of , but paid for , upon my return to New York . Consequently , I will no longer recommend or consider Amazon a friendly source of internet shopping
 I read the other reviews and I was surprised that most seem to like it . My biggest issue was that the game played very quickly . It took too much time to get it ready for the next round of play than it takes to actually play . The premise for this game is great . But they need many more butterflies and a maybe a way to set it up more quickly . It was really frustrating . I never take back toys that were used , but I took this back and my kids did not miss it .
 Oh my God ; I 've never had to put so much effort into having fun ! The motor is sooooooooooo slow . My son 's hands were tired waiting for the butterflies to finally fly out.It 's ridiculous that a toy like this would sell for so much money.Don ' t buy it . Or keep the packaging so you can return it the next day which is what I 'm going to do right now .
 Elefun was returned because of it 's poor performance . There is a fan inside the unit which causes the `` butterflies '' to fly & it constantly overheats . After it cools down then you can reload all of the butterflies and see if it will work again . The `` fun '' is over quickly as it shoots the butterflies out all at once .
 I gave this gift to my kids for there bithday.They were very happy to get it as we had seen it on tv many times.But when we turned it on the butterflies came out very slow one at a time two if we were lucky.there is not enough power blowing the butterflies out . My kids aged 4 and 6 were disapointed.And we used new batteries.This would be a great toy if the butterflies were faster Kids loose intrest to fast
 When we first turned on this toy , some of the butterflies came out a few at a time -- just the way it was supposed to work , and the kids -LRB- ages 3 - 6 -RRB- had fun . But very soon the fan did not have enough power to send the butterflies out . Not one . If you want to change batteries every 15 minutes -LRB- 4 C-sized -RRB- it might be ok ... I would like to return it . It 's just not a good toy .
 My boys have been very excited in anticipation for this game . However , that was the best part . Because , when we started playing we quickly found out that this game has several issues . The biggest problem is that it simply does not blow hard enough to get the butterflies out . It takes alot of shaking the elephant to get any butterflies out and then they come out in clumps . They had to test this thing and seems they would have seen it needed more power . Well , I guess it 's good news for ebay ... because this will find it 's way there pretty soon .
 We bought this for our four year old daughter and she literally laughs histerically when she plays it . But the problem is that th motor is not that strong unless you have brand new batteries in it . After they have been used a few times , the motor cuts out . Also , you have to make sure you have it on a hard surface as the bottom being pressed is what makes the motor blow up the feathers . I really think they could have done a better job with this .
 I bought this item as a birthday gift and game to play at my daughters 6th birthday party . It was a HUGE waste of money . Like previous reviewers pointed out , the fan barely keeps the trunk up , and after about 10 minutes of running the butterflies were n't even flying out anymore , instead just twirling around in the trunk . The 12 girls at her party got bored of this game very quickly and I returned it the next day.Jamie ~ Mom of 4
 Luckily , I did not shell out any money for this toy . I won this in a contest along with several other -LRB- better -RRB- Hasbro toys . My daughter was in love with the commercial so I was very excited to get a such a ` great ' game.The butterflies take forever to come out and they are not propelled nearly as far into the air as the commercial leads you to believe . In an effort to shorten the amount of time it took for them to come out , we cut several inches off of the trunk , howvere it did not help as much as I had hoped it would.For those who commented on the butterflies -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- we are planning on taking petals off of some of the fake flowers we have around the house if my daughter chooses to play with this toy again .
 My kids really enjoy it when the butterflies come out . Problem is that lasts about 2 seconds . Unlike the game leads you to believe , the `` butterflies '' do not float around in the air for very long . As they say `` What goes up must come down '' . So if you want to sit there and reload the butterflies -LRB- 3 year olds would have a hard time doing it themselves -RRB- every two seconds , go ahead and buy it .
 There is not enough air flow to push the butterflies out of the trunk . Also , the nets for catching the butterflies are very flimsy . Even with new batteries , twice , there was not enough air flow .
 this toy is pretty boring , it takes longer to put the butterflies in the elephant , but the top back on , and then collect the butterflies again after it has blown them out . i think the blowing out of the butterflies happens way too fast , by the time the kids get into the game , the butterflies have all been blow out and it is time to collect them again and begin again.my kids have more fun playing with the nets sans elephant and butterflies
 The game is a good idea but has too many problems . The fan is too weak to blow the butterflies out of the trunk and it goes through batteries too fast . We tried cutting the trunk like some of the other reviews said . It worked a little better but still not worth it . The nets keep coming apart and need to be put back together also .
 While my 3yr old son does like this , it takes a lot of assistance from parents . We have to hold up the trunk to get it started , and then reload the butterflies and start all over again . Ours shoots out butterflies too quickly . I was hoping that the butterflies would glide gently to the ground , but they fall rather fast . My son goes after one , and 2 seconds later there are 20 butterflies already on the ground . I was also hoping that the butterflies would spread out a little more . . Our ELefun shoots butterflies straight up and the butterflies fall straight down landing within inches of the base unit . The game is over within about 5 seconds ! I am concerned about the batteries , too .
 My son received this gift for his third birthday . He loves it , but only because if he turns it on without the trunk attached , the nylon `` butterflies '' fly out all over the room . The battery-operated fan is not strong enough to push the butterflies through the trunk attachment and the nets started to rip apart after just a couple of uses .
 My daughter wanted this so badly , and she got to play it twice , and the static electricity built up inside so the butterflies would no longer fly out . I returned it for a full refund . Do n't waste your money , it 's crap .
 My 2 year old daughter had a lot of fun with this game , but it seems like the motor is n't strong enough , it worked perfect for a couple days with brand name batteries but after that it was n't strong enough to blow the `` butterflies '' out of the trunk .
 My 4-year-old son and 2-year-old daughter get bored waiting for the butterflies to come out . One may come out every few minutes.I first purchased the toy for my niece and the mother told me that the butterflies would n't come out . I purchased it anyway for my kids , thinking that the parents did n't use the toy properly.I finally called the manufacturer and they replaced the toy , but the new one had the same exact problem.They toy is a great concept , but it is no fun if the butterflies wo n't come out .
 My son wanted this game really badly . So , he got it for his birthday and it seemed to entertain him for maybe 15 minutes . On the commercial it looks like a lot of fun with the butterflies flying everywhere . Well , when you get your game home and start to play you can go to the kitchen and get yourself a drink and you probably still wo n't miss a butterfly . The pressure is poor and the butterflies come out 1 every 5 minutes . This game is a big disappointment .
 This is the poorest excuse for a toy I have ever seen . The commercial shows a continous fountain of butterflies overflowing from the elefant 's trunk . The reality is you are given barely a handful of these butterflies -LRB- very thin , plastic/paper texture -RRB- Once you put them in and turn the game on -LRB- really just a very low low volume fan -RRB- The butterflies barely trickle out and they are all gone in about 10 seconds . The butterflies are so few and far between that my husband and I can barely catch them , let alone our daughter . It takes longer to put your net down , gather up the butterflies , but them in the elephant , put the nose back on , straighten the trunk and then flip the switch than it takes for the butterflies to come flying out . It is much more of a nuisance than it is fun . I wish I would have saved the box and receipt for return . Please do n't buy this toy , it is not worth the money at all .
 This was asked for by our three boys 7,4,1 , -LRB- a game they can all enjoy together -RRB- , and was a big disapointment . One butterfly would slowly come up and out every minute -LRB- or longer . . -RRB- , if at all . We tried several sets of new batteries and it just seems the fan is not strong enough . It would have been a fun game if it had worked at all . It might be worth a try to see if you get one of the good ones . Hopefully the company will improve this game soon .
 This purchase was the worst . The fan does not blow enough to blow up the trunk or move the butterflies . The kids ages 3 & 5 lost interest real fast . What a waste of money . Would not recommend for any age .
 The idea of the toy is great , but this toy is terrible . You have to buy the most expensive batteries available -LRB- about $ 7 in batteries -RRB- and then the toy works bad at best . The fan only blows a few butterflies out at a time and most did n't come out at all . This game needs a plug to get energy from a wall socket to make it work . I would love to return this hunk of junk , but not sure the store will take it back after I 've assembled all the nets etc ... This toy was a HUGE disappointment for the kids and parents as well . Save your money and throw paper in the air ... I tried to take the toy to a consigment store and they would n't take it ! Goodwill here we come !
 This is a terrible toy , most of the butterflies do not come out of the elephants snout , they get stuck , and when the occasional one does escape , it does n't float long enough for a younger child to actually grab it .
 Elefun is a simple game that requires no special setup and no special strategy . It is a somewhat physical game involving the catching of butterflies in a small net . These vinyl butterflies are placed in the base , the trunk is attached , the motor is turned on , and the butterflies slowly release from Elefun . The person who catches the most is the winner . It is a game that can be learned instantly and can be used to provide some quick entertainment when children are getting restless.Elefun offers some good points that make it a hit with most children ; namely the action factor , which encourages children to physically compete as they scramble with their nets in hand , trying to catch as many butterflies as possible to win the game . But other than this , Elefun is n't as much fun as its name suggests . First , the action factor is actually a little on the slow side . I can agree that a gradual release of the butterflies from Elefun 's trunk is a good idea , but the problem is the amount of time it takes for the trunk to expand and the slowness of the release of the vinyl butterflies . The motor is too weak to get the game going and some children will grow impatient having to wait.Another problem with Elefun is its tendency to eat up batteries . The game takes four batteries and they die quickly , mainly because the game is very brief and most children will want to play it again and again . If this happens , the batteries are not likely to last more than a few days . It is a little puzzling that four batteries would produce so little power and also die out so quickly , but this is exactly what happens . Then , there is the problem with the butterflies themselves . There are thirty of them , but no matter how they are placed in the base , Elefun does n't release them all . There are always a few butterflies left , stuck in the base . Their small size makes them easy to lose , too.Kids like action - oriented games and most children will like Elefun at first . But once they are forced to stand around , waiting for the butterflies to release and once they realize how quickly the batteries fail , they will grow frustrated with this game and push it aside in favor of more reliable entertainment . It could be improved with a few simple changes , but until that happens , do n't waste your time or money on Elefun .
 Well , my almost 3 yr olds like it but I 'm not thrilled with the operation . Much like other reviews we have found it only takes about 30 seconds to play and just as long if not longer to set up for the next round . Most of the time there are about half a dozen butterflies that just refuse to come out , they just spin inside the bottom of the trunk . Not one single time have all of them popped out . It 's definitely not a game you can just send your kids off to play . Plan on holding up the trunk and taking it off to reload every time . I think my kids have just as much fun cleaning up the butterflies and putting them back in the elephant as they do trying to catch them .
 This is the kind of toy I 'd wish I 'd gotten a smoking deal on . It 's not the worst game we have in the closet , but it was n't worth the $ 25 we paid for it.For starters , the butterflies do not fly very well once outside of the elephants trunk . The fan does n't blow very well , so there is n't much extra help to get those butterflies going , either . The butterflies just come out of the trunk and drop . So the kids just stand there - not like on the tv commercial ... Also , depending on the age of your children , they 're either going to be too good or not ready for the game . I have 4 kids plus their friends . And we 've found that there is n't a lot of middle ground . Either they 're great at this , or they have a lot to learn about catching butterflies ... So having the good kids and the bad kids play together causes problems . Beware of this.Anyway - if you read this review before buying , only buy this game if it 's a super good deal -LRB- or your child is dying to have it -RRB- It 's not worth the full price .
 The first time you run this game , it 's a big hit . It takes a minute or less -LRB- usually closer to 45 seconds -RRB- for all of the butterflies to come out of the trunk . I 've tried all kinds of methods to make this last longer but nothing works.Then you need to gather up the butterflies that were n't caught and get them out of the nets , reload the game & start again . It takes a while to get the game set up again and by that point , since the fun is so short-lived , I 've found that the kids do n't want to play it anymore.This game could be improved by having some kind of stop-start option that would allow the butterflies to come out in a more staggered manner if you wanted . I would also like to be able to purchase refill butterflies , since they have a tendency to stick to other things and get lost . I guess I 'll try to make something instead , as we have few butterflies left.Three of the nets have broken . The kids have used them as hats and as toys outside the realm of the Elephun game . the fabric of the nets is fine but the hoops have broken at the point where they would hook together . The kids have as much fun catching the butterflies with their hands -LRB- and it seems to be easier than using the nets -RRB- . The elephant itself is very durable and my kids had more fun using it to store other things , like sticking cards , checkers and small plush toys down the trunk . They were disappointed when the elephant did n't blast these out ; -RRB-
 My 5 year old received this for Christmas . The first couple of go rounds , it was fun and worked properly . After that , the motor just seemed to lose the ability to work hard enough to move the butterflies out of the trunk . Even with new , fresh batteries.My girls still enjoy playing with the nets trying to catch real bugs out in the backyard but other than that , it sits unused in her room .
 I got this for my daughter for Christmas . It just does n't have a strong enough fan built in to blow the very light butterflies up the four feet trunk and out . She loves the idea of the game but gets fustrated cause the butterflies ca n't make the travel up the trunk . This is not recommended . Nice concept but they need to improve the strength of the fan .
 this toy has the potential to be a lot of fun for the whole family and kids of all ages . However , we used the alkaline batteries as the intructions suggested , but the fan just does n't seem to be strong enough to keep the game moving at a good pace . it may start with several butterflies coming out at once , but then you may have to wait a while for more to come out . My 3 yr old loved it but other family members grew tired of waiting between times when butterflys did n't come out . If the manufacturer would remedy that flaw it would really be a fun game for everyone ! And really teaches hand/eye coordination .
 Every year the kids get a bunch of toys , most of which work pretty well , and others that do n't . However , I hold a special place in my heart for those toys that we never even have a chance to play with because major pieces are missing when we open the box . I bought this toy for my daughter several weeks before Christmas but unfortunately I did n't find out until Christmas morning that two very important components were missing , the nets and butterflies . I bought it new , from this site , so I 'm sure it was n't a returned item . In fact , it still had the factory seal on it . Seems to me that Hasbro may have some sort of quality control issue that you should look out for if you plan to buy this toy .
 I bought this toy for my three year old and for my three daycare children.We played it the first day and it worked great and they absolutely loved it.However , and this is the bad thing , unless you are willing to put out the money for new batteries each and every time you use it , then do n't buy it . The batteries seem wear down after just a half hour of use . I would recomend rechargeable batteries for this toy . I was very disapointed .
 My son had wanted this toy because the commercial makes it look fun . Well they should call this Ele `` no '' fun because it does not work . The butterflies do not come out no matter what-even with brand new batteries . And the fabric for the nets , and the nets themselves are incredibly flimsy . Save your money and save your child from disappointment by not buying this toy .
 This toy does not work well , even with fresh batteries . The butterflies are supposed to come out in 2 minutes or less , but it takes many , many minutes for just a few butterflies to come out . They often get stuck in the elephant and the motor is not strong enough to push them out .
 Only works well when the batteries are brand new . Just after playing for less than an hour the batteries dont propelled the fan with enough speed to make the butterflies go up . I had to cut the trump in half to mafe it more playable . If i had live in the USA I would have return it the same day . Unlucky me !!!
 The trunk will not stay up ... so one of my kids has to hold the trunk while the other 3 try and catch the `` butterflies '' . The fan is n't powerful enough to actually blow them out and the nets wo n't stay together to catch a butterfly if it ever DID come out of his trunk . I hate this toy . . it was a waste of money and now it 's taking up space in his closet.Don ' t buy it !
 Do n't waste your time or money !!!! My 3 year old recieved this for christmas . I used brand new batteries , alkaline like they recommended . The following two reviews are a joke -LRB- does milton bradley pay people to write good reviews ????? -RRB- . When you turn elefun on a few butterflies come out after about 30 seconds then we waited , like the instructions say , another 30 seconds , another butterfly , about 20 seconds later 1 more and about another 30 seconds later 1 more and that was it . We waited and waited . I tried to shut it off and start over again . we waited about 3 minutes , -LRB- mixed up the butterflies as what the instructions said if butterflies do n't come out -RRB- and nothing came out , I tapped the side and 1 butterfly came out ... woo hoo . Then we tried it again a little later and no go . It kept blowing and nothing came out . F - rating 0
 Wish I 'd read the reviews first ! When it did n't work I went here to see what I could do . We have rechargeable batteries , but I had n't `` fluffed '' the butterflies . It works a little better . If you take tissue paper cut the same size as the butterflies and twist it in the middle they seem to work just as well as the regular butterflies . They are a little lighter too . Still probably wo n't be a popular toy in our house . My son who desperately wanted it is already outside playing .
 THIS GAME WAS A WASTE OF TIME BUYING . IT BLOWS NO BUTTERFLYS MOTOR SUCKS AND WHEN IT DID IT WAS LIKE 3 EVERY 60 SEC . WE TOOK THIS GAME BACK . THIS GAME IS THUMBS DOWN.THE KIDS WERE SO SO SAD AT THIS GAME .
 I bought this toy for my daughter who stated it was the only thing she wanted for her birthday . It was fun the two times that we played , but on the third time , the motor would n't start . I payed almost 20.00 for the game and 7.00 for new batteries for it . It was definately the shortest amount of fun I have ever paid 27.00 for , and my daughter was sorely disappointed . This toy is junk .
 My daughter recieved this as a gift , I would have never bought it . My daughter spends more time shaking upside down and screaming , I want more butterflies elephant ! Give me more butterflies !
 The butterfly will comes out if and only if we remove the nose.Need more powerful fan !!!
 Such a disappointment ! If the conditions are just right -LRB- new batteries , trunk in right position etc. -RRB- you might be lucky enough to have half of the butterflies come out ... eventually .
 it broke within 10 minutes , it was impossible for my daughter to play with without me reloading it for her every 4-5 seconds , it was simply the stupidest toy I have ever paid money for -- beware !!!!
 WHEN I SAW THIS GAME FOR MY SON I THOUGHT IT WAS SO CUTE . SO I BOUGHT IT FOR HIM FOR XMAS . THE MOTOR DOSENT RUN FAST U HAVE TO SIT THERE WAITING FOR THE BUTTERFLIES SO TO ME THIS IS A PIEACE OF JUNK
 Of course what I expected was a toy that worked properly.My daughter was so excited to get this game . Unfortunately it works very poorly . The air pressure to hold the trunk up is terrible . My 5 year old is of course too short to stand the trunk up herself , so I am constantly up and down standing the trunk up during her game play.The butterflies shoot out in a big poof when its first started , a child can only catch one at a time . Then after the first initial poof one single butterfly will shoot out about every 5 minutes . My daughter has literally went to her room to play or do something else and says `` Mommy call me when another butterfly is ready to come out `` And with these large delays in butterflies , you are left to believe they are all out and you can begin another round over again , but then you open it up to put the other butterflies back only to find that over half of the butterflies are still inside.I definitely would not reccomend this game to anyone .
 I am rarely disappointed by toys and games , but this one takes the cake . The fan barely has enough umph to get the little `` thingies '' out of the trunk , and by the time they come out , you have to load them up again . Only a few come out , and it becomes very disappointing for the kids . Mine is in the garbage .
 My daughter was very excited to get this toy . After the reading the first few review , it seemed like this would have been a fun toy to play . I should have kept on reading.It 's a struggle for the butterfly to shoot up and out . After a 1/2 hour of playing we never got to finish the first and only gamed played . I did n't have a problem with the truck standing up straight , they just would n't fly . My 3 year old gave up imm . but the the 7 year old -LRB- who bought the toy -RRB- was very disappointed.This one is going back to the store .
 I was so excited as were the childeren when I purchased this game buy I was very disappointed with this item once we used it . The butterflies that were suppose to fly everywhere only came out one or two at a time , eventually having nothing come out . They formed a wind tunnel and stuck to the sides . Meanwhile I had screaming toddlers -LRB- unable to understand the problem -RRB- waiting and waiting for the butterflies to come out . I had to sit and keep taking the trunk off to stir the butterflies up . I thought maybe I had just gotten a `` bad '' one but turns out a few of my friends purchased this item after me for their children as well and had the same problem . So overall I was very disappointed with this game and I think it should be pulled from the shelves .
 My 5 year old twin daughters received this game as a gift . I would not waste my money on it.First of all , the butterflies shoot out way too fast . The game is over before little ones can even get their nets ready . Then an adult has to pull the elephant 's trunk off and put all the butterflies back in . -LRB- It 's a little too difficult for kids to do . -RRB- So unless you want to be really involved in putting the butterflies back in over and over this is not a game to buy for little ones . Although my girls like to play it , I think it 's a pain !
 Do n't waste your money . It 's cute in idea , but so disappointing in reality . There are so many better toys than this to spend your money on . I 'm taking mine back today .
 I bought this game for my 2 and 4 yr old sons . It 's cute , but time consuming for the parent.It takes about 2 minutes for all the butterflies to be airborn , and be caught or hit the floor , ending the game and the fun . It takes roughly 3 minutes to disassemble the toy , reload the butterflies and reassemble it , so they can play again . With the whining to `` hurry '' it will feel more like 10 minutes.Summary
 We bought this toy for our two and three year old . The trunk would not go up and becuase of that the butterflys would not do the same . We returned it the same day .
 I bought this for my 2.5 yr old for Easter . IT would not work the first few times . We had to open it up and fluff all the wings . Then a few come out but not even half . My son kept sreaming for them to come out . After 30 minutes of trying to get it to work he was in tears and I felt terrible . It is such a great idea for a game with little rules for young kids . It just needs a stronger blower . I am taking tis one back !!!
 This is a great idea for a toy but the construction is so poor that it creates more frustration than it promotes education . Naturally , the commercial shows the toy working properly but reality is that the motor is so weak -LRB- understandably so for safety reasons -RRB- the butterflies do not float easily out of the Elefun 's trunk - there is a lot of shaking and moving around of the Elefun just to release the butterflies and then the butterflies come out all at once and the game is over . Unfortunately , we bought this toy when it first came out and payed the full $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for it - not worth it . You can still teach your kids colors with the butterflies and those who are creative and can think up other games to play with the components .
 This game is fun and exciting for ten seconds , then mom has to open the big head , help with refilling , hold up the over sized trunk because the fan ca n't do it . Then ten seconds of fun again . This toy was a great idea , but it needs to be designed properly and made more kid friendly . Also , my 3 year old twisted then wrapped the trunk around his neck . I know he is very imaginative in his attempts of self injury , but if he could do it , so could yours .
 We bought this game last Christmas for our 3 and 5 year old . It takes a while for the butterflies to come out and then they all sort of come out together . They are so slow that our 5 year old just held his net up at the top of the `` trunk '' while his much shorter brother was very frustrated not getting any come down to his level . We gave it to charity after a few months .
 Great concept but the game eats batteries faster than our dog eats steak ! Would be really awesome if it had a more powerful motor .
 Toy was purchased for my three year old daughter . I thought the game would be great for play dates but quickly proved to be a poor purchase . The fan operates well on fresh batteries but quickly runs down the batteries thereofore leaving many butterflies at the bottom . When you do replace the batteries the butterflies come out too fast for the children to catch them . It becomes a struggle of keeping batteries , butterflies moving and children happy . After three rounds of catching butterflies my daughter and her friends become bored and ask what else does the elephant do ? To the consignment store this game will go .
 In addition to all the previous complaints -LRB- poor fan , not enough/too heavy butterflies , trunk too long , battery hog -RRB- I 'll add one more
 What I do not like was the distribution of the bows . They blew out rather quickly and it does not allow much time to have everyone of the 4 kids to enjoy the fun . You have to turn off the game to load the bows after only a minute of game which is so inconvenient . You can tip it to stop the fan -LRB- which is great security feature -RRB- but still have to load more bows rather quickly . It does not hold my child 's attention after one or two rounds which is a total of one minute . I would not recommend buying this game unless it is at the absolute lowest price . And even then ... I would have you consider it carefully .
 This toy looked like alot of fun -- BUT it sucks -- The trunk never inflates all the way -- I even cut some of it off -- and it eats batteries like MAD -- and unless you have a new battery it has no ` umpf ' to shoot the butterflies out ... My kids did like the concept -- but they cried because it never worked right . . SO if you have lots of money to waste on batteries and like to see your child dissapointed then by all means buy this game -- if not STAY AWAY ... even at buy one get one free , it is a waste of money -- TRUST ME
 I Loved Strawberry Shortcake as a child And this is just not her . She is To skinny and her hat and clothes are to different not happy at all .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- ITS NO FUN , IT BREAKS DOWN AFTER 1 DAY , ITS NOT EDUCATIONAL AT ALL !!!!!!! WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!! BAD USELESS HUNK OF PLASTIC -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The info on the package made it seem interesting enough to try it out . I bought the `` dual '' version , that supposedly shoots out two balls . It does shoot out two balls of water but instead of shooting out at the distance needed to compete with a Super Soaker , it gently lobs two small balls of water about 13 feet -LRB- this figure assumes you were aiming at a person 's foot , there is no way you could hit a torso from 13 feet away with this silly thing -RRB- . It did make me laugh , even though my shirt was soaked because you have to hold it against your body to fire it and it leaks like a hyperactive Pomeranian . I would never , in a million years , bring this thing into battle . My advice is to stick with the good ` ol Super Soakers . Let me know when the Waterball Launcher becomes pressurized and can hit a target a hundred feet away .
 I got one of these after reading about how it creates a `` ball '' of water to fling out.Overall its neat that it can create the ball of water , but the range is horrible -LRB- if lucky you get 10 feet -RRB- , it does not aim well , and leaks alot.Overall , for the money I would buy several cheap squirt guns at the dollar store , or a super soaker over this .
 This toy goes about 10 feet max and is hard to use . It says that it shoots water-balls but really it shoots water-blobs . After about the water is 3/4 of the way gone you need to fill it back up . My son was very disipionted after he found this toy dos ` nt work .
 This toy is a piece of garbage.When you fire one of these `` waterballs '' , even if you hold the toy exactly how they say it , it only travels a maximum ten feet . Secondly , the balls of water are only the size of a quarter , not even . Third , when you pull back the large uncomfortable lever to launch a waterball , it makes a large vibration noise , with a volume level as high as a table falling from the sky to the ground . Last , it leaks all over the place ! There are two holes on the bottom of the launcher driven right through the plastic that have plastic ties in them to hold the waterball launcher to the packaging . When you cut the ties to remove the waterball launcher from the packaging , the holes are still there , and when you fire a waterball , it leaks ALL over the place through those holes . I mean , you lose a half a tank just firing three waterballs . It leaked ALL over my shirt and pants , to my shoes , creating a massive puddle in my driveway.My advice to you ; buy a Super Soaker .
 I thought this was fun for the first day I had it , but even then it was not as good as I expected . The waterball -LRB- more like a water marble -RRB- is only a centimeter in diameter . Do n't be fooled by the size of the opening . It is also very noisy . I thought -LRB- after I saw the range and size of the waterball -RRB- it might be good for close range attcks . You can shoot fairly rapidly , but if your opponent had any water gun at all , they would beat you . It has a good water capacity and does not leak , but it is difficult to fill up and does n't stand a chance in a fight .
 Nice concept . Fun for about the 2 seconds it takes to realize you ca n't get away from someone you just ` balled ' at maximum range 'cause they are standing 3 steps away from you .
 The info on the package made it seem interesting enough to try it out . I bought the `` dual '' version , that supposedly shoots out two balls . It does shoot out two balls of water but instead of shooting out at the distance needed to compete with a Super Soaker , it gently lobs two small balls of water about 13 feet -LRB- this figure assumes you were aiming at a person 's foot , there is no way you could hit a torso from 13 feet away with this silly thing -RRB- . It did make me laugh , even though my shirt was soaked because you have to hold it against your body to fire it and it leaks like a hyperactive Pomeranian . I would never , in a million years , bring this thing into battle . My advice is to stick with the good ` ol Super Soakers . Let me know when the Waterball Launcher becomes pressurized and can hit a target a hundred feet away .
 I saw the ad for this item in a magazine and though this is just what I have been looking for ! . I own a lot of water guns -LRB- but none that shoot water balls ! -RRB- and enjoy a good water war ! so I immediatley ordered the single and double shot ... while waiting for my waterpebble ! launchers I saw the guns in a toystore for -LSB- less -RSB- so i bought them.i filled one with water and my daughter and I went out in the back yard to try in out . I filled it up and pumped it about 15 times -LRB- to prime it -RRB- and proceeded to lauch the waterpeebles ! I was so dissapointed at the size of the so called water balls ! my daughter laughed herself silly ! when she saw the size of the balls . no one wants to be ridiculed for the size of their balls !! this toy needs seriouse re-tooling to be classified as a Waterball launcher . when this toy goes down in price -LRB- which it most definately will ! -RRB- to maybe 2 or 3 dollars i may buy it take it apart and make it do what it claims to do . also the video tv add on the website is seriously misleading someone did a really good video editing job , to make it look like the waterballs are really big . if only real life was that simple !! . needless to say i have returned all 4 waterball launchers .
 As advertised , this thing launches nice globules of water . And yes , you can rapid fire the thing . What they do not advertise , however , is that the globules travel-at best - fifteen feet . More like ten . And as for water volumn , I would guess you are shooting a blob about the size of a grape . So if you are really close to something you want to shoot , no problem . But I would never take this thing in to battle . Its limited range and lack of volume would leave you a sitting duck . Picture taking a revolver to war against an AK-47 . You can sneak up on someone and pop 'm , but once they know where you are ... you better run and hide ! Actually , even that is n't true . Did I forget to mention how much noise the spring mechanism makes ? I only give it two stars because I accidentally started having fun with it shooting my puppies in the yard -- watching them trying to catch and eat the blobs . Two minutes of fun , then I relinquished it to the kids . I suppose I should have read the tag that said for children 4 - 12 years of age . Of course , my nine year old got bored with it in short order . Did I also forget to mention that this thing leaks like a siv ? I made the mistake of walking into the house with it after washing the pups . And another thing ...
 this is the dumbest water gun u can ever buy , Im intrested in paint balling so I tryed it cause I thought it shot balls with water inside but it shoots drips of water ! super soakers r waaaaaaay better cause they actually shoot a stream
 I saw a write up on this toy in June 's Maxim magazine and thought it sounded like a pretty cool toy . So when the toy store near where I work got some in I figured I 'd go and give them a whirl . After work I got it all loaded up and found a reasonable target 20 feet away and started firing . I failed to hit the target by about 5 feet . I was pretty disapointed . The review I had read made them sound so great and yet they failed to perform to the same level as a Super Soaker , it 's most obvious competitor . The waterball projectiles are small , about half the size of a regular M&M . It would take a lot of pumping to soak someone with one of this guys . The design has a lot of potential though .
 Okay , so it shoots small `` Balls '' of water . It goes MAYBE 15 feet usually SEVEN !!! And also you might as well be throwing a pea at the person because that 's about the size of the water . Oh , and the thing leaks as if it is a water gun whose barrel has a hole in it the size of a fist . Also , in any normal water gun fight ... Well let 's just say this , imagine you had a pistol and the other guy had a. . . Nuclear war-head !!!!!! Now if you want a real water gun go for one that has distance and a lot of ammo . Try searching ... for a good water gun . Not a Waterball launcher though !!
 Well , I thought it would be cool to have a gun that shoots balls . But , on the ads , the ball was about 2.5 inches thick . while the real one is about a centimeter thick . Frankly , this gun stinks . It can barely shoot up a 9-stair staircase ! I would not buy this . I gave the fun a 1 because can shoot about 9 feet , and it 's more of a squirt of water than a ball . I gave it 3 stars because it explained how they used science and surface tension to pack it into a ball , but it does n't ! I gave it a 2 on durability because it does n't fall apart all of a sudden , but it leaks like mad . Do n't buy it if you 're life depended on it . This item is horrible .
 do n't buy this toy . it leaks bad and fires cruddy . i 've used two different guns because the first one broke on the first couple tries . TRUST ME , YOU DO NOT WANT TO BUY THIS CRUDDY WATER GUN ! IT PROVIDES LITTLE FUN !
 I had bought one of these water guns and was sadly dissappointed because my gun was leaking . I took the product back thinkingthere was something wrong with this SINGLE gun.My next gun ... the very same problem.I strongly suggest not purchasing this product because not only does it have bad accuracy and range , but is a defective gun .
 at first i thought that a gun that shoots water balls would be cool but the gun can only shoot a maxx distance of 10-13 feet . the gun also leaks and the water balls are tiny . if you want a good water gun your better off getting a monster xl . but in other words this gun -LSB- is bad -RSB- .
 do n't get this thing it really blows it leaks alot and it does not go very far at the max it might go about 9-12 feet . if you are looking for a good water gun get one of the max distance ones . belive me this is a waste of your money
 I usually am skeptical of other people 's reviews , but in this case , any negative review for this product is absolutely true . After seeing the `` ball '' fly through the air , the gun became more of a joke than the amazing invention Maxim magazine said it was . The gun leaks more than it shoots -LRB- honestly -RRB- , and the balls are too small to be called balls . Save your money and buy some water balloons or use the hose .
 It 's a piece of -LSB- poop -RSB- ! It shoots 5 little drips of water instead of a ball ... . and the distance -LSB- stinks -RSB- ... ! I tried to shoot my mom with it from one side of the kitchen to the other and i made it not even half way . DO NOT waste your money ... . and if it goes down in price dramatically DO NOT waste your money still . It 's not pumped either ... . you just pull back a lever and a spring loaded barrel shoots it out ... so if you use your common ... sense ! you 'll know metal and water equals rust ! It 's loud ... too !
 I would say that this is just a basic pack of 11 cards . It may help or not with your collection , but you really have to know what cards are in it to see how good it is . But I collect cards myself . I 'm trying to get 100 different kinds of Harry Potter cards . So far I only have 61 .
 The board for this game is a pain ... half the time the tiles that cover the letters stick . It takes forever and a day to look in the book , locate the letters ' locations , and uncover them too . I love Wheel of Fortune , but you 're better off playing a computerized version where you do n't have all the hassle .
 The product -LRB- Wheel of fortune board game -RRB- arrived very promptly . However , the `` spinning '' part -LRB- the small flat metal arros that one can spin -RRB- was missing from the round board that has the prices and amount of dollars on it . It is not worth it for me to even claim it , I just do n't want to be bothered . I will never buy from this people again .
 I had a horrible experience with the skywalker trampoline . We had it for about two weeks . From march 24th when we set it up , until April 5th . If you live in a windy area , for the love of your trampoline , stake it down . Ours was lifted and turned into a giant sail and landed on our neighbor 's car . No damage to the car , THANK GOD . It landed with the enclosure on the bottom , so the padded bars cushioned the impact . We brought it back and never bothered with it again . The kids were devastated because they had such a great time . This is an isolated incident , if I lived on property with less wind-vortex monstrosities coming through , I 'd get another one . It was just a really upsetting experience . Oh , the ` T ' bar that is oh-so-strong broke right in two . The bars are n't any stronger than anything else that 's made of aluminum . It was a mangled mess !
 The game is not difficult to understand , but it is difficult to use . The questions and categories are hard to see through the blue vynil screen . There are 35 different questions/answers to each double jeopardy -- which is adequate , but it takes some time to set up between game 1 and game 2 . We had to write the categories on a larger sheet of paper so everyone could see them .
 The plastic apparatus for holding the questions and amounts is really cheesy . The question insert doesnt stay in the windo frames , the legs do n't stay on , the $ $ $ cards art too tight for the space and so are hard to get out . Wasted my money on this product !
 JeopardyAlthough this game is true to the real show , it is not made well . It is time consuming to set up with the little cards you need to put in the individual slots , difficult to read the questions through the blue board , and hard to keep track of the score by handing out money after each question . Very disappointing .
 The game board is too small and the translucent blue plastic is too dark to read through.Whoever designed this really did n't check out the final product . The answers on the game board are teeny tiny print that would be readable except for two obstacles :1 - The blue plastic screen that covers them is too dark so three people must struggle to read miniature black letters on a dark blue background .2 - The rounded tops of the dollar amount slides cover up the bottom line of type on longer answers.For a game aimed at smart people , this is a stupidly designed product .
 This is the same piece you can get for half the price ... The pricing is high , and the description , though not false , leaves out just enough . Both of these reasons make you think it is the metal version . . it is not . This is the plastic toy . They are sold elsewhere for less than half the price I paid for it . If you are looking for a decent Plastic TOY , then it is worth the $ 40 to $ 50 ... Not $ 150 like the Force FX version .
 I ordered this for my son and the light worked but the sound did not work right out of the box . There appears to be something loose rolling around inside of the handle . Toy 's R us was perfectly willing to replace or refund the defective toy .
 this thing sucks so friken bad i returnend it because the sound was very low quolity.I sent it back so i could get mace windo 's lightsaber his is muce better .
 First - if you are looking at this you have Ticket to Ride . If you do n't then you need the original game first.The game is wonderful . This add-on has some nice things but some real drawbacks.The bigger cards are nice and the artwork is as lovely as ever -LRB- this add-on gives you repeats of the original cards in addition to the new cards , all in a playing card size rather than a business card size -RRB- . The problem is with the routes . I thought this would be a good way to stump my brother who literally can tell what route you have by the train cards you are choosing and the first track you put down , which puts the rest of us at a competitive disadvantage . The problem is that the new routes overlap so much with the old routes that basically if you start with good cards you can just finish your route and then continue picking up cards that overlay the original route . It reduces the complexity of the game and makes it much more luck driven . OR the new routes do n't compete at all with the old ones , making the strategy part of laying track that much less successful . Overall , when we all get together we can play four or five games of the original in a row whereas we were able to put the game away after one or two games with the new cards.Basically , rather than making the game MORE fun it made it less fun .
 THis saber is a must buy for a star wars fan makes great clasing sounds , extends over 3 feet in height , very clear and bright light , only problem is it requires 2 c batteries butstill it is a total replica of Luke 's lightsaber from ROTJ buy ittt !!!!!!
 This toy was a lot of fun at first , and I had lots of great battles with my younger brother . It has great sound effects , but the light is really weird ! First of all , when it does work , the light is very weak and you can hardly tell it 's on . When it does n't work , which is most of the time , the sound turns off as well as the light ! We have another hasbro lightsaber , a clear one that 's lights can be either red or blue , and we 've had that for a long time and it has never had this problem . We do n't have the box , so now we 're stuck with a broken lightsaber !!! Do NOT buy this - look for a better one !!!
 Well , I mean ya its a gundam model kit . If you 've ever built one before your well aware of how durable they are . This one looks awesome in the picture , it also has two beam sabers and an assault rifle that come with it . It looks cool when its done , but dont be fooled . It looks way way way better in the picture . The shield has no blue accent on it , and the face has little red like shown.In my opinion it isnt really that bad of a model kit , but thats just it . Its a model kit . Its not for playing with its for show . So if your intentions are to get a model kit to put up on your mantle , splurge a little and get a better one than this .
 Interesting toy , my baby likes to chase , and likes the music and noises it makes . But it is a safety hazard ! When the button to make it move is pushed while child is holding it , moving wheel bar has groove big enough for child 's finger to be inserted , and finger is then pinched between plastic and metal rivet holding bar , causing laceration . I have contacted Consumer Product Safety -LRB- Canada -RRB- to inform them of the danger this toy presents .
 This toy gave me a papercut . now it hurts bad . i dont like it . ouchies !
 Sent this to my granddaughter who lives in another state . I thought I was sending her the pet to accompany her Groovy Girl . Nope ! It 's just the bed . Seriously , I would spend that kind of money for a miniature pet bed ? Needless to say she was very confused .
 This is just a dog bed . . no dog ! I do not see anywhere on here that it did not come with the dog ! what a rip off
 My sister-in-law bought this for our daughter and it was already annoying because she sings one song and it gets old but then I realized she does n't always recognize the attachments . So you put the blue bird on her hand and she says that 's my friend who twinkles -LRB- she thinks it 's the star -RRB- . Or you put the frog on and she says that 's my friend who flies -LRB- meaning the butterfly -RRB- . So how is my daughter supposed to learn or enjoy if Dora teaches her the wrong thing ?
 Like any first time mom I wanted the perfect nursey complete with a matching mobile . The Malawi mobile was a gift and looked so cute , pulled the whole nursery togteher . Then my son was born . This mobile kept his interest , but only for a few minutes . I read reviews from other mommys about how short the mobile runs for but did n't think it really mattered . Boy was I wrong . One day my little guy was fussy , I put him in his crib and started the mobile , he looked at it and loved it , what he did n't love was mommy coming in every 3 minutes to start it up again . The very next day I was at Babies R Us buying a new mobile , one that requires batteries but runs for 15 minutes and has a remote control to restart it when necessary . Even better the new mobile has different attachments to keep my little guys interest for months to come and actually pauses every few seconds to help baby focus . Now yes , it is not as cute and does n't match but my little guy loves it . I highly suggest new mommys out there look at other mobiles . I never even knew there were mobiles other then the ones sold with the bedding sets . Trust me , take a few minutes while you register and go look at them in the toy department , the new mobile was actually less money and can also be used as a music box that can remain attached to the crib once the mobile is taken down . Something to consider for you new mommys out there .
 Do n't waste your money , you will spend your time standing there waiting for this to stop so you can wind it up again . The music only lasts a minute or less .
 This is a cute mobile and it is nice when it running . The problem is , it only plays one song and lasts about 3 minutes . I would recommend find another mobile that plays music long and with more of a variety .
 This would be a great mobile if the music last longer . The song only plays approximately 3-5 minutes . Before I can even sit down good and attempt to do something , anything , -LRB- fold laundry perhaps -RRB- the mobile has already stopped . My son does like the mobile , however he becomes quite irritable when it stops so suddenly . What good is this product if the music does n't play long enough to soothe your child ? I 've seen some other reviews on other mobiles that I am about to purchase , perhaps the one with the remote that last for 20-30 minutes , now THAT makes sense!If the mobile were not a gift this is something I would NOT have purchased !
 Again , this is becoming a common title for this Kids Line theme . Beautiful products , but not put together well . In this case , our mobile came unassembled , then we had to tie on each animal with about 1/8 ' piece of ribbon . My wife purchased more ribbon to make it work . A nice piece , but if we had it to do over again , we would 've just gotten one of those aquariums that attach to the crib .
 I purchased the mobile but ended up selling it on Ebay ... it is too big for the crib , it hung down so low that my son could pull on it and bring it down on top of him . It is cute , but I found a jungle mobile that was smaller and matched really nice with the set ...
 our babies room is set up in all of the Malawi set but the crib we got has very thick bars and rails so the huge dial doesnt have engough room to secure it to the crib . i wanted to use it but now we are looking for a new one , plus the music doesnt last long enough . oh well
 I agree with the complaints that the music time is much too short . In addition , with the one we bought , the animals get stuck on the arm as they pass it , rendering the whole thing motionless . Mobiles are hardly a product of new technology ; should n't this work perfectly -- especially for $ 40 ? We were also disappointed that the strings the animals dangle from are so short and that the animals ' faces are n't turned downward for babies to see . We 're taking it back tomorrow . It 's a shame , because it 's really cute . But overall it seems like a decoration , not a working toy .
 The mobile looks great and my son LOVES it - but after you wind it all the way up , it only lasts a few minutes . Therefore , do n't count on it as entertainment for your baby , just use it for decoration .
 The mobile is adorable , but it drives my 6-month-old son nuts when the music stops , too ! It 's the traditional soothing lullaby song -LRB- my 7-yr-old likes to wind it up just to listen -RRB- but it does wind down within a few minutes . Too much money for little more than a decoration .
 I too have the Malawi bedding set and decorations for the baby 's room , but was extremely displeased with this mobile . It does not fit our crib at all . Luckily I was able to return it and find something with an adjustable crib attachment . When I spoke to the sale representative at Babies R Us , she said a number of people return the mobiles made by this manufacturer , since they do not fit securely and safely on quite a few of the cribs the store sells .
 you have to have it to play with shell shocker and it takes 6 hours to charge but the good thing is that you get 6 hours of play time or a bit more but overal it gives you good play time if your not patshont id never sugest that you get shell shocker
 purchased this charger with the shell shocker , but never received it hard to leave a good review for something that you have never had . no way of getting intouch with amozon or toysrus online through their website . not able to send emails or call someone . will never ever buy from them again . There is no way of getting my money back to me this site is a big scam .
 a $ 70 toy hmmmmmm ... normal until you cant find the SPECIAL battery that is not included another $ 30 and no chance of finding it for at least a month after christmas
 The biggest waste of money . My son was thrilled upon opening The Shell-Shocker Christmas morning . Until we tried to set it up . First came disapointment at having to wait a day to buy this special battery . Next came frustration with the total lack of stock . Wallmart had none anywhere in the store . I have been told by other parents via email that the battery will be un avilable for at least a month.Now comes anger at Tyco and their blatant mis-representation of this product . I will never again buy anything from this company and I am composing a mass email to all the parents I know , warning them of Tycos customer service and calling for a boycott .
 First , I did n't , nor would I ever buy my son a $ 70.00 `` TOY , '' even though he wanted one . I did get him an R/C car though . Actually my wife bought it and fortunately I read the box and realized that she had n't purchased the required battery . The same battery that is used for the `` Shell Shocker . '' Consequently we are now saving the R/C car for his birthday in February . Hopefully we can find the required battery by then , otherwise , it will be a `` Graduation from Kindergarten '' gift . It 's January 17th and I still ca n't find one in any store , or on any website .
 As the other reviewers have stated , what a crock regarding the need to purchase a battery and charger separate from the toy . My boy opened the box on Christmas afternoon and shredded the box and styrofoam getting at the prized toy . He came to me and wanted me to make it work . Since he had been in another room , I was getting frustrated with him wanting to know where the rest of stuff was -LRB- the specialized battery and charger -RRB- . He kept saying that was all in box . Upon piecing the jigsaw puzzled box of cardboard back together I saw in a small highlighted caption on the lower corner of the box -LRB- Battery and Charger sold separately . -RRB- Over the past couple of weeks we have looked at different stores for the battery/charger . At first we thought , no problem , but now it has become apparent that this $ 60.00 toy might be best used as an anchor . The Toys R Us sales representative we talked to this weekend said they had 85 Shockers at another location , but no battery/chargers shown at any of their local stores . We are in the DFW area mind you . He said to look on-line , but `` good luck '' was his final parting shot . I am trying to remain calm about my new anchor , but I do not have a boat .
 I bought two rolls because one was not enough for my baby 's room . The two stars this border earned are for cuteness . It does look really nice on the wall and I am sure I will get a lot of compliments once my family get here to greet the baby . There are two big problems with this product , as I have discovered . First , how do you soak 5 ft worth of a border ? I tried it and it did n't work . So , a border paste is a must if you want it to stick to the wall the way it was meant to . Second , and it was a big one for me , even though I bought two rolls at the same time from the same store , one was about a quarter of an inch wider than the other . Unfortunately I only found it out when I was almost done with the whole room . I had about 7 feet to go when I had to open the second roll . I could not believe my eyes when I discovered that it was narrower by roughly a quarter of an inch . So , cursing quietly under my breath I had to remove some of the border and start a new one in the corner , where I hid imperfection behind a bookshelf . I am very disappointed .
 I do n't understand how babiesR ` us expects customers to buy this border online , without specifying the dimensions -LRB- lenght and width -RRB- !!!!! Would be very helpful if they would add more description to their products , so it is easier for the customers and prevent a trip to the store .
 Shrunk horribly and wrinkles horribly . Over priced and poor quality if you ask me .
 I gave this 2 stars because it is pretty . But I absolutely hate the way it hangs !!! I got it with the bedding set - which I absolutely love , but I wont be putting up this valance
 Deluxe , it is not . It is very cheap feeling and looking . The great `` features '' are very unimpressive . Even my 5 year old is working not to be dissapointed in it , having blown his whole 20 birthday money on a plastic box on wheels . It 's nothing special as vehicles go , except that it 's green and says Ninja Turtles on it.Nevertheless he has played with it non-stop since he got it .
 I was really excited to get this for my grandson and I had to send the first one back because it did n't work at all then I got the second one and it never work Right but it was so close to Christmas that I kept it and really should n't have because it NEVER worked right . The ducks keep stopping and the machine makes noises and pops . Not worth the money !!!!
 I bought this for my nephew and it never worked quite right . The game is cheaply made and while it 's a fun idea , my nephew never had much fun playing with it because it did n't work .
 My 9yr old just received his delivery of this item . Unfortunately it was a dissapointment as it did not function . The music plays and gun makes a sound but the salty crew do not operate . fresh batteries would not make them rise from the dead , scurvey I guess . ARGHHH them there pirates will have to walk the plank to Davey Jones locker .8 - -LRB-
 This game is fun but my boys broke the gun in one day . It looks nice but it is poorly made . Definately not worth the money .
 i played this game twice and i was bored.i gave it to my nephew for his birthday and it just collects dust in his home.its interesting but , the gun isnt accurate.its better to purchase nintendo wii games like carnival games or the like.they will probably be cheaper too and more fun than this thing.a definate 2 .
 The toy works when it wants to . If you plan to play you may not be able to get it working . My grandson got so frustrated waiting for it to start that he gave up . This is the worst purchase I 've ever made . I recommend that nobody purchases this toy . You 'll regret it .
 This toy was just loads of fun ... for three days . Then it just quit . Tried replacing batteries but to no avail . Very disappointing . A lot of money for something that is just collecting dust now .
 I LOVED ninja turtles around when they FIRST came out -LRB- not theese new ones , the ORIGINAL ONES -RRB- So I decided to get theese figures . Don was the first I picked up . I REALLY REALLY liked him so I got this one . I liked to make them fight and stuff . They were one of my favorite toys but after a week they got put in my closet , and now I have better figures like Xevoz . O well , they are good for the fist week .
 NEED I SAY MORE THAN THE TITLE ... it is the worst sounding toy and there is no deciphering what you say into it .
 dnt buy ! mayb it was jus my order but if it happen to me it will again i bought the bigger version with it which was fine athough they are both same brand so im guessing the other one will break soon , , but cmon who wants a broken item i mean really
 This is a fun toy but it needs to be made better . Sometimes it works and sometimes it does n't . You have to put your mouth too close for it to work , almost touching it . It changes your voice but then it is not understandable .
 I dont recommend this product . It does n't work . It did not change voices well . My son did not enjoy it .
 I give this a one rating because its a voice changer and all the voices sound the same . The other thing is you have to stick your mouth all the way into to it before you can hear a voice . Not worth the money .
 Hated this product and it 's currently being shipped back to seller.Thought I was getting an acutally product that worked seeing as though it wasnt the cheapest item ever . This doesnt make your voice change and when you talk into it all you hear is a loud screaching noise you ca n't even make out the fact that it 's a `` voice ''
 The kids thought it was fun but you hear your own voice over the projected ones . The different voices sound very familiar .
 In theory this is a fun toy , but sadly all but one of the settings just sound like a bunch of loud garbled noise . The one setting that does work entertained the kids for a while , thus the 2 stars . I ordered two of these and they are both just as loud and garbled sounding .
 When I opened the toy for my 2 yr old grandson , it did not work . I looked at the battery , thinking it may need to be replaced and found that it is an odd battery that most people would not keep on hand . I was disappointed that I stood there with a new toy for my grandson that he could not use . Once the battery is replaced I will write another review as to whther it actually works . From what I could tell it was cheaply made and doesnt look as though it would hold up for very long .
 after changing out the batteries it still doe n't work.piece of crap.got my 8 dollars worth , i guess , son is pissed off.Uggh!I wish I had n't wasted my money
 My expectations for this toy were very low -LRB- considering that it 's only $ 6.99 -RRB- BUT the voice changer never worked at all . It sat in our treasure bin for a few weeks before my son picked it . He was so excited to try it out , but when he got it out of the plastic , it would not work . No big deal , we went to the store to pick up new batteries -LRB- which were $ 5.99 -RRB- . So we were both disappointed when the toy still did NOTHING . What a waste of time and money . Unfortunately , by the time we took it out to use it , the 30 day window to return for free had expired . Not worth paying the shipping to return it .
 Back in the day , Ninja Turtles were my life . I had the lunchbox , the figures , and the VHS ' . When i saw that the new tv series and toy line was coming out , i was extactic . Then i watched the show and bought the figures , only to learn they were -LSB- bad -RSB- . At first , the figures are amazing ; they have great detail and an awesome look . Then , when you actually try to play with one , you realize how the arms only move at the shoulder and the legs can only move at the hip -LRB- there 's no joint at the elbow or knee so it 's really hard to have them fight each other realistically -RRB- . Okay , a setback , but I keep playing . As Leo 's sword hits Shredder as the first blow , i noticed his weapon was some sort of flimsy , soft plastic that would bend with the touch of a finger . This , along with all the other complaints i have about the figures , caused me to never really use them again .
 The jet flame packs got jammed the 1st time I pushed it in !!! I pressed the button just they would n't shoot back out !!! I do n't know if its just mine or its on all of them but I 'm very dissapointed because I like displaying all my ninja turtles and 1 is brokin !! And another thing the thing u attach at the bottomwont stay in it keeps coming out !!!!!! Useless piece of junk !!!! If some 1 else writes a review tell me if it happend 2 yours.Buy at your own risk . C U later .
 I got this lap top for my 2 year old son during the summer when we were taking a train trip . He did n't love it then of course , but after we got home he started to really enjoy it . He lost interest for a while and when he rediscovered it I discovered the mouse had broken during the time no one was playing with it . It can click , but wo n't move the `` cursor '' on the screen up , down , left or right making most of the activities useless . And of course when I called vtech it 's now a discontinued product and we ca n't get it fixed for replace . They are sending a new toy at the same value -LRB- 24.99 -RRB- but well , my son likes THIS one , not a different toy . I 'm very disappointed and probably wo n't be buying another vtech toy if this is how durable they all are .
 Not sure why I thought all yellow , rubber duckies would squeek . He is weighted to be stable and not tip over in water but I was a little disappointed that he did n't squeek . Good quality . Exactly as pictured .
 DD received this as a gift a few weeks ago . The product has not really lived up to it 's cuteness.PROS : - Very cute / soft outfit - Cute face - Care Bears Theme - Comes with adorable hard plastice rattle doll - Very soft when filled with water , seems more lifelike than cloth / plastic dolls - Has not leaked yet ?!?!?! CONS : - VERY hard to fill , the funnel does n't fit well into the hole - Directions do n't gift good suggestion on how to fill with water , other than to `` use '' the funnel to fill . - Doll becomes VERY heavy when filled with water , it 's definitely not for younger children - Directions state change water 1 time per week . With as dificult as it was to add it the 1st time , I 'm doubting that I will take the time to do this . If the doll starts to smell , it 'll be gone.ALL IN ALL I DO N'T THINK I 'D WASTE THE MONEY ON THIS ONE . THERE ARE BETTER DOLLS OUT THERE THAT DO N'T REQUIRE SO MUCH MAINTENANCE -LRB- RE-FILLING ONCE PER WEEK -RRB- AND ARE LIGHT ENOUGH FOR ALL HANDS TO CARRY .
 Cute tote , but the product description and image are VERY misleading . The Product Features state : * Part of the Groovy Girls Collection by Manhattan Toy Company * Groovy Girls encourage young girls to celebrate their own unique qualities * The perfect pet for any young child * Amazing attention to detail * Inspires fun , creative play in your young childNotice that it says `` the perfect pet for any young child . `` Furthermore , under Product Details , it says : `` Like all things Groovy Girls PetRAGEOUS , these super soft fashionistas have removable costumes , for one-size-fits-all dressing fun . PetRAGEOUS is part of the Groovy Girl family by Manhattan Toy . Our Groovy PetRAGEOUS Totally Totable Tote will allow your pet to travel in style , great tote for that go-everywhere pet . `` Notice that it specifically describes the `` super soft fashionistas . '' And the photo shows a cute little dog poking its head out of the tote.Unfortunately , I missed the very last part of the product description where it says `` Dog sold separately . `` Too bad I had it shipped directly to my young niece on the other side of the country , because she had already unwrapped it and started using it , so no chance to return the item.Lesson learned
 We purchased the Little tikes Easy Store slide because it appeared to be a nice easy to use slide in the house . However when we proceeded to assemble the slide the rod and caps were not fitting properly . These are critical pieces to the assembly and without proper fit they could cause the slide to collapse . The rod is made from a molded plastic and bends when you try to fit the caps . The caps require considerable force to install and we could not get them to fit even after multiple attempts . Very poor design and a potential safety issue for small children !! Based on other reviews I will check out the Step 2 slide . We have had much better luck with their products in the past . I would not recommend you purchase this slide based on the above issue .
 I Think This Is The Worst Toy EVER ! I Put It Together , And It Was Absolutely HORRIBLE ! I Do n't Think Its Educational Either , All You Do Is Go Up A Few Steps , And Down The Slide , Not Exactly Brain Surgery . PLEASE DONT BUY IT ! I URGE YOU !
 I 've got considerable experience of assembling and repairing things over the years , and I do n't like to be beaten , but this slide went straight back to the shop . As others have noted , attaching the base to the ladder is not trivial - we bent the step in the process.But attaching the metal clips to the rod was impossible . After spending about an hour hammering away with mallets and hammers and eventually just slamming the thing on the ground , feeding the rod through both the ladder and the slide just was not possible . The darn rod just kept bending . It 's a tight fit at the best of times.Whoever at Little Tikes thought it would be smart to save a couple of cents by using a hollow plastic rod has cost the company a lot of goodwill . If you do have one of these and ca n't take it back , the best thing I can suggest is to go to your local hardware store and buy a threaded metal rod and a pair of nuts.Don ' t buy this slide - Step 2 make a very similar one that , although it costs a little more , is almost entirely preassembled ; it took me a couple of minutes to put together . Our daughter - who was in tears as I took the Little Tikes slide away - was overjoyed by the replacement .
 I bought this slide because it looked easy to assemble . There was no quality in the way the molded plastic fittings were manufactured . The base and ladder could n't be assembled because the locking portions did n't match . The plastic rod used in assembly bent and could n't be made to fit it 's connections . It will be returned-shame on Little Tykes , they need quality control !
 Okay , so my 1 year old son was facinated with this piano . But it sounds horrible . I mean Awful . In fact , we were afraid that the sound , which is very and very and VERY off tune , will ruin his musical inclination . I dont mind the chime - but its too off tune . So we packed it up and back it goes .
 I was so excited when my son received this as a birthday gift and he loves to sit and bang on it for a few minutes at a time . But when I tried to play some of the songs for him from the Songbook , I could n't even recognize the songs half the time because the piano is so off key . Particularly the E. I was further disappointed with the songbook because it does n't feature notes , just large color circles with the letter of the key in the middle that do n't quite fit over the staff , so if you are interested in your child learning to read music , this will not be very useful . We are not planning to keep the piano , I 'm just looking for a replacement -LRB- perhaps a keyboard -RRB- so that I can make the switch .
 My 2-year old daughter wanted this for Christmas so we got it from a local store - in the box , never saw it out on the floor . What a mistake ! It sounds terrible ! It is so off-tune one wonders if the makers had ever heard a piano before . ALSO , the construction is crap . Screw-in legs for a top-heavy thing like this ... they NEVER stay tightened . I 'm always expecting it to come crashing down when she 's playing it - which is rarely . Her $ 10 xylophone is more musical .
 Trying to fix broken leg and lost screws and round silver disk that tops them . tried to call 3 times to their service center , 1st time was told they would call me back with info ... they did not . Sent email , they said to call again & they could help me . I called again and was told they were the manufacturer but did not supple any parts . Told them I would be happy to buy them . . They said NO they didnt do that & they never give any info about the company or their people in China ????? Why ? they have about 30 employees here in the states . . over 1000 in China . I have brought many of their products ... I will no longer ... what are they trying to hide ??? Could there be lead or other band materials they are using for thier toys ?
 We bought this toy for our son 's 3rd birthday . We were very excited since our son loves music and has other musical instruments that he likes to play with . We have purchased various other Melissa & Doug toys that we are VERY pleased with . This piano is very cute , but we can not get pass the AWFUL sound . The sound resembles that of a piano , but thats as close as it gets . If we had to do it again , we would not purchase this item . The sound is unaccepable even for a toy . In the future , we will be very careful about making on-line purchases of musical instruments by Melissa & Doug . They missed the mark on this one !
 I bought my teddy bear at Christmas Mouse , on discount , this August 2011 . Now I know why . If you go to wwww.shiningstars.com , you are informed that Russ Berrie , licensor of the Shining Stars line , has filed for bankrupcy on April 26 , 2011 . You are also informed that the Shining Stars website is no longer maintained . If you are buying the toy just because it 's cute , great . If you want the star registry print out , you wo n't be getting it.Also , remember that the Star Registry is not really legitimate . Astronomers do n't recognize the Star Registry . Hope this helps .
 I thought I was purchasing a very solid and very durable high-quality bamboo go board . It is sturdy and seemed well-built at first . I was a bit annoyed that the grid was not burnt into the board and is instead drawn on . For the price it should be . I have had this board for only 2 months and it has already developed * several * cracks between bamboo slats . There must be some issue with the glue used . There is nothing fantastic about my climate that would cause warping , especially with bamboo . I have a half-dozen bamboo cutting boards and have never had issues . I have n't contacted the seller about the quality issues . I 'll update this review when I do with their response .
 Really really junk . The box says it is not for children but adult collectors . It broke after the 2nd windup . Real junk.Schylling High Wheel Robot
 very disappointed . . not for a 3yr old . . he opened it xmas morning and it did not work ! i had 2 wind it up and kick it across the room -LRB- literally -RRB- 4 it to work . also has sharp edges . would not recommend for children .
 So there we go . On Amazon it is listed as a toy - this review treats it as a toy . Only when you get it and have been staring at what seems to be a broken toy for weeks or even months -LRB- live overseas , return much too complicated -RRB- you suddenly see in small print on the packaging that this is a collector 's item and not for children . Ok . Grown up toy then . I finally read enough reviews to find out HOW to make it work - only after I 'd opened it up and examined it with a non-engineer 's eye . Whole ordeal just very bloody annoying . My son WILL actually be entertained by it and plays gently enough to enjoy it - but the process was too long and more information was needed up front .
 Bought for my three year old godson to eat and do homework . Although manufacturer 's recommended age is 24 months to 6 years , this was a bit small for him .
 My mom got this table and chairs for our 22 month old for Christmas . She likes having a table and chairs and likes dragging the chairs all over the house . However , the table and chairs are very light weight and easily knock over which worries me when I see her climbing and standing on them . I wish I had gotten her a wooden table and chairs .
 It is cheapgood presantation , many option , but when you start to assamble most of the parts impossible to cement .
 My son loves cars , but unfortunatly , is very disapointed with this toy . The car is supposed to travel through the house , setting off spooky sounds . However , when the car goes into the `` tower '' it flips upside down , becoming jammed . The car can not continue through the house unless you reach in and flip it over , or , shake the house violently -LRB- which is what the frustrated 4 year old does -RRB- . I will not purchase any more of this matchbox series , as my son has decided it is `` not a fun toy , becuase my car gets stuck . ''
 I was very disappointed in the quality and function of this toy . The truck gets stuck in the second tower . The movable parts are hard for a small child to maneuver . Lastly , the slightest `` roughness '' by the child causes it to fall apart . I 'm normally a big fan of matchbox , but not in this case .
 My daughter loved the look of this toy , being a big Halloween and Scooby Doo fan . It probably earned the best review when unwrapped at Christmastime also but she quickly grew frustrated of the toy 's problem ... The van gets stuck every single time and well , that defeats the whole purpose of this toy - to watch the van run down the haunted course . It was a cute idea . I wish they had executed it better ... after a couple of months , she declared `` It never works right . I do n't want it anymore . '' and off to Goodwill it went ...
 but when he received it as gift from his grandparents , he played with it for a couple of hours and then asked me to take it back to the store because `` it 's boring . '' We 've agreed to just put it in the closet a bit in case he decides to play with it later . While the toy is solidly built , there is n't much substance to it .
 I have not received this order . Hopefully Amazon will refund my money.Enough said
 This is the 3rd and by far the most disappointing of all . The sound does n't work . Yes , I put the batteries in correctly and yes I turned it on . The van/car kept getting stuck . My son was very disappointed and can only play pretend with it . I did n't pay all that money for an interactive toy and it does n't work . Very disappointed in all these sets and will not buy another .
 My daughter rceived this toy as a gift over a week ago and we have yet to see it work after returning it 3 times to get a working one we still have not in my opinion buying this toy is a gamble
 My son also had this toy for about 3 days before it broke . The shaft broke in half , but because he loved it so much I decided to buy another one . This one lasted longer , maybe 2 weeks before it broke also . I continued to let him play with it because he loved it so . Soon though the round bottom part began to crack and all the little beads would come out whenever he turned it on . Will not buy another one . Very cheap manufacturing , especially for a toy geared towards little ones .
 First of all , DO NOT pay anything more than the $ 19.99 that Toys R Us asks for this item in the store . It 's not remotely worth $ 20 , but at least you wo n't go broke for the 2 days your child will be able to play with it before it breaks . My 2 yr old ADORED this toy but the first one broke -LRB- the shaft snapped in two when he tripped while holding it -RRB- within 5 days of opening it , and like a fool I bought him another . That one did n't last 48 hrs . -LRB- the shaft broke again , this time when he dropped it ... from about a foot off the ground . -RRB- And thank goodness Toys R Us has a generous return policy and gave me my money back both times . Do your research before you purchase this . The internet is filled with horrible reviews of this product . My son is crushed that he lost his favorite toy - twice - and I 'm angry at the manufacturer for making such a shoddy product . Save yourself some money and save your child some heartbreak .
 My son got this and & the leaf blower for his birthday and less than 15 minutes after it was opened , it was broken at the extension point . I watched him & his friends the whole time and it was not abused . It was a gift from a local Toys R Us and they refused to even exchange the defective one without a receipt even though the sign did n't indicate this was the policy until 6-12-06 . He has a blast with the leaf blower but I am not thrilled with Toys R Us and probably wo n't shop there anymore . Extremely poor customer service . Too bad Home Depot is letting their name get associated with such poor toys and bad service .
 So , I did all the research last Christmas to buy our son a weed wacker so he could do yard work just like his Daddy . I saw the reviews that said the shaft breaks and it is just down right not durable . I convinced myself to buy it by thinking , `` Our kid is n't destructive with toys ... and it would really make him happy . I 'll take my chance that maybe the others who commented just received a lemon '' Well , sure enough , the shaft broke by New Year 's Day and to this day the weed wacker is covered with gray duck tape just to keep the thing together . Bottom line , it is a fun toy , but it is made so extremely bad . Bummer . Read the reviews before purchasing this product , they are real and they will save you money . I notice that John Deere has a trimmer out this year . I believe I may look into the John Deere for this Christmas .
 I was hesitant to purchase this toy due to the price but I knew my son would absolutely love it . From the time he opened it he ran around and pretended to weed eat like daddy , unfortunately it lasted less than a day . The weed eater shaft has a push button lock that allows it to collapse and expand . Initially , I thought it was a decent idea but after playing with it for about 4 hours the shaft detached from the motor and exposed the wire that runs to the end of the unit . Once this wire becomes detached , the unit will no longer make any noise or do anything . I would be reluctant to buy this product but if you do , I would highly recommend using plastic epoxy or super glue around the collapsible portion of the shaft to keep it from pulling apart .
 At first I was very excited to get this toy as a Christmas gift for my Grandson , however when he opened the package he was so excited to get the weed timmer and while Daddy took it out of the box it fell apart . Needless to say he was so disappointed as was I. I did e-mail Amazon who notified the company and I received a replacement in less than 24 hours . While I was waiting on the replacement from the company I found the exact same toy on line from Toys R Us for $ 30.00 less than I paid for it . But the worse thing is that the company I received it from was `` Toys R Us '' , talk about rip off . I do n't believe that I will order any more toys from this company , even though they replaced it in a timely mannor .
 My 2 year old son fell in love with this toy . That is the reason that I bought trimmer # 3 tonight ! The first one stopped working only after a few weeks . He was heartbroken , so we thought there would be no chance for the toy to break that easily again ... WRONG ! The second one did the same thing after a month or two . He is not rough with the toy . It was never dropped or mistreated . It just stops working ! It is only a matter of time , I 'm sure , before this one stops . I am not an idiot for buying # 3 . When your 2 year old looks at you with tears in their eyes because their toy wo n't work , it kinda tugs at your heart-strings ! It is crazy that this toy will not last longer than it has for us . Your child will love it ... but , you should be prepared to buy about 3 or 4 !
 My son was so thrilled to recieve this , and played quite happily with it for about an hour - then it quit working . I replaced the batteries , but it still did not work . We set it aside , with plans to return it . A few hours , later , he picked it up again , and miraculously , it worked ! So we played quite happily for another hour or so , then it quit working again . We are returning for a refund , and will not be purchasing this toy again . I have a very disappointed little guy .
 My son had this for less than a month and it broke . My son loves his weed eater so we are going to try the john deer one .
 I purchased this toy for my grandson and initially he was very excited but that excitement soon turned to disappointment . The toy broke after a few days and very little use . Considering the cost of this toy I expected it to last longer than a week . The toy was not misused or abused , just typical toddler use . It really turned out to be an expensive piece of junk .
 This toy is very poorly made . My son played with his for about 15 minutes before the moving parts stopped moving . I was watching him the entire time and he did n't drop it or bang into anything with it . It just stopped working . We sent it back and got a replacement . This one was already damaged . The button to start it was stuck down and would n't work . We sent it back for a refund without even getting it out of the box . It 's unfortunate that this toy is so cheaply made , because my 3-year-old son loves to play with it ... or at least he did for the first 15 minutes when it was working !
 I bought this as gift for my nephew , who loves to act like he is weedeating . Well the toy only lasted for about an hour before it broke . The shaft broke and I plan on returning it . I ca n't believe a toy that is broken so easily is still being sold . I wo n't be buying anymore toys made by this company again . He was so upset that it broke , so now he has to pretend with sticks again . If I could have rated this toy any lower I would have given it less than one star .
 As mentioned by some , this toy was a bit of a challenge to put together . Once it was together my son could n't wait to play with it . He had several of the vehicles along with the small loop tracks and the idea of a large track like this was very exciting . He did n't have a problem getting the vehicles to go all the way around . That seemed to work fine . The main problem we encountered with this toy is that it just would not stay together . My son became very annoyed with it . It got to the point where he did n't even want to play with it because it always came apart . I ended up throwing it in the trash . It is a large toy & takes up lots of space when assembled . I do n't have enough space to keep junk like that around . It could 've been a great toy if it was more durable .
 We just purchased this toy when the Hot Wheel Cyborg Assault , my 4 yr old 's gift from Santa , BROKE after a few minutes of -LRB- supervised -RRB- play . They were out of the Cyborg 's so my son chose this . He is in there now calling it junk . It was confusing to assemble and the car will NOT stay on the track as it shows in the pictures , no matter how much you REV it . My son has a difficult time revving it without making it click , and then getting it on the track correctly is a trick . This one will probably go back to the store as well . I think we are done with Hot Wheels -LRB- for as long as I can get away with it ! -RRB-
 We are returning this toy after giving it to our 4-year-old for his birthday . It does n't do what it is supposed to do -LRB- climb all the way up -RRB- and it is flimsy and does n't stay together . Our son decided he did n't want to keep it . It has taken a while to get it back to the store , but even sitting out he and his 6-year-old brother have shown absolutely no interest . What a dud ! Mattel should be ashamed of themselves -- do they not test these toys before releaseing them ? If you already bought it -- return it . If you are thinking about buying it -- do n't !
 My son got this for Christmas , and i am sad to say that I STILL have not figured out how to put this thing together !!! The pieces pop back out when I try to assemble them , it is NOT WORTH THE MONEY !!
 My son got this as a Christmas present and is very frustrated because the cars will not stay on the track and flip around like it is supposed to . As others have said , it 's just too flimsy and maybe if you hold the track together , you might get it to work . The magnetic cars are fun , but you can buy those seperately .
 Talk about a waste of time and money . The track does not stay together properly and worst of all is the car that is supposed to make it all the way around the track . Well , no matter how hard you try to rev the car up - it fails 9 times out of 10 to make it around the track.My son received two of this item for his 6th birthday . We opened one , and promptly returned the other after the disappointment in the overall performance of the car and track . The one he kept has not been played with since .
 I bought the Skyway track for my son 's 5th birthday . The track is difficult to assemble for an adult , it does n't stay together , and the cars ca n't make it around the track without falling off . This was a real disappointment . A simplied system of the track would be so much more appealing and functional . It 's more fun to roll the cars up the refrigerator door . Also , the rev ups cars themselves come apart . They are held together with rubberbands ! I 'm not sure why the manufacturer ca n't find a better way to attach the body of the car to the wheels . My son was quickly frustrated and then disinterested . This is a great idea very poorly executed .
 We got this toy yesterday , putting it together was no problem although it 's a bit wobbly but it did n't fall appart on us , but my son is having more fun with the car by itself , we tried and tried to rev it up enough to go all the way but it always seems to stop right in the middle before the upside down stunt , we tried to start reving it up in the middle but it still lost energy and stopped in the middle , and it 's very slow , it 's like looking at a turtle walk . . so my son lost interest in it and is now playing with the car on the fridge and the dishwasher -LRB- magnetic -RRB- . . I think i 'll try and get him the rest of the cars , maybe our car is faulty and if not , i think the cars by themselves are fun.I hope this helps .
 Playtime about 10minutes , cheaply made and very limited usefulness ... $ 24 for 10 minutes ????? Very disappointed in this productDo n't waste your money
 It plays 4 short songs , the ear phones do n't even fit a 3 year olds head and it is too big to fit a doll . The biggest waste of money ever !
 thankfully i opened the package right away when i received it - totally not what i thought - they are the size of matchbox cars , maybe smallerwill return
 I bought these assuming they were larger cars . You think I would have learned by now to read the fine print .
 Their puzzles are in the worst condition we 've ever seen!The layers of the pieces were seperating and many bent pieces!NOT very interlocking either.I will never buy the Melissa & Doug puzzles again !
 This puzzle was not as much fun as we had thought it would be . Many of the pieces were damaged but they were all there.We finished the puzzle , but I would n't recommend it .
 I purchased this puzzle based on the reviews on Amazon , but I was disappointed in the quality of the pieces . The pieces were warped and layers splitting . Yes , I put it together and liked the picture , but it went off to the library for donation . Quite disappointing .
 Purchased this as a Christmas gift for my 5 y/o son . Multiple tracks do n't snap together , and the tabs break very easily ! We were able to do some racing , which is fun ... when it worked . Very poor quality product . Would not recommend this to anyone . I 'm going to a hobby shop to `` test drive '' different ones before making another purchase .
 I got this as a stocking stuffer for my 6yr . old son . It was fun for about an hour and then the gun broke.So much for that !
 This was ordered on July 29 , 2008 and it was never received . In fact , I completely forgot I had ordered until I received the request to review the product . I am very disappointed and so is the child I was going to give this toy to .
 bought this plane with additional wing/repair parts kit for Christmas . we waited until it was dead calm and headed out to a field . never flew . unable to take off from ground . seems very cheap . a huge Christmas disappointment . tried it with both sets of wings/horiz and vert stabilizers to see if it was a defective or damaged part - no joy . i am looking into buying a better plane from a local hobby store . i would not recommend this product .
 This kite has a good overall flight performance with the exception of excessive oscillation in the wing tips at high speed -LRB- 15k wind -RRB- . Only fair production quality -- one of the female connector 's glue attachment came apart in first assembly . The other two came off after first flight -- not happy making repairs right out of the box . Good product but should be better made , or better quality control at this price level . I have cheaper kites from other lines that are made just as well if not better .
 I have five different Prism kites and they have worked well for a long time.Not this one.I have been flying stunt kites for over 30 years and have about 20 of them.Many types and brands , most have been great to fly and some have lasted since I started flying kites.Prism has always made a nice product until now.I flew this kite once with no problem except it was a lot slower and stable that advertised.The second time I flew it , or tried to , two of the wing stay grommets and one of the stays were missing.I wrote Prism and they never got back to me . I later found one of the grommets in the car.No crashes and it is already missing parts . The newer stay grommets screw together , so Prism knew there was a problem with the earlier design . Yet they wo n't even answer my e-mail . I wo n't buy their products again .
 I was extremely excited to get this kite and take it with me to the beach for the weekend . I got the kite , took it out and carefully put it together . I thoroughly inspected it for any signs of damage during shipping . I unpacked it again at the beach , it was n't a very windy day luckily so I thought it would be a great day to learn . I 've flown a dual-line kite before , but this was the first one I owned.Well , I lifted off the ground but my lines were n't even so it spun back to the ground after reaching only about 6-8 feet in the air . I tried again , but this time I noticed one of the wings was flapping . I set it back down and went to take a look . The connector between the upper and lower leading edges snapped in half on my first crash . That was it for flying for the day.I found an authorized Prism dealer and repair about a half an hour away from where we were camping . I took the kite in the next day to have them look at it . For $ 11 they replaced the part and fixed the kite . They mentioned that it was a weird part to break like that , and they do n't see it too often . The connector is glued to one of the leading edges out of the box , so both the connector and the leading edge had to be replaced . I double checked with them to make sure I did n't do anything stupid on my end to cause the break . I took it back to the beach and decided to give it another go.This next flight I was able to fly for around 10-15 minutes , only crashing twice . The second time I crashed , the connector on the opposite leading edge broke . I gave up , contacted Amazon and was able to return the kite . For a kite that 's supposed to be durable enough for beginners to learn on , this kite did not hold up to even a simple crash . I went with this kite after a lot of research and was very disappointed in the quality that I received . If I was closer to a kite shop and did n't mind stocking up on a bunch of replacement parts , then the kite flew great ... in the short amount of time I was able to fly it .
 The picture that was shown was very deceiving . I thought I was getting something a little different from the one I received . The one that was sent to me I purchased the same thing in a local store for half of the price . I would never buy from this seller again they are very over-priced . Also the shipping was way too high . I am sorry I can not give this seller a few 0 's -LRB- zeros -RRB- .
 You get what u pay for ! Low quality chess pieces ! Looks nice from the picture , but not very good quality when in use ! Go for a similar product of Jaques of London !!!
 I was hoping there are some wooden chess sets of reasonable quality in the price range bellow $ 30 . Unfortunately there are no such things on Amazon . The product description is either wrong or intentionally misleading and you can find the same low quality product from CHH Imports -LRB- # 2147 -RRB- advertized by multiple sellers , but rarely showing the true product picture . I wish Amazon , can do better job enforcing sellers to show honest picture or correct product identification . However , this chess set has strikingly different size of white and black pieces , the chessboard was scratched and squares are fake wood . This item will only work as a toy for young kids -LRB- although this might be dangerous since it contains small pieces -RRB- . Please be aware that most -LRB- if not all -RRB- `` Book Style '' chess sets around $ 30 advertized on Amazon.com are this product , no matter what picture is used . Do not be misled , do not order this item !
 The pieces look like larger versions of a cheap wooden chess set . The set pictured here on Amazon and on the product package shows a contrast between the light and dark pieces that is much greater than in actuality . And the finish and styling of the pieces shown on the packaging is of much higher quality than what you get . The walnut case is nice , though , -LRB- henc eethe two stars -RRB- with a good photo of a pine/walnut squared chess board fixed to it .
 I generally like Parents magazine toys and I have several of them that I am very happy with , but this one is piece of junk.We got it for my son 's first birthday and opened it . I was so disappointed with it .1 - Top
 pros
 I found the same problems with this toy as all the others have stated . THe cord on th phone is too short , the beads are awkward , after having it for 2 hours it no longer lights up , and the keyboard only plays mary had a little lamb over and over . My son never plays with it . It will be in the next box of goodwill items ...
 My 18-month-old daughter chucked this cube across the room -LRB- out of frustration with its many challenging and annoying functions -RRB- , and it did n't break ... that 's all the good I have to say about it . Like the others , my husband -LRB- who is a born engineer who has missed his calling -RRB- was the only one able to figure out how to open the clock door , we think the phone cord is WAY too short , the letters/numbers are too difficult for a 30-year-old mom to push through their respective slots , and overall the toy is colorful but very BLAH . We also would have spent more on an expensive activity cube that will last as well as entertain . This toy sits in the corner and is rarely used by my daughter or any of her playdates . UPDATE
 This is not a good cube toy . As others have stated , the phone is too closely attached , the buttons play only one song and the bead paths are awkward at best . It also took me a LONG time to figure out how to get the letters out of the inside of the box . If it took me awhile , I ca n't imagine how long it would 've taken my daughter to figure it out . She mostly carries the thing around here and there ... WHEN she actually plays with it . This cube generally sits in the toy box . Please do n't waste your money !!
 The phone string was too short . This is due to the choking hazard but my son still got angry because the only way you could `` use '' the phone was to hold it in front of him.Most of the sides were difficult to play with because they were too small . The beads on top were hard to manuver because it was such a tight space .
 This cube was a gift for my daughter 's first birthday . It looked like an exciting toy coming out of the box , but the fun ended there.-We found the cord for the phone too short as well . Plus there is a cover on the buttons to push for the phone -LRB- WHY ? -RRB- that requires an ADULT with very strong fingernails to open so the child can get at the buttons.-The bead maze is awkward as the beads are too large -LRB- or the loops too small -RRB- so the beads get stuck.-The piano plays the same tune no matter what keys you press and in what order . What 's wrong with my kid playing her own song ? I know she ca n't play Twinkle Twinkle little star yet ! - The clock on the bottom side opens up to let out the shape sorting pieces , and does n't close back up unless the hands are pointing at the 12 . I figured this out after several minutes of fiddling with the darn thing.-The sheer awkwardness of this toy makes me think it was developed by someone who does not have or know any babies and that it was not tested at all before going to market.I love Parents ' magazine , but if this toy is the best they can make , editors should clearly stick to writing about kids and leave toy creating to the experts at fisher price .
 My one year old liked this toy in the shopping cart , but once we got home it has not been played with alot . The beads are not much fun because they do n't move easily and the numbers and letters are hard to push in . I should have spent the money on the big cube toy instead .
 I got this as a hand-me-down toy and my daughter loved it from about 6 months old to 9 months old . Yesterday I threw away all of the number and letter shapes because the paint was scratched off under her fingernails and yes , on her lips ! I washed her off as best I could and I just pray that this was not one of the toys from China made with lead paint !
 My brother bought this for my kids last Christmas . I agree with everything everyone else has said about it . It came with no directions . Someone finally figured out how to open the door to the clock . My kids ripped the door off and it disappeared . The beads are too big for the maze . The shapes only fit into the sorter if you have a mechanical engineering degree . The twirly thing does n't do anything . And , we ca n't figure out how to make the music start . Sometimes the thing makes music , and sometimes it does n't . I put it away for a year and just brought it out for the kids to play with . They were so excited one hour ago and now are already frustrated with it and are throwing it off of things . Also , I opened the door to replace the batteries for the very first time , and now the screw wo n't hold the door shut and I had to tape it shut . My brother had a baby this year - I 'm thinking of giving the box to him as payback for the frustration .
 I liked the number of features incorporated into one toy , but now I regret the purchase . It 's a space hog , and the kids play with it enough that they would notice and be disappointed if it just disappeared . The paint is chipping off the letters , and they are n't a great fit into the holes anyway . The parts where the bead-like things slide on the tubes -LRB- sorry , I ca n't describe it well ! -RRB- are too close to one another for my son to manuveur them easily . The phone cord is too short to really use it as a phone . -LRB- A friend who has an older version of this toy said that there is no cord attaching their phone , so I 'm thinking about just cutting it . -RRB- Parts get stuck all the time , which is usually when my kids get bored with it.We love other toys from Parents -LRB- whose name is on this -RRB- and it 's a good magazine , but this one just does n't measure up . I had much higher hopes after buying -LRB- and loving -RRB- their blocks and their music set .
 When we bought this toy the sound worked for one day . We changed the batteries several times and still nothing , no sound at all . I agree with the string being short . I guess I will put it in the donation box , I really feel bad about doing that due to it not making sounds .
 My triplets received this as a present for their first birthday from a friend of ours . It looks fun - but it 's nothing but trouble . The first day they ripped off the plastic cover to the phone numbers . The second day they ripped off the clock panel that you have to open to get the blocks out.The phone cord well you do n't want it too long so they strangle themselves - but they ca n't use the phone at all because you 'd have to lay ontop of the box to put the phone to your ear as the cable is just a couple of inches long . Unless they pickup the whole box to try to get the phone to their ear and then it 's a big heavy box - not alot of fun.The beads get stuck in the maze when I try to move them and I 'm an adult with excellent manual dexterity . The kids certainly never managed to figure them out.The clock panel permanently seperated from the box does provide a great deal of entertainment for our kids . But the cube never gets played with only carried around - tripped over - and dropped on things . No fun for the parents for certain.The shape sorting blocks are not easy to shape sort -LRB- circles and triangles are easier -RRB- - and instead these ` blocks ' shaped like numbers and letters get wedged into every other toy the kids own . Surely that 's not the manufacturer 's fault but that D. . . that dangnable D block is almost the size of most ball tube toys -LRB- like ball poppers and the like -RRB- but not exactly so it gets wedged into things ... and I am CONSTANTLY beating it out of other toys - until I simply gave up and threw the D away.This toy is lots of frustration - not alot of fun - and not particularly durable . I suggest you consider a different toy instead .
 This advertisement does not list the scales on the rule , or allow a viewer to enlarge it to see the scales . Wake up Amazon .
 My son bought this toy and broke it within one day of playing with it . And it was just normal play - nothing extraordinary .
 When I ordered this I was expecting a big book with many pages . But when it arrived I was highly disappointed . There were few pages and the book itself was very small . I 'm very displeased with the product .
 My seven yr . old got this as a present . The game itself is attractive and well constructed . However , it drastically lacks any strategic challenge . The game says for ages 5 and up . But , my seven yr . old was way too old for it . At least with tic-tac-toe there was some challenge until every game became a `` cat 's game . '' With Topitop EVERY game was a `` cat 's game '' . It would be more appropriately used for teaching a two yr . old to stack , but , the game pieces would be a choking hazard . It baffles me to read that this game has won awards . You are better off leaving this one on the shelf .
 I was a little disappointed with this jar -LRB- especially since I love Alex products -RRB- being that it had a few bags of true crafts and then a ton of confetti filler on the inside . They could have saved the messy confetti and shipped the useable materials in a sandwich size baggie .
 MY DAUGHTER GOT THIS FOR HER BIRTHDAY ! HALF THE MAGNETS WERE MISSING & THE REST FELL OUT THAT SAME DAY ! SAVE YOUR MONEY ! WE LOVE POLLY POCKET BUT FOR THE PRICE THINGS SHOULD BE MADE BETTER ! THEY EITHER RIPE OR DO N'T WORK RIGHT ! WE ARE DONE BUYING POLLY POCKET .
 I bought my daughter the boutique one day and she loved it . It is really neat and she played with it all day long . When her daddy got home , she went to show him how it worked and he had discovered that the magnets had fallen out of some pieces . This was very upsetting since we just got it that day .
 Our daughter enjoyed this toy very much , for a total of 4 days . Then , the mechanism that slides up and down -LRB- to do the `` magic '' of dressing the Polly Pocket -RRB- jammed in the `` down '' position ... for good . Our daughter was quite distressed . She was using it VERY carefully -LRB- I was watching her when it died -RRB- , so it did not fail due to misuse . I have worked on this thing for a couple of hours , without taking it apart -LRB- yet -RRB- , all to no avail . There is no visible cause for why it 's jammed , but at this point , it 's nothing more than a frustrating piece of junk . If I get it fixed , or Mattel sends a replacement , I 'll update my review if I can .
 The tiny magnets embedded in many of the small accessories fall out ! These magnets are small-very small . They are about the size of a small earing back . Now , if your idea of a safe toy is to let your 4 year old play with such things , then this toy is for you . Otherwise , steer clear of this unsafe product .
 When I got this toy I figured it would be a blast . It was at first . But the doll is a bore . She is completely stiff , if you try to bend her legs or arms they will break . Do n't waist your allowance on this toy .
 My daughter who is five saw the commercial for this toy and really wanted it so I bought it expecting it to work just as the commercial showed it . Well we were sadly disappointed . We put the doll into the dressing room and placed the clothes onto the spots where they belong . We pulled the thing to make the doll come out dressed and the clothes did not go onto her like they showed on the commercial . The dolls can not stand up or bend . I wish this toy was made alot better . I must say on a positive note that the pieces to dress the dolls with are really cute and I love how they go onto the hangers . I would not have this toy around when small children are present because some of the pieces are REALLY TINY .
 Lots of problems . First , the dressing elevator does n't work , for the Polly comes out undressed ever time , and her feet do not fit in the shoes . Second , the clothes rack can only hold three outfits , for if you put more on they stick together . Do n't buy this toy , and just buy the basic pollys .
 Hi to start I hate this toy ! On the commercial it moved so quickly that I had to get it but now I wish I had n't . It took me forever just to figure out how to load the clothes . And you have to move it so slowly when she comes out of the curtiuns . Very rarely does she come out with all of her clothes on ! and Polly is stiff . The magnet came out of one of her pigtails and one of her hair flowers . Well anyway it 's a really bad toy so do n't get it !! Hope this was helpful Brooke .
 I purchased this toy for my little girl and after the first few minutes of play we had lost one magnet from the pony tail , and then we lost the other pony tail magnet . Obviously , this toy ca n't be very much fun if the magnets fall off and the clothes can not be attached . I purchased it two days ago and we have played with it twice losing a total of four magnets . Not worth your money !
 I bought this for my Polly-crazy 7 year old . The kids were excited to try the toy out right away , but soon discovered that it was not as easy as the commercial makes it appear . -LRB- is anything ? -RRB- Polly 's clothes hang rather precariously from the `` changer '' by two very weak magnets . It can be difficult to keep the clothes in place long enough to push the changer into position . Polly has to be carefully adjusted into her shoes before pushing her into the changing room . Sometimes it takes a couple of tries before she comes out dressed . The kids did n't seem to mind the trial and error phase at first , but eventually gave up and just manually stuck Polly 's clothes to her . Also , this toy does n't work with the other Pollys you have at home . It requires the special magnetized doll.All in all , this seems like too much fuss and bother just to dress a doll .
 This doll is a rip-off ! My little sister got this for her birthday . There is only 1 doll that can wear the clothes and get them on . She can not move ! She ca n't sit in the car , stand up , or wear most of any of the other Polly clothes . The Quik Click thing is just stupid . It takes a less amount of time to just put the clothes on manually ! And more than 3/4 of the time the clothes do n't go on ! The commercial is a lie . The clothes do n't go on so fast and you have to reload-it does n't do it itself . Worst of all , my little sister accidently dropped it and guess what ? More than half of the clothes are broken ! Do they EVER test toys anymore ?
 stinks ! It barely works . It is only fun 5 times then it gets boring
 The set is cute , but you have to click the clothes on by hand . When I did the thing , Polly came out with the front of her dress on her head ! I do n't really recomend it unless you think the front of a dress on your head is a good look .
 We bought this toy today and it 's terrible . It does not work as advertised . You place the clothes on the `` loader '' and put the doll in the `` dressing room '' . However , when you push down on the plunger to dress the doll , no matter how slow you go , the back of the doll is too close to the clothes and it knocks them off , while the front of the doll is nowhere near close enough to touch the doll . Very bad design ... this is the worst Polly Pocket toy ever -LRB- and we have bought a few ! -RRB-
 This polly toy is b.o.r.i.n.g. . The doll is sooooooooooo stiff . You cant move her legs or arms if you do , they break ! The clothes do n't stay on , either !! The only cool thing about it is you roll the doll in the dressing room , pull her out , and the clothes are on her ! I saw the commercials , and it does look cool ! But , do n't let those fool you , the toy stinks ! Do n't buy this toy !!!
 My daughter was very excited about this toy but could not get it to work . Even I got very frustrated trying to line everything up and use just the right amount of pressure to get it to work . After just a few uses , the ramp jammed , and the toy now no longer works at all . And when we could get the doll dressed , my daughter was frustrated that the clothes pop off so easily , and she really could n't play with her since she ca n't bend . Overall extremely frustrating for both of us .
 We received this as a birthday gift . The `` dressing room '' is supposed to place the clothes on the doll but , in practice , it does n't work . First , the plastic clothes are difficult to place in the holders when the clothing applicator is in the top position . Second , the clothes do n't stick to the `` applicator '' - they fall off as you lower them into the chute and end up wedged into the bottom . Third , when you slide Polly into the dressing room , she gets hung up on the `` curtains '' and it takes 2 hands - one holding the slider and one to lift the curtain out of the way . Fourth , any clothes that DO stick to the applicator all the way down to reach the doll do n't end up on the doll . The applicator did n't close enough to attach the magnetic clothes . There is a 1/2 - 3/4 inche gap between the clothes and the doll.It 's just easier to manually dress Polly without the silly `` magic dressing room '' . The clothes are the magnetic version of Polly Pockets . I personally prefer the older rubberized clothes that stretch to fit . I 've not been impressed with Polly Pockets in general as the non-clothing accessories do n't seem to work as described -LRB- cars , carrying cases , etc. -RRB- All the itty bitty teeny weensy pieces are destined to get lost almost immediately or sucked up by the vacuum cleaner . But , that 's true for all Polly Pockets . Do n't buy any Polly Pockets if you have children under the age of 3 around . They are bound to end up choking on piece or shoving a tiny shoe up an orifice.We advised the gifter not to purchase this in the future as it just does n't work ! We exhanged this toy for a Fairytopia Barbie .
 I bought this for my 16 month old daughter for Christmas and while it is cute , I would say it has n't been as great as I thought it would be based on the reviews . The barn itself is sturdy but the rooster stopped crowing 2 days after we got it . Perhaps it just is n't a good fit for my little one but other than listening to the animals make their respective noise -LRB- of only three still work -RRB- there is n't much for her to `` do '' with the toy . She takes them out of the barn , squeezes them a couple of times for the sounds they make , then leaves them on the floor and goes off to play with something else . I have tried to play with her using them but she just is n't all that interested and sometimes she has difficulty locating the correct spot to push on the animals to make their noise . I sent an email to the company a week ago regarding the broken rooster to see if they could help me with a replacement and currently no word from them . If I had to do it over again , do n't think I would buy this one again .
 It would be good if it 's for my own children , but it suppose to be a gift . When it arrived , it was just wrapped in a clear plastic . With not original boxing or at least label . It looked cheap and make it seem like it 's used and they just repackage it . I went out and buy a separate gift box for it , but I 'm still hesitant to give it as a gift . It does n't even have instructions , care , recommended age , nothing !
 As has been mentioned frequently , Puss n Boots was the best thing to happen to Shrek 2 . And f you were like me , you knew you 'd just have to have a stuffed replicat of the adorable kitty for your very own.In the Amazon search results -LRB- `` Shrek 2 '' + Puss -RRB- Donkey 's photo appears first and just what you would expect
 I was very disappointed . It is very small , the quality of the fabric is very low . It was n't even good for display , as a toy is ; do n't even think about it
 This outdated game features rudimentary graphics and a cumbersome interface . It does not work well at all on the Windows 7 OS . I had to pay a total of $ 17.38 in postage and a return fee to send it back . The dealer -LRB- Best Games Deals -RRB- claimed that most games made for Windows 98 or Windows XP will not work on Windows 7 . I know this to be false because Rise of Nations , Age of Empires III , Railroad Tycoon 3 and Children of The Nile , all released before Win7 , work fine on the newer OS .
 When i received the product here at my address i had to ship it to our son in kentucky for our GrandDaughter.He opened it up and found there was no screws to put it together and it had dings and marks all on the wood from not being wrapped good for shipping purposes.I am sorry but we are very disappointedDavid Gagnon
 Seriously , this product is available at Target , right now , for less than $ 5 . There is no way anyone should pay nearly $ 20 more for the exact same thing !
 It was easy enough to make , with clear instructions , but you may want to let it sit for more than 24 hours , we took ours out after one day , put it in our garden and it broke in half as soon as someone stepped on it .
 Who puts glass in a craft project for kids and makes it a stepping stone ????? Ended up with cut feet , a dangerous glass mess to clean up . This item needs to have the glass pieces removed from it ASAP !!!
 I ordered this product about a week ago . When I recieved the package , it was the wrong one . the outside address was mine , but the one on the slip was another persons address along with their order . I called customer service and they were very helpful .
 First off , I 'd like to mention that I do not own this set . This is not a review about the set but a statement about how I feel regarding Lego and their Bionicle line.Lego is trying to milk all the money out of Bionicle as they can . I remember the good old days when there were only toa , turaga , and bohrok . Those were the good old days . Now Lego has kept adding on with more ridiclously priced sets and ever increasing models . This is what , the fifth set of toa ? I will stick with the old sets and remember the good times of Bionicle .
 man , what is the point for this stupid toy ?! all it is are fancy pieces of plastic with holes in 'em . OOOOHHHHH ! wow . so.cool ... NNNNOOOOOTTTT !
 I did not enjoy this game . I found the rules to be overly complicated ... even for such a game . I love to play more intricate games like Runebound , Arkham Horror , and Fury of Dracula . These all have detailed rules that can be potent ... in my opinion , these were beyond that . And I did n't believe that gameplay made up for it as I did n't find it to be fun.The pieces are good sturdy pieces , but that also made them very challenging to `` punch out '' ... although technically I had to carefully cut each plastic piece ... even then I found them hard to cut . But they are sturdy and will last some time.I felt the game moved slowly and did n't offer what some of my other games offered . I was sad that I bought it . If you like other games by this publisher , you might enjoy this game a lot . I unfortunately regretted having purchased it and gave it away to someone who was excited to receive it .
 the toy has beautiful paintjob , but the flaw is that you cant move the arms or legs its the only figure i know that trish has .
 I received green recycled wood plates and , and yellow cups , I kept them just because the girls enjoyed playing with them anyway . Was n't what was expected !
 Although very cute , this set is too small to be of use except to very small toddlers . For our preschool children it was not appropriate . I sent it back to Amazon immediately .
 This is TINY . Really . The photo on the box shows a four year old with a ball nearly 1/2 her size . In reality , it is about 1/4 her size . I bought this for my 5 year old to replace a hoppy ball that had lasted 15 years in our family but finally died . We blew this up and it 's the size of a medium sized ball - smaller than a beachball , larger than a soccer ball . Silly . Will only last my 43 '' daughter a short time , and is certainly not as advertised . I am going to have to buy her a different brand instead . DISAPPOINTED .
 My older son has a different kind of bounce ball , so I know how these are supposed to work , and this one just does n't . It is way smaller than the picture implies , far too small for a four-year old . Also , it is hard as a rock and has almost no give or bounce -LRB- and no I did n't fill it with too much air ; less air and it would be too small for a kid to even sit on -RRB- . A terrible ball and a disappointment .
 I bought 2 units of this product , one of these balls was defective -LRB- with a very tiny hole in the holder -RRB- , when my little girl of 5 years old noticed that , she was so sad and I was so disappointed . The other one was OK .
 I bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas so she would have an indoor outlet for her energy . By the afternoon of Christmas day she said it had `` melted '' . The ball went flat . She had fun with it before then , but it sure did n't last . She is five years old and the description stated that it was for four year olds and up , and she is not an overweight girl , just a little tall , so I 'm not sure what happened .
 this item was so small i was ashame to giave it to the child . . When it was blown up the child looked at it and walked away . .
 My daughter did not have a chance to use this bouncer as it never stayed inflated . After inflating , it would start to go flat within a few minutes .
 Just received this package . Opened the box and the ball was foul-smelling and was covered with a disgusting oily residue . Poor quality control ! Horrible !
 The material used for the ball is too thick therefore the ball barely bounces . It is very easily punctured and not alot of fun , more of a waste of money !
 This was not worth the price we paid for this toy !!! People ... do n't be fooled by this . . it was so small . . my 4 year old grand-daughter can not fit on it . Money down the drain !
 very small and ideal for a toddler not a big kid ... i was not pleased and neither my 5 year old a waste of money purchase one from jc penny years ago nothing the same
 We received this ball as a gift for my 5 year old . The box says ages 4 + , and the picture on the box shows a child approximately 3 years old holding a huge ball . It is very misleading , as it only blows up to about 36 '' circumference . It is TINY-smaller than a beach ball . It is PERFECT for our THREE year old . I would say the perfect age range for this toy is 18 months-3yrs , NOT ages four and up . My five year old is VERY disappointed that she ca n't play with this ball as effectively as her little sister . The product packaging is VERY misleading !!!
 I liked the placement options of the 360 however as this unit was used by my two boys -LRB- 9-10 yrs -RRB- to hit the inside and outside pitches the ball holder was destroyed . This unit probably ok for young kids with slow bat speed , but as strength increases this unit will not hold up . Upgrading to -LSB- ... -RSB- this unit is used by colleges/pros alike .
 I would like to see Derek Jeter try and hit off this pitiful tee . Very cheaply made , and very flimsy . No way anyone over 10 years old could use this tee . Very disappointed .
 I just got this tee today . I took my kids to the park . After 12 hits from my 8 year old daughter and 5 from my 5 year old son it snapped . The plastic piece the two screws on the side go into snapped . There was one mishit from my 5 year old . Very disappointing and I will be buying a different brand today .
 This pan set was immediately dented by normal play and the handle on one came off . I am shocked by the lack of quality . From the brand and price , I expected so much more . If I did n't know any better , I would have thought they were from a dollar store . Very disappointing .
 I would not recommend this set . We have a wooden set that is very durable . This set is ruined after one day of play . The metal is flimsy and my son bent the frying pan so that it is unusable now . And he 's only 2 and does n't play that roughly . Very expensive for something destroyed so easily !
 We are huge fans of Plan Toys . However , this set is very poor quality . The wooden lids are very sturdy , however the metal parts were dented after the 1st day of play . They are on there way back to Amazon !
 the metal feels very cheap and within the first hour of playing had shown noticeable denting . plan toys would be better served by charging a few dollars extra to use a heavier gauge steel as this product is not consistent with their otherwise stellar offering .
 These pots are a good size for children but the metal is very thin and dents easily . Also the handle for the frying pan is too heavy for the metal of the pan that the pan does stay flat . We found much better , real stainless steal pots and pans at IKEA for much less money . Although my children play with them , I would n't make this purchase again because of the quality issue.It 's the one PLAN toy that has really disappointed us ...
 I just saw this toy at my friend 's hose . Well , as much as we love Plan Toys , this one is NOT durable whatsoever . The little pot had dents all over . It looked like something you get for 50 cents ... I will definitely NOT but this one for my child . Sorry , Plan Toys , but this time we are going with a different brand .
 I consider toys by Plan Toys as high quality , aesthetically pleasing , extremely durable , ... and high price . This toy only has the high price in common with what I am used to from Plan Toys . The pots are ugly , very flimsy , and got dented within minutes of giving them to my kids . The metal has the stability of a coke can -- the formerly round pots are now egg shaped and wo n't sit flat on the `` cook top '' anymore -- and the wooden lids have now become useless too . IKEA carries a much more cute , much more sturdy line of cooking , baking , and serving utensils at a MUCH better value . I really hope this will be my only disappointing purchase from Plan Toys .
 We bought this for our son a few years ago . We had to return one because it quit lighting up . So when we got the replacement we were excited to make a car . We have tried dozens of times and have not once had sucess . It 's so annoying !! We have read the directions and carefully follow them but still ca n't make a car . I saw an ad for this toy on TV and there were rave reviews on it . I wish I had never bought it !!!
 Do not buy this toy !!! I really would have liked to give this a `` zero '' star rating . My son received this as a Christmas gift and it has been the most frustrating project we have ever attempted . The machine is durable enough and fairly well constructed but it seems almost impossible to achieve success . We have made dozens of attempts to make the cars and have only been able to successfully complete one . The worst part is having to see how disappointed he is every time we open a mold to a failed attempt !
 After running to 3 different stores to try and find the right light bulb , we finally sat down to make our first car . We inadvertently switched the unit on , locking the car before we could even start . Even after running it through 2 cycles , it still would not unlock . I called Crayola and was advised to jimmy the locking pin with a flat-head screwdriver . I was also told I might have to do it every time . Once the unit was opened , we put the wax in the melting tray . It did not completely melt because the tray would not sit flat against the heating plate . After trying to adjust the plate around , we ran another cycle . At the pouring stage , the now melted wax leaked behind the mold -LRB- car filled about 2/3 full -RRB- , through the unit , and onto my kitchen table . This was after I had to force the unit open 2 more times with a screwdriver because the melting plate was stuck . My son would like to know why the elves made him such a poor toy and I have been advised to call Santa so that he can have the elves learn to make better toys !
 I have never taken the time to write a review for any product I 've ever bought . However , this toy was so bad I had to do it . We have tried it four times and each time a new problem . Its in the box ready to be returned to the store tomorrow.First try ... Power cord got bumped , momentary power loss caused toy to get out of sequence . It just kept heating . After 30 min I unplugged and turned off . -LRB- It 's supposed to only heat for 10-15 min -RRB- . Second try ... The thing would not dump the wax when it said it was supposed to . The tray of melted wax hit the back of the cover preventing it from dumping.Third try ... I sanded down the inside cover so the wax tray could move freely . However , this time after the cooling cycle was complete , the latch got stuck and would not release . I waited another 30 mins and still no luck.Fourth and fifth try ... After gimmying the latch with a knife , I got it to work . These times the wax car broke when trying to remove from the mold.Conclusion , This toy is a complete piece of s@#$ . Do not waste your money . It is poorly constructed - latch wo n't release , and tray wo n't dump . And if you do somehow get it to work , you are making a flimsy wax car that will either break in the mold or as soon as you put it in your kids hands .
 There is not much fun in waiting for 15 minutes for crayons to melt and another 15 minutes for them to dry in the mold . The cars break apart easily after taking them out of the mold so you have to start the process all over again . At least you can make the time go by faster the second time by vacuuming up the small bits of wax off the floor from the first mold .
 Do not waste your money . The thing locked down and has n't yet unlocked . The wax melted nicely , but it only filled the mold half way -LRB- using the recommended amount of broken crayons -RRB- . And despite triple checking that the mold was tightly together , the melted wax proceeded to melt through the car . Luckily had the foresight to stick it on newspaper instead of the rug . Do n't know what the `` car '' is like though -- have n't managed to break our way into the machine to get it out . What a sad waste of money . And a couple of rather disappointed kids .
 I have never written a bad toy review before , but this is a necessity . I was very excited about giving this toy to my six-year-old for Christmas . We are on day five now , and we have yet to get the thing to make a car . The crayons do not melt correctly , so we even tried chopping them into tiny pieces prior to melting . Still no car . I have always trusted the name Crayola before , but I will certainly thing twice before buying again . This was a total disappointment for my entire family . So , save your time , money and frustration for a worthwhile toy .
 ... Would not recommend this toy for any age !! Crayon wax leaks from the bottom of this ! I do n't know if ours was defective , but it did n't function properly at all !
 Santa brought this toy to both my 5 year old son , and another one to my 7 year old nephew . Neither units work . We have yet to get one car made . The units keep locking , even when you 're not using the machine ! The lights indicating each stage of the process did not work , so we had to just watch the time and perform the pouring and mold stage without being alerted . When you finally got the car out of the mold it cracked all up trying to get the car on the chasis . This product needs to be recalled!I 've never been so disappointed in a toy in my life ! It obviously was n't tested before it was put on the market . SAVE YOUR MONEY & DO N'T BUY THIS TOY !
 `` Santa '' delivered this for our 2 boys . We have n't been able to make 1 decent car . Either the crayons do n't melt enough , leaving you with half a car , or the car breaks apart before the boys got too play with it . I expected better from a big name company like this . I would n't recommend it to my worst ememy ! I guess maybe this was `` Santa 's '' modern version of coal ?
 I bought this for my 6 year old son for Christmas . We attempted to try it , after fumbling through putting it together with no instructions , but the latch locked and that was it - we could n't get it open again . When I called the 1-800 help line , let 's just say they have a dedicated `` press # 1 '' specifically for this toy - which means they are getting a lot of calls . I have n't been able to use it because it has been stuck closed since we purchased it . I hope once I try `` crayola 's fix '' of getting it unlocked , it works and will work well .
 This is the biggest piece of junk that my kids ever received for a gift . It 's hard to believe it sells for $ 20 . The lid wo n't open when done . The wax never fills the mold enough . It makes a car noise the whole time that you CAN NOT SHUT OFF . I ca n't believe Crayola put their name on this . We ca n't get one car out of it ! Do n't buy this !
 I was shopping for my girlfriend 's kids and ran across this item that I thought was a doll -LRB- for 7.99 -RRB- . The write up on the page does not say that it is just the clothing and not the doll . With that I bought it and had it shipped to her thinking she was getting the doll.Amazon should be more mindful of the item descriptions put up on their site . Do n't get me wrong , she loved it just the same . It was me that was disappointed.Rainy Day Dora
 It is very misleading that this is called `` Rainy Day Dora '' and is pictured with a Dora doll . It should have the word `` outfit '' , `` clothes '' or `` ensemble '' in it . IT IS ONLY THE ACCESSORIES - No doll included .
 This item is just a piece of very thing plastic garbage and I am suprized that something like this is sold on Amazon . Threw it in the trash where it belongs . Waste of good money .
 Very disappointed in this lousy piece of bent , cheap , plastic . Do n't waste your money , it is very overpriced for the quality .
 got it out of the case , filled it up and my 5 years old started to have fun with it , but only lasted 5 minutes , it wouldn ; t work anymore . Worst quality toy ever . DO NOT BUY THIS TOY .
 I bought a couple sizes of the Milestone forms for use in cement stepping stones . They are probably fine for craft projects for church camp or such , but for the items I make , they are not heavy duty enough . They are made of a rather thin clear plastic , comparable to the blister packaging of , say , batteries , for instance . Altho the thicker mil black forms are a bit pricier , they are worth the money
 The description -LRB- when we purchased this item -RRB- was misleading . We dont have all the pieces we need to complete a project -LRB- although the description clearly said mold KIT -RRB- . Kids were bummed . On the plus side , amazon.com was gracious , as always and took great care of us !
 I purchased this item because I was n't able to find a 12-inch stepping stone mold at any of my local craft stores . For some odd reason , I actually expected to receive a 12-inch stepping stone mold . Perhaps I lost a couple of inches in shipping . Had I known that I could have saved about $ 10 -LRB- shipping cost -RRB- by purchasing this same item from a local craft store rather than through Amazon , I surely would have done so . I 'm not going to bother returning it , since I paid so darn much on shipping . I wo n't get that back . : - -LRB-
 I bought this on a lightning deal and gave it to my husband for Christmas . We played with it about 5 minutes . The ball is made of foam as well as the paddles . The ball barely bounces . You have to hit it a lot harder than normal to make it over the net . Then when you expect the ball to bounce back up so you can hit it again , it just kind of rolls on the table . This is not fun - just another source of frustration .
 These Are horrible ... mine completely melted and it was in the snow !!!! DO NOT BUY &#128545; you need to buy steel shafts . Do n't buy stock , at the least buy heavy duty .
 If you are really serious about Japanese PVC toys you need to do your research . When I bought this item it turned out to be a fake reproduction of the Enter Brain item . Enter Brain did have details about the fake and what to look for on their site as bootleggers -LRB- typically Honk Kong and Tai -RRB- had replicated everything down to the box art . There are a few tell tale signs to look for . Chances are , the seller does n't even know they are selling a bootleg . Buyer beware ? I kept the fake to remind me about what happens when you rush into something that looks too good . $ 99 for a fake ... ?
 The chair was much smaller than the dimensions listed on the site . It should not be listed as a `` teen '' chair since my 125lb . 14 year old could not fit in the chair . The chair was returned to Homevisions and the cost and shipping were gladly refunded .
 The chair was much smaller than the dimensions listed on the site . It should not be listed as a `` teen '' chair since my 125lb . 14 year old could not fit in the chair . The chair was returned to Homevisions and the cost and shipping were gladly refunded .
 The Stiga Bart outs shorter than the standard table tennis net . It is about the same width as the table itself . Most nets are wider . As a result out did not fit . The length of the net should be listed in the description
 I was fooled by its title and premise . The game has Uncle Sam throwing you curves and is full of , when you stop playing and think about it , Anti-American nuances . In fact , some of the `` facts '' were wrong ! Which is always a bad sign . Game made in Canada . Enough said . Save your money and try something else !
 These foam balls are nowhere near the quality I expected . The foam is cheap and sheds small particles rather easily . It also does n't rebound the way a foam ball should . If you 're looking for a good quality foam ball , look elsewhere .
 Are you serious ? There is no way on earth that anyone should buy this toy , because you know what , the first time i got it , it was so hard to open , that i pulled it and all the shoes went flying out . So in the first 1 minute i had the toy , i lost 4 sets of shoes ! If you buy this item , you will too . So dont buy it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 The photos make these planes look like collectors items ... they are far from it.While they are solid metal , which is good , the detail is pathetic . I 've seen parts fit together far better on toy airplanes given as prizes for tickets at arcades . For example , on the planes the cockpit windows are obviously plastic , but they do n't even properly fit the metal frame . Each plane usually has two metal halves - and they do n't fit together properly either . To be honest , they look like franken-planes - parts from different models combined to build the whole unit.At $ 25 - so about $ 7 a plane , I feel completely ripped off . I could have bent Coke cans into nicer models than these things !
 The chair was much smaller than the dimensions listed on the site . It should not be listed as a `` teen '' chair since my 125lb . 14 year old could not fit in the chair . The chair was returned to Homevisions and the cost and shipping were gladly refunded .
 Not worth the money at all . Does n't work properly - too much money for something that does n't work well at all .
 I was under the impression the ball on the top of the elephant would turn . It does not . I think it would be a much cooler toy if that part moved . No directions come with the toy . NO way of knowing if the ball was supposed to move or not . Bummed out . It is just a paper weight now .
 This model would be great for a collector . One of those people who wants everything to stay in its perfect packaging . Within five minutes of opening the box , my teenaged son brought the car to me with parts broken off . He is not a rough player , but I think this toy is not for children . It was beautiful and had incredible detail before it self-destructed .
 We purchased this table for $ 14.99 FULLY reading the other reviews so our hopes were not extremely high . BUT I figured for the price and a little help from a little wood glue we would be able to use the table for awhile ! NOT EVEN !! We assembled the table and the next morning my 22 pound 2 year old sat on one of the seats and it collapsed right under him . While he was falling to the ground -LRB- which is n't a very far fall ... its pretty low to the ground , that was n't the issue -RRB- a VERY sharp wood screw protruded out and gouged a three inch gash out of his tiny little leg . We cleaned it up and came to the conclusion it was deep enough for a visit to the ER . Now the table is sitting completely broken out on our deck , just waiting for the recycling truck . My issue is not the money paid ... its the safety of this table . It needs to be taken off Amazon and Becks Internation needs to upgrade their quiality control . SO DISAPPOINTED !
 Even if the rest of the negative reviews were wrong -LRB- which they are not , but I wo n't bore you with a repeat of the same complaints -RRB- , the seats are very far away from the table , making it difficult for a small child to do anything -LRB- eat , draw , read , etc -RRB- on the table.When the screws backed out , seats came off , and table collapsed , we considered fixing it with new screws , holes , wood glue , etc. , but really the design makes it not that great of a table and not even worth the time to do that . In my opinion , it 's not even worth the 14.99 we paid . Someone paying full price would probably be livid .
 I felt compelled to review this table after I started assembling it , and it was falling apart with each piece that I attempted to assemble . The quality is horrible . When I purchased it , I thought it would be good enough for occasional use by my son . All of the other negative reviews are true , and Amazon should stop selling this item . I 'm positive that it is unsafe and it will be heading to the dump where it belongs .
 This table came damaged due to poor packaging . The directions were shredded , there was NO hardware at ALL , and there was an obscure board added to the shipment that did not belong . The white material is a pressed cardboard with white veneer type covering , that is cheap and like I said was damaged in many places . DO N'T buy this unless you want to be extremely dissapointed .
 Sadly ... you get what you pay for and this table was on sale for only $ 15 when we got it . Now we know why . It seemed flimsy already when we built it but it was broken w/in days by 3 tiny girls.Wouldn ' t recommend .
 I got this table in hopes that I would n't have to get one of the $ 100 little tables for the kids , but this thing just does n't cut it . You have to be extremely careful when you move it or you 'll pop the seat right off and then you have to drill another hole to get it to stay . I think that I over paid for this and I only paid $ 15 . We put it out on the patio and it did n't take long for it to be completely destroyed . It has since been used for firewood . I would only buy this if you are looking for a disposable table .
 The table was packaged poorly . After seeing the box , I was n't surprised to find that the table was damaged . The edge of one side of the table top was split . One of the legs was also broken . It was a gift for my niece . . so I just fixed it the best I could.Poor quality pressed wood .
 This item arrived in a damaged box . There were multiple missing parts once opened . The most obvious missing parts were the seats . There were no seats in the box . The instruction manual was for an excercise machine . I am an avid Amazon shopper and have bought many items through Amazon . This table , the condition it came in , has to be the worst thing I 've ever purchased . Obviously I returned it , the return process was not so bad , but I am very disappointed that Amazon would send out such a defective product .
 This table is a piece of junk . It is poorly constructed . There was damage to the table top . The construction is absolute junk . The construction is so poor , I would not feel safe letting my child use this . Some of the wood pieces were separating at the joints . The mounts in the table top were loose , and I could pull them out by hand . I ca n't believe an item of such poor quality is sold for children . This is a lawsuit waiting to happen .
 I bought this for my children for Christmas . I am returning it . The product would not hold together when touched . We could not let our children near it . The screws went through the wood into the seats and it was incredibly flimsy . This product should be looked at and removed from the site . It is not safe use any type of use.If I could rate it a 0 I would . But I instead am putting all 1 's .
 I was disappointed to open the box and find the table top damaged with a big chip in the corner . I guess you get what you pay for ... I definitely would not recommend this product to others
 As we tried to assemble it , the very first screw we put in stripped out of the casing and the board fell right out . Besides other screws stripping out , the two boards for the bottom part were about an 1/8 of an inch different in length , which is n't much , but it was enough to make it so the table was n't flush , and the base seemed too wobbly . When we screwed the chair pieces on the boards , they were slipping off because the screws were either stripping out or not the right size for the hole that was pre-drilled . My husband used to work in the wood industry and said the boards were junk -LRB- the top and seats are n't solid wood , either -RRB- and the table as a whole as `` total garbage . '' He was also concerned about the safety of the table because if things were slipping apart while he was putting it together , it would probably happen while the kids were using it.We decided that even if we did get it together , it would take some wood glue , and then we did n't foresee it lasting very long with our kids using it . We gave up and decided that it was n't even worth the $ 15 and sent it back . Then , one of the pre-fabricated joints started coming loose as we put it back in the box . Granted , there is the `` you get what you pay for '' rule , but this was advertised as `` sturdy '' and we did n't find that to be true at all .
 The table top and seats are made of standard kids toy furniture quality , however , the legs were made out of cheap wood that is unfinished , rough , and splintery . One piece even had had wood putty -LRB- very noticeable -RRB- smeared about six inches long on side . This would n't be a bad buy if the table was marked as `` ready to sand and paint '' but it is n't . I considered keeping the table and fixing it , but as I began to put it together I realized that it is glued with small dowels in most places and the hardware provided would n't be enough to withstand a child getting on and off the seat for very long . Also , the box arrived looking fine , but once opened it revealed that it was not properly packaged to withstand shipping and the packaging material was insufficient which led to damage to the table top . All in all , even though I only paid $ 14.99 for it , I returned it . Sometimes a good deal is n't worth it .
 This desk is okay if you do n't move it around , but if you move it the desk part , that is attached to the chair , it moves and then kind of rubs on the chair leaving marks .
 The constume was missing parts , looked as if someone had cut the hood off the shirt , the pants were ripped .
 The fabric and cosntruction of this costume was terrible . It only vaguely looked like the pictures and many of the accessories were n't proportional to the rest of the costume . In the picture , the belt hangs to the boy 's kness . On my son , it was so short that the ends just stuck out of the knot while the rest of the costume was a little big for him . I do n't know how the black mask was supposed to attache to anything . It was too small to tie around his head so we just threw it away . He wore the costume because we did n't have time to replace it but I would have if it had been an option .
 This costume is horrible . It arrived with loose threads all over it , fraying at every seam , and the hood is not attached as pictured . The hood had two small pieces of velcro on either side to fasten it under the chin , however one of the pieces had come unsewn before we even took it out of the bag . Almost a complete waste of money ; my son did enjoy wearing it .
 The costume works well but the hood was NOT attached to the shirt it is separate and does n't look right . Luckily my son has a red hooded shirt to wear underneath . Just was n't exactly what I was looking for . He is happy with it and has worn it seveeral times to events before Halloween .
 Okay , so we could go two routes here
 Received item quickly , earlier than estimated time . Item did NOT include the face mask as stated on package . 3 of 4 arm/leg ties were a shorter length and one was longer . Waist sash was fine . Agree with other comments about detached hood . Size information was hard to find . My 7 year old wears a 6/7 so I ordered a Medium and it was a good fit - roomy , not snug over clothes .
 Order this for 2011 Halloween . My son loves it but gets frustrated . The description is misleading . The hood is not attached and no way for the hood to stay in place on the shirt . With that said the material is too short to tuck in the hoodie . The pic shows the waist sash long up to the boys knee . The longest fabric is only enough to double tie . My son is 6 yrs old 44inches and only 40lbs . The ties around arms , legs keep sliding since the fabric is a slippery type fabric that pilts . The face fabric does not hold up . It slides so I had to put Velcro on it to stay put . My son is keeping it only because he likes that it is red and had a cool skull , not to mention his grandma is going to fix it . Hope this helps .
 Flimsy material . We were very disappointed - the item is not as shown . There is no hood with the top despite it being described with it . I was hoping to exchange but the item was sold out so had to run around finding the right material to sew a hood on . In the end it would have been just as easy to make it ourselves . Red top , red pants , strips of black material - done .
 I highly recommend not to order this . Very Low quality , first was eagerly waiting for the product , when received did n't meet exceptions.The costume was not properly stitched . complete rip off . They should not be allowed to sell their products and rip customers , I ll will email to amazon as well the ruined my kids holidays . Will find a way to get money back . the shipping was 3 times the price of the item , which i accepted this whole thing is a scam.Doesn ' t Amazon get a bad name for putting these kind of stores online ?
 It wasnt impressed at all . It was different than what the picture was shown . The packaging had other costume pictures inside it and the hood wasnt attached as shown in the picture . Had to sew it on or there was a huge gap between costume and hood . The mask kept sliding off my sons face no matter how you tied it unless you wanted to suffocate the child it was pointless to try to put it on him . Not sure who made it but it was really cheap .
 The costume mateiral is of low quality . I was worried whether it would last for just one-evening use . I would not buy it again .
 Poor quality hood was detached from shirt and did n't have the mask that went over the face . This was a piece of crap I did not have enough time to send it back so I had to fix the damn thing myself . Will never order from them ever again .
 very misleading ... hood is detached . . and broke . . no way to somehow attach it to the shirt or put ot on right unless I sew it on ... . it 's just a triangle hanging over the head . . hope we can get a new one given that we are overseas
 One of the pants legs is cut up at the bottom and there was another costume 's cover -LRB- Superman -RRB- packaged with the shirt . I 'm a very unhappy Aunt Tee right now !
 This costume arrived WITHOUT the most important part ... the HOOD for the ninja and it has a HOLE in it !!! Very disappointing overall
 my 10 yr old hated it , its not good quality at all so i have to agree with him ! i had to return it and order him a new one
 of the black accessorized parts . The part that is supposed to cover the face . It would seem to be that there should be some type of quality control check to ensure all parts are included in the package prior to mailing . How difficult can that be ?
 LeapFrog Learn & Groove Musical TableItem is in Spanish . There was n't enough info that it was a Spanish version only . I was told to keep the product but does n't help the baby who is taught to speak english . I still had to pay for s & h. ; Not a learning item .
 This toy is supposed to introduce spanish to toddlers but it includes incorrect information . Just look at the alphabet ; it 's incomplete ! Giving this toy to your child would be a terrible way to kick off their spanish language education .
 I ca n't believe that leapfrog did not include the proper letters for this to be a true spanish language alphabet . I am so disappointed that I will return this toy . Leapfrog go back to the drawing board with this one .
 No he comprado este juguete pero con solo mirarlo NO lo compraria . El alfabeto que se ve le FALTAN LETRAS . Me exaspera la americanizacion de la lengua espanola .
 You have to get the dolls to go with it . The hair accessories are break easily , but my daughter loves the hair piece .
 He 's ok . He is pretty but he 's easy to break . My little sister got a hold on him and broke his lifted leg off , she scratched him , and broke off an ear . I 'm disappointed .
 This is a total piece of junk ! My son has a similar item , so we thought we 'd get this one as a gift . We were embarrassed to give it , but shipping costs as much as the item.Save your money and buy something of higher quality .
 My kids could n't work the knobs . It is flimsy and moves all over the table . Invest in a real foose ball game .
 I really ca n't believe how much they charge for such a poorly assembled toy . This is by far the worst toy I 've ever purchased for my son . He hated it . Apparently , the item breaks easily because one of the heads had fallen off during the shipment ... and the package arrived in immaculate condition.I wanted to get something my son could play on a table top , but this toy is worthless . It 's unstable and flimsy . I 've gotten toys in Cracker Jack boxes that were better!I gave this toy one star only because zero is n't possible.Don ' t waste your time or money .
 the toy falls appart to easly and gets worn outeasly
 we had to send the first one back but i must say i was very pleased with the return service and promptness of getting another one . the chair would n't go together right and a dowl broke . the second one did go together right , but looks very cheap . ive seen much better looking rockers for children at stores for the same place . would not reccomend this item .
 This product never made it to the fully put together state . I took it out of the box and started to put it together per the instructions when the wood actually split in half . I was so glad there was not a child on the chair when this happened because the remaining wood shard was sharp and could have easily punctured a lung on a toddler seeing as it almost cut my finger off when it split .
 Beck Children 's Wooden High Back Rocking ChairThe assembly is simple but the chair and screws are of poor quality . The first screw I tried broke off in the spindle . I had to put it in a vise to remove the broken piece and replace the screw . The second spindle split when the screw tighten . It only cost $ 30 but was worth about $ 5 . Not worth the effort to return it but I am sure it wo n't last long enough for my two year old to out grow it .
 We are satisfied with the quality of the doll so far . My daughter added this to her amazon wish list , I purchased it , both of us thinking it was a set , as the main display photo is of the doll on the horse . The product should be shown by itself . After s & h the doll alone was near $ 20 .
 I bought this doll for my 9 yr . old daughter on her birthday . The first time she played with it , the arm broke off . My daughter had really wanted this doll for her birthday , and is very careful with her toys . For the arm to break so easily is very frustrating and disappointing .
 We bought out daughter quite a bit of Breyer for Christmas . One doll arrived broken , another broke as we removed it from the packaging . Breyer uses weak , overstretched elastic to hold the legs together at the hips . Very disappointing . Oh , and one of the horses arrived with a chip out of the ear . Poor QA/QC . Can not recommend Breyer .
 I bought this ridiculous toy for my daughter and her arm broke off immediately . None of her clothes fit and she is made very poor quality plastic . She appears to be assembled from mismatched spare parts from various other dolls . Do not waste your time and money ! Blat !
 My daughter is very careful with her toys , and this doll lasted awhile and then a hand just fell off . This is junk construction . C'mon Breyer . Spend a little more on raw materials , and use a more durable plastic . Have you outsourced manufacturing and lost control of quality ? Hope the quality of the horses is n't headed in the same direction .
 My daughter too has several of these dolls . At least two of them have broken off arms . We have tried everything from hot glue to tape and they wo n't stay on . We just refer to them as her handicapped dolls . Not politcally correct but then again how do you explain it to a young girl ? They are made from cheap materials and not worth the greif they cause when broken .
 I bought this doll for my 7-year old daughter and within in minutes the arm broke off . She was very sad . I threw it away after a week because the leg broke off as well . Come on Breyer , when I pay this much for a doll , I expect it to last more than a week . Very disappointed !!!
 I was originally very happy with the price of this combo , but the old addage that you get what you pay for came back to wake me up.The problems
 I ordered two of these guitars for my nieces who were going to start guitar lessons in the the new year . My son tried to tune them right out of the box -LRB- he is an adult and plays regularly -RRB- and found the bottom string on both guitars could not be tuned . This is a big disappointment on Christmas Day for two ambitious little girls thinking they were going to learn to play guitar .
 We bought this guitar for our son for Christmas after reading the positive reviews . It 's better than the piece of junk you get from a toy store , but definitely not a real instrument . The strings do not hold tone - our boy still prefers to play with Daddy 's guitars . We kept this one just so the little one can bang it on the floor instead of the real guitars . Quite disappointed , I 'd have to say !
 I bought one of these from best buy . It worked for the 15 minutes I was testing it out , then 20 minutes later , when I plugged it back in , it only made weird rumbling sounds , would not play like it did first time I tried it . Make sure you can return if you decide to chance buying one , cool idea though .
 This was purchased for my son when he was 2 yrs old . We got it together fairly easily , and he LOVED IT . It was easy to drive and a perfect fit.We were so disappointed that the battery only lasted 15 minutes for one.Second , our yard is flat with softer grass -LRB- underground sprinkler system -RRB- and we have a long gravel drive . At the slightest little dip -LRB- not even noticeable to the eye terrain change -RRB- or incline it would get stuck and the tires would spin out . On the gravel drive it would only move if there was already momentum . If the tractor stopped , and started again , it would spin out out and not move anywhere . The only place this tractor EVER ran well was in the garage . Third , after the second or third use the battery would only last for MAYBE 10 mins at best . So to charge for 6 hours and only get 10 mins of fun , to me is a waste of money.I agree it is a sturdy machine and now our younger son likes to sit on it , but really that is all it is good for . If I could do it all over again I WOULD NOT buy this toy again , it would have saved the temper tantrums of kids 4 and younger for sure . I would for sure buy something with tires that actually had SOME traction other than this with smooth hard plastic wheels.I feel bad giving a negative post , since we are hard core John Deere fans , But John Deere 's are n't made for the city , and this one is .
 I bought this tractor for my son . I had to call the first day I got it because I put the batteries in the part that makes engine sounds and turn signal sounds and it began to smoke and smell . They quickly sent me out a replacement that worked . About 2 weeks later we began having trouble with wiring issues in the tractor . After many calls and complaints they sent me a new battery -LRB- but the wrong kind -RRB- . Once I received the correct new battery it still did n't work . The faulty wiring was not with the battery but with the tractor itself as I tried to tell them , but they would not do anything about it . I 've never spent $ 200 on a child 's toy and never will ago from Peg Perago . This was a huge waste of money !!!! Now it just sits and takes up yard space.Also , even with a new battery it would not pull the weight of my 3 yr old -LRB- about 32 lbs -RRB- and would only pull the weight of my 1 yr old . I believe it says for ages 3-6 . DO NOT BUY !!!
 My 3 year old son received this for a gift from grandparents . As far as the fun value , its a blast . Assembly was incredibly difficult , however , and it has not proved to be very durable . The steering mechanism was the first to go . Then the pedaling mechanism went . 95 % of the product is flimsy plastic - not as durable even as Little Tykes or Step2 . For the price and the name , I would expect better quality . Any time you 're making a riding toy for boys , screwing into plastic is not going to be a very durable option .
 Paid $ 130.00 for a large piece of cheap plastic , with little or no directions on putting it together . No horn , plastic wheels !!! A total rip off !!! Save your money this piece of expensive , knock off `` john deere '' plastic crap is a real dud !!!
 Although I think my son will enjoy playing with this toy , the quality of the directions and pieces is absolutely terrible . The directions are simply beyond awful , saying things like , `` Take the two screws ... '' when the bag of parts includes eight screws of different lengths . Certain pieces could n't be attached at all because of poor tolerances . John Deere should be embarrassed to be associated with this product .
 I purchased these beads when my baby was under a year thinking she would like to chew on them before she could actually play with them . She probably will be 12 before she has the strength required to pull the beads apart and push them together . I struggle with it myself . Unless your child has super strength , I would skip this product .
 My child likes the bright colors , but the pieces are very difficult to connect , even for an adult . My daughter is not able to link the pieces together without any help .
 My kids love playsets and dollhouses . This looks like so much fun , and its nice and sturdy.I do n't know why , but of all the many dollhouses , castles , and playsets we have in this house , this is the one they never play with . I wish I could pinpoint why , but I can not . Maybe it 's too big ? Looks fun to me , but they just do n't really even see it .
 We researched a number of castles for our daughter for Christmas this year - we started with the Princess Castle from Mattel but after reading the reviews took it back without even opening it , then we bought this one because the reviews were great ! When we received it and took it out of the box we realized immediately that it was more for `` show '' than it was for playing . The castle itself it beautifully constructed and painted , but as other reviewers have said the openings are TINY !!! We tried it out by placing some little princesses inside , they fit but it was clear that you would n't be able to move them around and do any kind of immaginative play with them utilizing the roomes . We returned it and bought the teamson princess castle - more expensive but well worth it plus comes with figurines and furniture .
 It was n't the product ... it came damaged . The top of one &#34; fixed &#34; tower was splintered right off . It did n't happen in shipping because the shrink wrapping around the whole castle was in perfect shape . No time to send back and wait for an exchange for this is for Christmas . Did some glueing to the broken pieces and made it look o.k. , but this product was pricey . All in all , the castle is adorable and I would recommend it .
 I just opened shrink wrap on the castle and was sad to find that all the edges were very splintery . Most edges on the castle are roughly cut with no sanding so there are jagged splinters hanging off all over . at first i considered just sanding the edges myself but realized it was a problem through the entire castle . It is unsafe for a young child to play with.It is also not put together well . Two wood panels that are glued together are cracked apart on my castle . The design is adorable but I am extremely disappointed with the quality . I expected more from this brand , and price .
 This castle is incredibly cheap . Two days after I gave this to my daughter for Christmas , it fell apart . It is poorly constructed and BARELY glued together . The castle people that you can order separately barely fit in the openings . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 We are on the second dollhouse for Christmas as the first one was broken at the hinge . The second one showed up from UPS with the same issue . Although we never even opened the second one and it was well padded in the box , the wood was broken with the hinge not even in the wood . My daughter is bummed as we have not seen another castle . Finally , as another person wrote , the openings in this doll house are very tiny ! Disappointed and I love Melissa and Doug products , . .
 We bought this as a gift and found cracks all over the place . The castle was built by &#34; plywood &#34; not &#34; solid wooden &#34; , and the worst part is the quality of wood glue they use . I know we can probably ask Amazon for refund or return but that 's not the point , especially when you get it right before Xmas and there is no time to do anything without having to break some little one 's heart.Please see my photos : http://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-media/permalink/moZGJVFRUR5YKA/B000NKH0E6/ref=cm_ciu_images_pl_linkhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-media/permalink/mo2PKN7L8OYEMH9/B000NKH0E6/ref=cm_ciu_images_pl_linkhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/customer-media/permalink/mo1KG0VU7ABVZSA/B000NKH0E6/ref=cm_ciu_images_pl_link
 When this castle arrived it was everything the good reviews said it was ; beautiful , folded up nicely , and kept my 4 year old daughter busy for a long while . However , after a week of light play , for a child who takes care of her toys , the wood started chipping and peeling off . I mean , she could have gotten a terrible splinter . So very disappointing !!! I would not recommend it now . It is too bad because it really does have nice features and it is very pretty .
 Very sad that it is already broken ! We just took it out of the plastic today and when we opened it up for the first time the hinges came out of the wood . Really disappointed !
 The castle is very cute and girly . I bought some play mobile furniture as suggested by another reviewer and some of the items are too big to get into the room openings . My daughter is just about three and can not get the furniture in and out ; most of the items sit out infront of the castle . I wish that I had purchased a different house with more spacious rooms -LRB- or several usable rooms -RRB- . It is large , well made , and pretty ; however it is not practical for the pretend play that I had in mind when I made this purchase . Most of the space available will not hold the play mobile sets -LRB- which are small -RRB- and just do n't serve any purpose .
 My little girl wanted this doll , and what a disappointment . They like to pretend with them , but ca n't redress this doll in any other clothes because of the big hump on her back . The spinning aspect of the doll was fun for a short while , but when is boils down to it they 'd rather just play with a barbie without any of those frills .
 It 's a fun toy to play around with but it wasent what i thought it would be , i was a little dissapointed because i thought i could make the doll do a baton twirling routine that i made up but it 's not like that , there 's a lever that you attach to the back of it and you just push on it and the stupid doll just moves her arms around , she doesent really twirl the baton that much , all in all it 's still kind of fun to mess around with .
 This toy is not a plush easy to use puppet so if that is what you are looking for go elsewhere . It 's mouth is extremely hard to open and you are unable to use the mouth and move the hands at the same time . Love the fact that it is Cookie Monster but it just sits in the closet .
 Not sure exactly what happened but the item I ordered was not the item I received . I believe it was not available so I was sent something else . The vendor did refund my money . Also , I had to rate this toy because it would process without a rating . I gave the toy the lowest rating possilbe due to the fact that I did n't receive the toy .
 This is the least fun of the 6 sets we own for hot wheels . The packages do not drop into our pick up truck because the trucks are too tall . Thus other than parking this toy does not interact with the cars .
 We bought this bike for our 2 year old last year . It was a little too big for him at first , but by the end of the summer , he loved it and could maneuver it pretty well . He loved having a 2-wheel bike like his big brother.After 6 months , however , the hardware that holds the wheels on the bike came loose and we lost a piece of the hardware . The hardware holding each wheel on the bike includes several small pieces -- screws that you tighten with a monkey wrench , spacers , tiny brass rings and one long bolt . We tried contacting Skuut by email and by phone , we tried our local bike shop , the hardware store -LRB- to see if we could match the parts -RRB- and a local REI -LRB- who carries the bike -RRB- to see if they would help us get the needed part or fix the bike for us , but to no avail . No one wanted to take responsibility for a bike we assembled ourselves -LRB- Skuut sends it to you unassembled -RRB- or , if they did want to help us , they were unable to obtain parts or even a response from Skuut , like us.So , we have a very cute and cool bike that my eager 3-year old can no longer ride because no one services this bike . REI offered to give us a brand new Skuut if we had purchased the bike there , but sadly , we bought the bike online and were out of luck . So , if you 're buying this bike , either buy it from a local store that promises to service the bike for you , or else tighten up the hardware every chance you get . This bike does not hold together like a regular bike . I 'm very disappointed with Skuut and their non-response to our requests for parts .
 We purchased the Skuut after reading reviews and closely examining the competition -LRB- primarily the Likeabike -RRB- . First , the good
 Ordered this for my 3-yr old son for Christmas , and waited to assemble it until Christmas Eve.The wood laminate was of such poor quality , I feared for my son 's safety while playing on it . My neighbor and I spent two hours re-gluing and clamping the front fork so my kid would at least be able to sit on it Christmas morning.We called customer support Christmas Eve , and received a call-back from a U.S. based , English speaking person -LRB- ;--RRB- -RRB- on Christmas Day - quite remarkable . Anyway , no questions asked , they sent a new bike out without even getting a proof of purchase , so excellent customer support.New bike arrived , and it was n't much better than the first , but at least he could ride it . He loves it too , and now in March , he 's ready to move up to a real bike WITHOUT training wheels . Great concept , really.So yesterday , as expected , while riding the old -LRB- repaired -RRB- Skuut down a slight grade -LRB- Woohoo , look I 'm doing it ! -RRB- Wham . Faceplant on the concrete when the front fork splintered into three pieces . Since he was wearing helmet and pads , nothing but a sad kid , but hey ! We 've got a spare in the garage!What I 've noticed with this toy , as well as his Schwinn tricycle -LRB- oh , do n't get me started on that one , we 've replaced literally every piece of that bike at least once -RRB- is that the companies selling this junk know it 's junk and would much rather repair or replace at the drop of a hat than actually invest that money loss in developing and producing a decent product.Think about your kids safety , be reasonable in how you let your kid use this toy , and have them wear at least a helmet .
 The idea of a glider bike for kids learning balance is brilliant . I bought this Scuut bike . It is made out of the cheapest materials . The tires and tubes were defective . There was NO response from the Scuut customer service number which I called many times . You buy this product and you are on your own . Next I bought a Strider . There is no comparison . For effectively the same price you get a bike that is metal and made to last and has all the range of movement of a larger bike -LRB- with infinite seat and handlebar adjustments -RRB- . The Skuut is just bad design and over priced for what you get -LRB- limited adjustments , cheap materials , bad design -RRB- with no support to boot .
 It is Christmas Eve and I ordered this Skuut bike for my 4 year old for tomorrow - Christmas . We just started wrapping presents tonight and when we went to put together this bike - all the parts were missing . Ca n't even put it together . It is sad because this was actually the ONLY thing that my daughter asked for for Christmas when she saw Santa several weeks ago.I am so upset right now as this has never happened to me . The box was perfectly intact and everything inside did not look like it had been opened - just missing the parts to put it together . What a I supposed to tell my daughter tomorrow ? Or should I just leave it out all disassembled?I bought this her from Amazon in November ... it was not a last minute gift . I am so mad at myself for not opening it up and putting it together before tonight . As like most parents , this is what we do on x-mas eve ... we wrap and put together toys . I will never do that again .
 You do know you can achieve the same thing with a regular 12 '' bike right ? Just leave off the pedals and the training wheels . When they 're ready , you put the pedals back on and they can ride a 2 wheeler . Worked for my 3 year old twins . AND we saved the extra expense of having to buy one of these -LSB- &#8230; -RSB- balance bikes . -LSB- &#8230; -RSB- you 've got 2 bikes in one . I mean it 's your money , I 'm just sayin ...
 I wrote the same for one of the others . It is nonsense . You can make any bike -LRB- i.e. the one you probably already own -RRB- one of these by just taking out a wrench , and taking the pedals off your kid 's bike . It works . Trust me . There is no magic about these bike other than the fact that they have no pedals , meaning if you take the ones of your kid 's bike - well you saved yourself a lot of money . Also , it seems logical to have your kid learn on the actual bike he or she will be riding - not learning on one of these - and then switching to the real bike.Try it .
 My kids love to play with this bike my oldest daughter 's first bike was a tricycle my sons first bike was this well my daughter knows how to peddle a bike this taut my son that you use your feet to make a bike go so now were trying to reteach him to ride a bike i wouldnt buy this unless you plan on teaching your kid to peddle a bike also
 I read that this was one of the best bikes you can buy but when it arrived and I assembled it my kid was just plain confused . She wanted to know where the pedals were . I knew there were none and attempted to explain to her how it worked but she still felt the need to pedal . It just led me to believe if you get the kids started off with a trike of some sort , you do n't really need a `` glider '' - no matter how young .
 My wife and I are attempting to assemble the Skuut Balance Bike for our 3 year old daughter and discover that it is UNSAFE . The screws holding down the handlebars do n't attach to anything . They go thru the handlebars and into the forks but do n't bite into the plywood at all . This item is going back . It 's too bad because it is a very cute bike , and easy to assemble . Our daughter will be getting a Likeabike for her birthday instead , which fortunately is in only a week .
 Our 21/2 year old loves it . In a few rides he was coasting short distances and having much fun . So how do you explain to him that tomorrow his new favorite toy is disappearing and going back to the manufacturer ? I 'm generally pretty forgiving about minor product imperfections . These are n't minor . The Skuut arrived stinking of mothballs -LRB- the seat still smells strongly -RRB- . Within less than a week , the wood bushings on the rear wheel assembly had become separated making the back wheel dangerously wobbly and unstable . Not helpful to a kid trying to learn to balance , and , I think , unsafe as the bike speeds up . Does n't matter how fun , educational , etc. a toy is , it 's useless if a kid ca n't play with it .
 The front tire of this bike blew after my daughter was on it for about 20 seconds -- on her third birthday ! What a great way to ruin a birthday , Skuut . I 've seen other reviews complaining about the tires , perhaps it 's time you listen to consumers and do something about the quality of your material . I know things happen , but seriously , could n't be more disappointed with this product . I was so excited for my daughter to ride , and now we 're sitting here figuring out how to return it . Wo n't be recommending your company to any of my friends looking for a balance bike for their children ! And can I say one more time -- What a way to ruin a birthday !
 I bought this when my son was 18 months old . It was so heavy that he could not balance it well at all . Also it is simply too tall for him that his feet could not touch the ground even when we lowered the seat to the bottom at 18 months old even though my son is 95 % on weight and height of his age and he was quite strong . I immediately sold it and bought the `` Chicco Red Bullet '' . What a difference . My son immediately got it without any couching . He was able to manipulate the Chico Red Bullet '' without any problem . He is now 3 year and 3 months old and still going strong with his little `` Red Bullet '' . The price of the `` Red Bullet '' is also $ 30 cheaper than the Skuut . My son now is 42 lb . and 44 inches 95 % of a 3-year old . The `` Chico Red Bullet '' definately was the best toy I 've purchased for him . He has had so many good times in the skate board park with his little bullet , almost every weekend when the weather permits . Oh , save your money do n't buy that over priced Strider .
 We have had this bike for just over a year . It 's been used by one child and stored indoors or in the garage . The wood is cracking in two places , one of which is the handlebars . With such poor durability , I just ca n't recommend this bike . The seat also could not be lowered enough to fit our two year old .
 We purchased the Skuut balance bike for our 3 year old who was n't really confident on a ` real ' bike with pedals . After only about 3 weeks of use , mostly in the house , the vinyl on the seat started to wear away at the front , leaving a white patch which seemed to get larger by the week . We returned the bike for a replacement , but then the replacement arrived with a cracked wooden piece on the wheel . We returned that one as well and will now look at a more sturdy bike for our son , as this one unfortunely did n't stand up to regular 3-year old usage . He loved riding it though , and it was lots of fun , so I think it 's a good concept , you might just want to buy a slightly more expensive and better built brand .
 We got one of these for our 3 year old at Christmas last year . There is no doubt that our daughter loved it , had great fun riding it , and found it easy to move on to a regular bicycle by the end of the summer . The problem is that the material is incredily shoddy . One day while she was riding it , the entire front handlebar/wheel assembly popped completely off , sending our daughter head-first onto the pavement . Fortunately she was wearing a good helmet -LRB- which was split completely in 2 -RRB- or else the outcome could have been catastropic.This is a great idea , and there may be better-quality balance bikes out there . But this particular model is just too hazardous to let your kid ride on it .
 OK , after spending the morning once again duct taping this bike together , I thought I should share my thoughts . We love the concept of this bike and our son absolutely adores the activity . Unfortunately
 First , I did not buy this from Amazon - we purchased from REI based on a suggestion from another reviewer , in case we had problems . Good thing we did , because right out-of-the-box we had issues with the wheels/tires . I have to say , my husband is a `` bike guy '' -- he knows his way around all types of bikes and so it helped to have a knowledgeable source for installation and troubleshooting . Anyway , the issue was had was with the actual tire and tube BOTH splitting apart , which then damaged the rim of the wheel . After multiple emails to the manufacturer , we did receive a new wheel/tire/tube in the mail . Installed it and within seconds , the same thing happened again.Thankfully , REI agreed to take back the bike and allow us to purchase a metal-framed balance bike . I got the distinct impression they have done this exchange many , many times . I would personally not ever buy this bike again based on my experience .
 I did buy two Skuuts at a local store for my twins -LRB- before readng all the reviews here : - -LRB- I can only say workmanship is marginal
 My three year old son has had this bike a little over a month now . He 's probably ridden it about ten times . The handlebars have completely ripped off from the bike . The screw holes are completely stripped so reassembling it will be a problem . I 'm going to try and rig it up but this bike is just shoddy . Not durable enough for my three year old .
 My 2 year old loved his skuut until it broke - few weeks after the purchase.Since then I 've been on a quest for spare parts . The costumer service at skuut has been very poor - no responding to emails , no phone number on the official website.Balance bikes are great , but next time i 'd opt for a metal one .
 We got my son this bike for his 2nd bday in February . He was a little small for it at first but started riding it about 3 months ago . He 's crashed it the way that a normal 2 year would . First the wood around the handle grips started splitting . My husband duct-taped which worked fine . But the handlebars completely popped off and the wood split from the screws making it completely un-fixable after a normal fall on the sidewalk . Pretty bummed because now I 'll be out another $ 100 replacing it with a more durable metal version .
 I personally have had three different arcade games in my home and all of them were about seven years old and being at that , they were still my favorite games . I paid between 300.00 to 500.00 each for them and after about four months I was tired of them because I constantly played them everyday . I agree with buying this after a year and getting it half price or more because this game is like a used car . once you played it a month or two the value goes down and if you get bored of the game you have already lost over ten grand with it if you try to sell it at an arcade . If you are a millionare and cant find anything to do with your money than this is a steal but if you are a die hard fan of this machine and can barely afford it then me being a proud owner of some arcades myself , believe me , you will lose interest once you have it in your home It is different if you are in an arcade and play it because you will eventually go home and you will look forward to playing it when you go back to the mall . These higher priced machines are not designed to keep , Hence the quarter slots .
 I bought this chair from babies-r-us after seeing other high quality chairs in the store . This is NOT what I expected after paying almost $ 100 . The very thin fabric was stapled on and many of the staples were loose . The rocking parts were cheap plastic and did n't rock very well . The `` fabric '' on the back of the chair felt like it was going to rip every time I picked it up . I had to take this chair back to the store .
 We bought this as a Christmas gift for my 10 month old son . The fur is soft and bright and he likes to look at the puppet , but nether I nor my husband can use this puppet as intended . It is very poorly designed and does n't work for either large or small hands . There is no way to comfortably have fingers move -LRB- or even be inside -RRB- his mouth and arms at the same time . You have to pick which one you want to move and then switch your fingers around if you want to move the other . Plus , the mouth is so rigid , it is impossible to make him talk for more than 10 seconds without getting a hand cramp . Cute , but useless as a puppet . He is now just a an -LRB- un -RRB- stuffed animal laying limply around the house ; VERY disappointing ...
 I am not very satisfied with this brand of puppets . My daughter has another brand of puppet that we love to play with . The other brand is very easy to use , and we have a ton of fun with it . This brand - the mouth is very difficult to open and not much fun for her because the lack of motion takes away from the animation.I am not very satisfied at all .
 I bought the dog version and was highly disappointed . Not only do the bubbles not smell like anything at all -- much less bacon , but the gun is loud enough to scare my little dogs and it makes a mess while only blowing a few bubbles . Tried to blow bubbles wihtout the gun , but not a single one would form . Other than the gun actually blowing bubbles as advertised , this is a total let-down .
 I bought the dog version of this -LRB- same device , different packaging -RRB- . It is absolutely beyond useless . As another reviewer notes , you can only put in a small amount of bubble solution . After a few pulls of the trigger , the solution starts leaking out of the trigger housing onto your hands , pants , couch , whatever - so forget this for indoor play . And about the bubbles
 This product was useless . Once I filled the chamber , level or not , it leaked . When I hit the trigger nothing happened . The little wand in the gun moved but never blew any bubbles just dripped all over the floor . Tried to use the bubbles without the gun and just used a regular bubble wand and that still did n't work . Terrible product . Waist of money . Would never recommend this to anyone !!!!
 The gun is not very practical . The liquid easily leaks out and the gun is so loud it scares , rather than entices , the cats . Also , it does n't make very many bubbles before it runs out of liquid , because the chamber is too small . Also , the liquid does not smell like catnip at all - it is virtually scent free . My cats had absolutely no interest in this toy at all , and they are both very friendly , playful cats . Unfortunately , this was a good idea but it did n't work very well in practice .
 The Elmo hand puppet looks nothing like the character on Sesame Street . Was disappointed it looked so different from the character and the picture on here , especially bc Elmo is my daughter 's favorite . The Zoe puppet was more like the actual character .
 the mouth of elmo is hard to open and the arm holes are difficult to put your fingers in , and it does look just like the picture
 I am quite dissapointed with this Gund Elmo Hand Puppet as it shows its mouthwide open , but when you use it - it does not open wide , in fact it is difficultto open . Rating - poor !
 The mouth is of stiff plastic and it is hard to make the puppets mouth move like a puppet with a cloth mouth does . I am not happy with this .
 I have a 1 year old daughter who loves it when I make puppets talk to her . I have really had a hard time finding puppet in the local stores , so I decided to turn to the internet . I used to have some Sesame Street puppets when I was a kid and thought that they were great . So I figured this would be a perfect puppet to use with my daughter.Here 's the thing . The opening into the head of this puppet is too small to get a grown ups hand into and still be able to operate the puppet with any ease . This puppet is easier to operate than the Ernie puppet , -LRB- which I also bought -RRB- but still pretty difficult.The overall look of the puppet is good , but it is n't very user friendly . Needless to say , I am pretty disappointed in this product and wish that I would n't have bought it.If you are looking for a puppet to entertain your infant , try checking out Toys R Us . From time to time , I have been able to find some animal puppets that make noise when you use them . My daughter just loves those .
 From the looks of the photo I was expected a nice , well-formed/stuffed hand puppet . When it arrived though , the face was unfixably squished , which I think was an error in sewing , and it turned out the mouth is held together with a plastic frame that 's just way too big for Bert 's small head . And because of this frame it also makes it incredibly hard for an adult hand to use the puppet , let alone fit inside , and I imagine it would feel too bulky for a small child to use . Who exactly were they expecting to use this thing ?
 I wish I read the reviews before ordering . I have the Gund Elmo puppet , which is great , so I figured the Ernie puppet would be the same as Elmo , but the Ernie puppet is way too small for most adults . I 'm a man with fairly large hands , and Ernie 's shirt barely covers my full hand . The picture is very deceptive - the puppet is much smaller than it appears . The overall fit is off as well . When I use the Elmo puppet , I can have elmo pick up balls , control toy cars , etc. , but it 's very difficult to maneuver Ernie 's arms . Very disappointing product . I am going to try to return to Amazon .
 The mouth is of stiff plastic and it makes it difficult to make the mouth move like a soft cloth mouth hand puppet does . I am not real happy with it . It seems to be durable .
 I have a 1 year old daughter who loves it when I make puppets talk to her . I have really had a hard time finding puppet in the local stores , so I decided to turn to the internet . I used to have some Sesame Street puppets when I was a kid and thought that they were great . So I figured this would be a perfect puppet to use with my daughter.Here 's the thing . The opening into the head of this doll is too small to get a grown ups hand into and still be able to operate the puppet with any ease . Also , the mouth is very stiff making it hard to open and close.The overall look of the puppet is good , but it is n't very user friendly . Needless to say , I am pretty disappointed in this product and wish that I would n't have bought it . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 these puppets are sooo cute ! I bought ernie and bert and the craftmanship is fantastic . unfortunately they 're made wrong -LRB- wrong dimensions -RRB- . its hard to open and close the mouth , its very stiff . the arms are way too long for your fingers to articulate them . there 's no way you can move the mouth and the arms at the same time . its too bad because they 're adorable otherwise . my 20 month old has n't shown much interst in them .
 I usually do n't think twice about ordering Thomas products since they are known to be high quality , but this one is a doozy . The dumping part of the trucks quickly came off and were lost within a day of my son receiving them .
 Only had opening in the hands for fingers . Unable to get child or adult finger in the head . Disappointed
 We found that the head was too small to fit either my or my wife 's hand . It defeated the purpose of buying a puppet to play with out 6 month old .
 This purchased as new , not second hand , arrived looking second hand a bit moth eaten but Big bird and Elmo were fine.Gund Zoe Hand Puppet
 My husband and I were suckered into buying two of these type of `` wind spinners '' at a kiosk in a shopping mall . Now that they 're hanging outside , what kind of wind are they looking for , a frickin ' hurricane ? They just sit there and look stupid -LRB- while reminding us of the money ill spent -RRB- .
 I bought this for my 10-month-old granddaughter , thinking to save it for her first birthday . Of course we took it right out of the box when it arrived and started playing with it ! She loves to take it apart and try to put the pieces back together and is especially fond of the bright green wooden dowel in the center . We also got a toy with wooden balls that add to the fun of stacking this toy . It 's the rare toy that is truly fun for both adult and child to play with together and definitely helps with fine motor coordination . Love the materials , the bright colors and the overall quality .
 The concept is great but the design and technology are horrible . The bills bunch up inside after adding just a few and then you have to open it and clear space for more . The password failed several times and had to be reset and then the whole thing stopped working despite new batteries and resetting . We had to pry it open to get her money out and my daughter was in tears.The company was quite rude and would not exchange for a new one . I would NOT recommend this at all .
 My daughter lost her little plastic ATM card and she opens the small compartment door with a butter knife . Is very complicated for me to understand the machine . When you are adding money the machine gives all the wrong digits and amouts . otherwise the appearance is cute and pink but right now my daughter 's ATM machine is sitting in the corner of her bedroom collecting dust .
 THIS ITEM NEVER WORKED AND WHEN I TRIED TO GET IT RETURNED I HAD NOTHING BUT PROBLEMS WITH CUSTOMER SERVICE !!!
 So this purchase started out as an error , my 10 year old ordered it on her Kindle by accident . I tried to cancel the order but it has apparently already shipped by the time I realized it was purchased . I decided to keep the item , because it would have cost me half the price to return it.My daughter was thrilled with the ATM , for about 2 days . She immediately complained that the sound was WAY too loud and placed a piece of tape over the speaker in hopes of muffling the sound a bit . She deposited all of her money into the bank , but soon realized that in order to get the money out she needed to `` unlock '' the drawer compartment , which DID NOT OPEN . She ended up prying it open and took all of her money out straight away , and never put it back in.About 2 weeks later she decided to go play with the ATM and thought about putting her money back into it , when she discovered that the buttons no longer worked , only the 1 and 2 buttons worked , so she could no longer even play with the machine . It had been a few weeks already since we received the bank , and of course all of the packaging had already been thrown away , so this toy was a complete dud and a lose of $ 48 for us . HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED !
 Bought from Toys R Us . When doing the initial setup , we found the left side of the keypad was not working -LRB- the 1 , 4 , 7 buttons -RRB- . At first it was n't such a problem except I could n't properly spell my daughters name . Then the instructions said to enter the preset PIN number of 1234 in order to enter a new number . That would not be a problem except that my 1 and 4 do n't work . We 'll take this back to the store , exchange it for a different one , and give it one more shot.Instructions had spelling errors , a testament to low quality control . Updates will follow.UPDATE 11/05/11 : Returned and replaced the unit , now all the buttons work and it can be accessed normally . A few things that we now notice : - The sounds are very loud . If your child begins to use it , you 'll hear it from across the house . - The bill feeder is fiesty . I could n't get a bill in , but Wifeypoo kept wiggling it until it worked . It wo n't scan and detect the value of each bill ... you have to enter the amount you are inserting . i.e. if you insert a $ 1 bill and tell the machine it 's a $ 46 dollar bill , it will give you credit for $ 46 . - The ATM card is just plastic with no magnetic strip . If you loose it , any card will work.This item now gets regular use when my young ` en gets her weekly allowance .
 I am so disappointed in this toy . In theory , it 's supposed to be an educational toy that allows you to teach your child how to count money and save . However , this toy is so cheaply made that you end up spending most of your time trying to trouble shoot instead of teaching . Below are the cons and the limited pros of this toy.Cons : - Volume is too loud and can not be adjusted-The readout -LRB- texts -RRB- on the screen is not very clear-Coins deposited not always recognized-Difficult to push coins in -LRB- you have to push really hard -RRB- - Time limit to deposit money is too short -LRB- it reverts to main screen right away -RRB- - Sometimes you have to push the numerical buttons several times before it registers-You have to manually input amount withdrawn-Can ' t deposit too many bills before you have to manually move it-The door where the money is kept is made of hard plastic that looks like it will snap easilyPro-My son likes playing with it -LRB- inserting the money keeps him entertained -RRB- - I bought it on clearance and only paid $ 20 , but will still return it because I do n't think it 's worth that muchIf I ca n't find a better an ATM with better craftsmanship I 'll probably just buy him an old fashioned piggy bank .
 It did n't come with the card although any one works . It is really loud and not what I expected whnt to send it back !
 I bought these for my 6 yo . daughter & 5 yo nephew for Christmas . He broke the door off of his on the first day and the door on hers was broken within the first month . It is a good concept but no durable enough for younger kids . They both loved the idea but the construction was poor .
 I purchased this for my nine year old daughter . It seems great at first , but then you realize it does not always count change correctly , and does not even try to detect the value of paper money . You need to tell it what you plan to insert . Then , it does n't accept the paper money anyway . When you remove the ATM `` Card '' it says something , but even Charlie Brown 's teacher makes more sense . This was embarassing and , since they package it in that awful hard plastic that you need to destroy to open it , I 'm pretty sure I can not return it . Do n't waist your time and money .
 The company My TOYBOX sent me battery operated Thomas trains that did not work . When I contacted them they did not resolve the situation -LRB- refund , credit , exchange etc. -RRB- Stay away from this company .
 I tried to buy this for my kid for Christmas and sent it back . It 's tiny and stupid and overpriced . He 'd break it in a heartbeat . It cost way more than $ 1.99 when I bought it in December . Lame .
 Just rec 'd , very disappointed . It 's flimsy and looks cheap . The interior light makes part of the roof glow and part of the walls glow - looks ridiculous . Do n't buy . I 'm sending it back .
 My daughters were playing with the blond younger sister . After `` charging '' the doll in order for it to spin on the floor , she put the doll on the floor . My other daughter 's hair got caught in spinning foot and pulled out a penny size chunk of hair out ! Left a bald spot the size of a penny ! Thank goodness she did n't bleed !!! Be careful !!!
 My daughter absolutely loved the Twelve Dancing Princesses and looked forward to the dolls for Christmas . Once she opened the first Kelly doll Lacey , and we found out how difficult it was for a smaller child to work we hid the 2 other dolls w/o opening them . It was such a waste of a toy for her since she could only play with it with help from a parent.It is a very cute toy , and she likes it when it does twirl and if she were older it would have been worth having all three , right now I am glad I returned the other two for our money back . I just wish they had made the triplets like the other Kelly dolls that she loves to play with . As of now my daughter just plays w / Lacey w/o the charger and uses her other ballerina Kelly dolls to pretend they are the other sisters . Also , with the way her one foot is Lacey gets stuck in the Princesses Carriage that we got and it is very difficult to get her out , even though they made special places just for the triplets it does n't not work well with these dolls.All in all not worth the money , cute as a novelty , but a bit too difficult for the smaller hands to manipulate . And in response to the person who said those who did n't like these dolls where just mean-spirited or too clumsy I would have to say these dolls are marketed for children and the reviews should be as such . If the packaging says 3-8 or 5-10 years old etc then dolls should be easy to use for all of those ages not just easy to use from an adults perspective . It 's a toy first and foremost , it should be cute , fun , easy and enjoyable and I found it 2 out of the three . Remember most parents are reviewing these for their children , as a toy , and not for novel collectibles .
 My almost-5-year-old daughter is terrified of the toy . The spinner makes a super-loud whirring noise , and the doll itself is loud when spinning . Very limited play value , as you ca n't position the doll or change clothes . Cute idea , but just did n't work for us .
 We got the Lacey doll for my daughter because this is her favorite little princess . Not quite sure why they made these like they did . I figured they would be battery operated because they required batteries . This is just so that it can be wound up as a top and then put on the floor . The motor is really loud and you take it off the stand and they spin for about 30 seconds and fall over . I think my husband and the Grandparents had more fun playing with this than my daughter on Christmas . Needless to say it has n't been touched since Christmas morning . Very cute little doll they just did n't do a lot of planning on these .
 My daughter got one of these dolls for Christmas and was very excited about ut , until she realized she could n't really play with them like she does her other Kelly dolls . Kind of cute , but not a whole lot of fun . She has n't touched it since Christmas !
 DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!This product is the worst thing I have ever seen put out by Mattel.There will be a lot of unhappy girls this holiday season if they get one of these.My daughter got 2 of these from a friend for her birthday.Both of them are going in the garbage because they do not work.Very bad design and they obviously did not bother with product testing.First of all there are no instructions on working this toy . After you get the batteries in the doll it does not stand on the platform.She is suppposed to spin after being charged but just falls over.My husband and I fooled around with this toy for about 30 minutes trying to get it to workand figure some fun way for our 2 daughters to play with it but there is none.The dolls are weighted and are not posable . They are cute and that is about it.It is a shame because my 6 year old who got these for her birthdaywas so disappointed . We could not return them because Toys R Us no longer accepts returns without a reciept.I would have given this item 0 stars but amazon does not offer that as an option.These dolls are $ -LSB- ... -RSB- - way too much for this junk !! By the way she did get the Genevieve doll and we are taking that back because the lights on the dress do not light up .
 It is a cool car with a lot to be learned , honestly the RTR concept is not as easy as anyone can think since I 've had this car since mid December 2009 and I have n't been able to run it as easy as I thought . You need to spend half the cost of the car on `` must-have '' accesories that are not included and there is no information available until you buy the car and read the manual . However , I 'm excited since I 'm motivated to learn about it and make it work as it is supposed to .
 I WILL NBVER KNOW ! I ORDERED IT WHEN IT STATED AVAILABLITY , HOWEVER , THE SELLER LATER INFORMED ME THAT SUDDENLY IT WAS NOT AVAILABLE ! IMAGINE THAT!I KNOW ONE THING , I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER THING FROM THIS SELLERDIANE
 Bought this for my son for Christmas and we are a little disappointed . The performance is quite tortise-like as well as the battery does n't last more than 5-7 mins . The detail is pretty nice so if you want it for a conversation/display piece it would do the trick .
 I do n't know why Amazon has this listed for $ 65.00 ... You can get the exact same set at target.com and many other sites for about $ 20.00 . I would never pay this outrageous price !!!!
 I was really let down by this product . My two year old uses it as a sitting bench ... yes , it 's that small ! When she does try to play it she has to sit on her knees and crouch down . It is otherwise really well made and has surprisingly good sound ... if it were double the size I would love it ... as it is , it simply sits in the corner of the room unused .
 This is a very wimpy program . The concept is cute and my son would have benefited from it , but the program kept crashing . The directions say that the setup program is supposed to run so that you can save it to your hard drive , but there is no setup program . It just runs off the disk . I do n't know if that is why the program kept crashing , but I know that when I went to the TOPICS Entertainment -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- website , they told me to reinstall it . It wo n't install , so how can I reinstall it ? It was a waste of money and now I have to buy another , more expensive program .
 Along with this item I also purchased the addition , subtraction , division . and geometry CD 's . A big mistake to even purchase one . I do not recommend either . Low grade , too hard for even me to understand how they work and for my grandchildren it was even worst . I ca n't think of one good point . Do n't purchase , will be waste of time and money .
 Do not waste your money.I was soooooo excited when I bought this for my son for Christmas . It looked so stinking cool that I even let Santa take credit for it . I was trying to transform it for him on Dec 26th , and it broke in two places , slicing my finger . And the Han Solo half did not work re
 If I could I would give this product zero stars . Every cent we spent on this product was a waste . My son just received 5 different Star Wars Transformers for his birthday -LRB- Darth Vader , Darth Maul , Obi Wan , Jango Fett , and the Han Solo/Chewbacca sets -RRB- . I am so tired of Hasbro selling cheap pieces of junk that do NOT hold together for 5 minutes . My son is beyond frustrated and I am tired of continually trying to put the things back together . We had this same problem last Christmas with Hasbro Star Wars figures . My child is not hard on his toys , but within 24 hours a couple of figures had already lost arms ! The thing that drives me nuts is that we still have the Kenner figures that belonged to my husband in the 70 's and early 80 's and they are still in perfect shape . Why ca n't Hasbro figure out how to copy those designs and create a quality product ?!? The bottom line is that they wo n't as long as consumers continue to buy this junk and not complain . I have contacted Hasbro customer service and I continually get the run-around . They simply seem to not care about the quality of these products .
 Horrible , flimsy , piece of crap with awesome potential . My son wanted this toy and literally within5 minutes I broke it trying to open chubacas arms . Totally ruined . Lesson learned . He still has fun trying to figure it out but that bad boy is never going to become a space ship again .
 The wire barely heats up . You have to use quite a bit of pressure to push the wire through the foam . The edges are raggedy & they give you a piece of sandpaper that does nothing . Scissors or a exacto knife would be better .
 Not a problem with the product , but I try to return this item , because want to get another ball which I was going to pay them MORE money and the company was NOT able to give me a return LABEL.Very poor customer service NOW somebody else is getting my business .
 I just received this and feel completely robbed . It was not clear at all how small this is , and is definately NOT worth the price . On top of it all it does n't work very well , it does n't erase completely . If you want something smaller than the original get the travel size for the same price .
 I did n't even look at the size on the listing , but this is way too small for anyone . Like a Kinderegg toy size . I returned it .
 I thought I was getting the next smaller size than the regular Etch a Sketch ... I just bought 2 of the 4 x 6 '' ones cheaper than these and had no shipping at WalMart . These were not described very well . Would have never ordered them . .
 I just received this mini etch-a-sketch . I tried to draw on it but it 's too small to see anything . There was no clear description of this toy . A big disappointment
 This set makes a mess . There 's really no way my 4 year old daughter could handle this by herself . She was dissapointed quickly . There 's a limited amount of mix , but we have some still , because she lost interest when she saw she could n't do it by herself . She has much more fun helping me make cookies and then playing with her Barbie while the cookies bake .
 I was very disappointed in this set . It is very messy and once you are done , there are no more refills to make more cakes . My daughter liked eating the frosting and the sprinkles , but after she was done , she had no interest in the toy .
 Are we so gullible that we 're going to believe that Kelly is Barbie 's younger sister ? Open your eyes . Barbie 's younger sister is Skipper ; Kelly is her dirty little secret . Barbie dates to an era where it was not uncommon for an unwed pregnant girl to be shipped of to `` stay with her aunt '' for a year , then after her return she would conveniently gain a `` baby sister '' . Marlon Brando went most of his life call his grandmother `` mom '' and his mother `` sis '' ; google it for the details . The images and text accompanying the set of Barbie pushing Kelly in a stroller makes it clear what their true relationship is .
 My daughter received this Barbie as a gift . Good idea but not worth the money , in my opinion . When we were mixing up the cake mix it had a horrible smell to it . My daughter plugged her nose and left the room . Not a good choice if you have a weak stomach . Do not waste your money , good thought and idea .
 I glad I bought this on sale ! My five year daughter and I tried `` baking '' and all it turned out to be was a huge mess ! The icing would n't come out of the pots and the sugar crystal were falling out the second pot before we even finished filling the pan at the first station . The taste was terrible ! All that trouble and my daughter could n't even eat it ! The only thing my daughter uses now are the dolls .
 I did n't realize until we opened the box how messy this toy was . The icing mix smells awful and was a mess to clean up . I 'm glad the mix is gone and I told my daughter she could pretend to make cakes in the oven . I would not buy any more mix even if it was available . The dolls are cute , but leave the mix out of the package , waste of money .
 A fundamental tenet of good parenting is that one should ease one 's children into life 's deeper lessons at an early age . Some of our best tools for doing this come from fairy tales and their morals , others from the raw materials of play . To this arsenal the wizards at Mattel add a vital weapon in the form of Ken Doll Prince Stefan . A single glance tells it all - the fine Italian clothes , the solid gold accoutrements , the he-tiara - Ken Doll Prince Stefan is loaded . An hour or so of play with Ken Doll Prince Stefan provided the perfect segue to revealing the broad outlines of our fading financial circumstances to our young daughter , and to explaining how finding herself a real Prince Stefan might one day help her transcend this situation .
 I am displeased with this item . About 2 months after giving it to our son the ear fell off . We have many many other anamalz and they are all very durable and well made . The body of this product is also different than the others we have . This one is not completely rounded and it appears to be an older model ? Anyways , I would not purchase this particular zebra anamalz because its not the same high quality as the others . I feel the seller is selling an old model . I 'm out of my return period and so have to keep this thing . The more that I look at it there are other things that are less than perfect about it and I should have just returned it right away . I should also mention we had another zebra anamalz that my son lost on a walk ... its body was fully rounded and the quality was amazing ! I guess having had two different zebra 's pretty much convinces me that this one is definitely an old model . Boo to this seller !
 As cute of an idea this house is -- what a mess ! Glitter everywhere , not child friendly at all . My daughter was so excited to get this for Christmas and was quickly frustrated and disappointed by how this thing operates . I 'm not sure what they had in mind when they designed this thing but glitter winds up everywhere and quickly comes off the very tiny pieces . Not to mention the whole line of rubber clothes rips after a few uses . Save some cash and your child 's frustration and avoid the purchase of this toy !
 The water does pump , but it does n't go very far out . Not much fun for little boys who love big splashes . You have to pump really hard to get water to move and a lot of it runs right back out the bottom . It has n't broken yet , but then again , they do n't play with it much because it does n't work very well . We were all disappointed .
 Not much to say except the pump does not work , alas . Not for me , age 34 , and not for my son , age 4 .
 This product was pricey for what you get . It is basically a Barbie type doll . The wings come off all the time because they are magnatized and when we received the product from the seller , both the little fairy and Bloom 's wings did not light up . The seller said they did when they left the store . I have to go purchase special batteries in addition to the cost of the toy and repair it myself . I did not purchase the toy for its educational value , but I would not spend this kind of money again for this type of toy . Go get a Barbie Mariposa for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- at Target . Those wings stay on !
 We have an old Form Fitter that my daughter loves but many of the shapes are missing . So I decided to purhcase a new one on Amazon . What a huge dissapointment ! The classic Form Fitter had 18 different geometric shapes
 I love this toy , but I 'm not sure about my 9 month old daughter . She is still learning how to use it and is more interested in chewing on the pieces . She does like to watch me dump the pieces out and put them back in . I like it because it 's nice and simple and does not require batteries .
 I bought this for my son for -LSB- $ -RSB- knowing that playskool was a pretty good brand . . I was wrong about this toy . The top comes off even if you barely touch it . . so my son just puts them in the big opening . . that dosent teach much . . I wouldnt purchase it for anyone and I will look for a new shape sorter for my son .
 I was not impressed with the sorter box . It is very flimsy , and the top is always falling off . My child uses it as a basket instead of a sorter . Had to buy a different sorter .
 There are much cuter shape sorters available that also may be more fun . I always had to coax my kids to play with this , its not all that appealing , but I like the choice of nine shapes and it is a good way for a child to learn those shapes . A good feature is the lid snaps shut which means pieces dont get lost in the toy box . Little ones will need help opening it though .
 Do not order this toy . They will ship you the item that is NOT in the picture -- I wanted the shape box with the 18 different shapes . They sent me the cheesy cheap new one with only 10 or 12 shapes . cheap!I 'm returning it right away .
 Choking hazard
 this toy is a little on the LOUD side . Our baby seems a little afraid of it . I do n't recommend it .
 This seemed to be a much advertised , supposedly much sought after doll . I 'd even heard a conversation between parents in a local store dismayed because the store was sold out of this doll shortly before Christmas . But Christmas morning , the doll was taken out of the packaging , and neither of my daughters -LRB- ages 5 and 8 -RRB- have played with it since . It 's still sitting on the table where it was placed after being removed from the packaging . Another much commercialized version of Barbie , but if the kids are n't going to play with it , what 's the point ?
 My 6 year old loves This doll but the glitter comes off , brush plays high anoying pitched music , and the hair is one big problem , It gets tangled or even scattered to the winds.This rapunzel barbie is not durable as well.My 11 year old son accidentaly pulled barbie 's head and it broke I could ` nt put it on . My 6 year old cried for 2hrs . She knew my son just did it on accident . I was so disapointed -LRB- ashamed -RRB- that I wasted 10 dollars on this junk !
 I am very disappointed in the Barbie Travel Train I purchased for my twin daughters at Christmas.The item was highly overpriced , missing pieces , and far too fragile for 41/2 year olds to play with.I would not recommend this toy for little girls or boys .
 She uh ... well do you want your kid to be a snob ? Seriosly this is advertising for your children to be arrogant ... Do you want your kid not hanging around people because she says their `` uncool . '' Just because of their money ? This doll is the kind that way .
 Both articles I wanted were advertised in the Boston Globe insert for `` toyrus.com '' today . When I came online to order both on the very same day they were listed as `` discontinued '' . This is surely not good customer service and may be desceptive advertising !!!!!!
 I ordered this toy for my daughters the first week in November . It had not arrived almost a month later , even though it had been marked `` shipped '' on the Amazon website after a few desperate inquiries -LRB- and no e-mail response from the seller -RRB- . I finally received an e-mail from the seller for a refund.By that time it was too late to find the same toy for timely shipment for Christmas . If you have a choice to order from another seller , do so . There are better options on Amazon .
 This is a very cute , soft little doll . I emphasize little - it is not very big . Be forewarned - even though it states that it `` giggles '' - it does not ! It SQUEAKS - just like in dog toys . No way does it even remotely resemble a giggle - not by the farthest stretch of the imagination . Plus , it is almost impossible for a baby to squeeze it hard enough to make it squeak . It is a cute little doll for baby 's 1st maybe , because it is just the right size for little hands , & it is VERY soft . I expected it to be a bit larger . I was disappointed enough that I returned the item as soon as I received it . I would have had a better opinion of it if it had cost maybe 1/2 of what it does -LRB- ... -RRB-
 On Dec. 9th , we were told Schoenhut would n't have these in until Jan. 5th . January 5th they said February 15th . The retailer , CSN Toys and Games , has been great at keeping us informed . They have a date of February 23rd . I called Schoenhut several times only to learn that they are no longer made in America . China is having some problems -- no kidding ! And they really do n't know what to expect . So do n't hold your breath . Luckily , we have a real piano which our children love to play . Too bad we 've left our tree up for weeks waiting for it . And our son picked out the color as it is a gift from his grandmother . So he keeps looking out the window waiting for the UPS truck to bring it . I can not help but wonder if they still made the pianos in this country , as advertised on their website , would it be safer and better ?
 after reading other reviews , i can see i am not the only one who had problems with this flashlight . our light went out on it 's own after about 30 seconds . . very frustrating . however , after 2 yrs , it 's still working ... or not working .
 Nice idea , especially the automatic shutoff.Ours worked for 5 minutes of fun , then died . No way to get at the bulb or anything to check it . Pretty disappointing gift .
 My 4 yr old has all the American winx dolls . SHe gets frustrated with them because they are cheap , hard to dress and their clothing keeps comming apart at the seams . Her Italian grandmother bought her two of the Italian winx dolls recently.Aisha and Techna . The Italian dollas are better made , and much sturdier . They are bigger than a barbie so are easier to dress than their difficult , poseable , American counterparts . They have few acessories , but what they do come with is more sturdy and none of it is made of cardboard -LRB- I think the ceap cardboard acessories of the American dolls are a rip off -RRB- . I 'm going to get more of the Italian ones for my daughter 's birthday . She just gets less frustrated playing with them than she does with the tiny American dolls.The Italian Techna is scented plastic . I do n't know if the other 's are . My daughter loves that she smells like violets . Aisha 's wings are made of cheap plastic and attach with velcro . But my daughter does not care about this part . She rarely played with the wings on the American dolls anyway -LRB- because they kept getting knocked off in play -RRB- . I find the velcro holds the wings on better than the magnets on the American dolls .
 I 'm eleven i still love barbie but mattel has gone WAYYYYYYYYYYYYYY to far i mean a spy barbie i love spy stuff and barbies but together that is dumb me and friend got so bored after a couple moths we ripped off it 's head filled it with milk then we coverd it in peanut butter and gave it to my dog she had way more fun with it then us it 's buried in my yard now were it belongs
 The fish and number puzzles are good . The letters puzzle is horrible . The pieces are n't in the shape of the letter . Also , the board has odd pictures for the letter . My son has no idea where the letters go ... he ca n't match the letter with the board , and the board cut outs are n't in the shape of the letters . Awful letter puzzle .
 I was so disappointed . I ordered and now returned this item twice . Each time it was defective with the letter X not on the letter base . I was very disappointed as I ordered it for my niece as a holiday present . Melissa and Doug really need to improve their quality control !
 These puzzles are the worst quality straight out of the package . Before my 18 month old could even play with them the pieces were starting to peel . These do not look like our other Melissa and Doug puzzles and I do not feel safe with her playing with them .
 I love Melissa and Doug products , but unfortunately this puzzle set seems to have come from their factory 's &#34; reject &#34; pile . Before I even unwrapped it the images were peeling off some of the letters , but even worse was the fact that the W was missing and in its place was an upside down M ! They are completely different shapes , so this kind of defeats the purpose of a shape-based puzzle like this.Overall I 'm pretty disappointed .
 When it arrived one of the letters was n't made correctly . The picture is n't attached to the piece . I bought it on sale , so it 's not worth the postage to send it back .
 Very overpriced for the product given . You can purchase these exact same things from your local walmart for less money .
 I 've been disappointed in all Melissa and Doug puzzles my little girl has received . All of them are labeled hand crafted but yet the 1st time she puts the puzzle piece in her mouth it is destroyed . The puzzle pieces have stickers on them and do not stay on after getting wet . We had these puzzles for about 15 minutes before the stickers started coming off . Would not recommend these to anyone whose child still enjoys putting everything in their mouth .
 Just go ahead and find the Barbie play and store dollhouse ... it is HUGE , very nice , and very DURABLE ... My daughter plays with her my little pony toys in it more than Barbies ... but that is her 1st choice of toys ... PLEASE do yourself a favor and and purchase the Barbie play and store doll house at TRU ... well worth the money spent ... btw , purchase some furniture @KB !!!
 When will Mattel learn to use more durable materials when constructing their Barbie houses ? The first Barbie houses were made out of cardboard -LRB- even the furniture -RRB- ! In the late 60 's Mattel began making Barbie houses out of cardboard covered in a smooth , almost stretchy-type of plastic -LRB- but the furniture was thin and brittle -RRB- . Currently , Barbie houses are constructed out of a brittle-type of plastic and I am through wasting my money on them . Why does n't Mattel wise up and use the same material for their houses that Barbie dolls are made of ? Even better would be to use the type of plastic that Little Tikes uses for its toys . Perhaps it 's a ploy and Mattel really does n't want their Barbie houses to last !
 My 6 year old daughter received the talking townhouse for xmas . It was the ONLY thing she wanted from Santa . Well after we got it together and put the stickers on -LRB- which were a pain because she wanted to do it herself and kept getting them on wrong and ripping them -RRB- It is definitely an adults job -RRB- She has not played with it since . Lost interest after only an hour of play . Most certainly not worth the $ ... I spent , am very dissappointed with this toy . Thank goodness Santa did n't listen and brought other toys for her to enjoy .
 Can not find a real person to call about my order . UPS does not show that it has been shipped and it is two days after my receiving date . Was shipped and charged to my account . Only have 7 more days to receive at this address . What do I do afterwards ...
 If you are looking for a Barbie house that is durable , I would strongly advise you to check out another house . This house is very flimsy , cheaply made and not worth the money . It comes with extremely small pieces . It is very hard to operate for small hands -LRB- larger hands also -RRB- . If you are like me you spend a lot of money with Barbie , this certainly does not deserve a penny . Barbie does offer another 3 decker house , very sturdy , very well built and a much better choice .
 My 6 yr old daughter Lauren , got this for her b/day . Yes , she likes it and plays with it , but it does n't say too much . The only places that it talks is at the front door , shower and kitchen . She used to have a dollhouse that said 3 to 4 different sayings in each room of the house , plus the doll figures said many different things as well . I would have bought that same dollhouse again but I do n't think it is being made anymore . Anyhow , I would think about this one , it really does n't do too much for the money . If the cost was only $ 35.00 then I could see it being worth the money , but not at its current price.R.B
 Received two Ungar soldering irons -LRB- 7400 3 wire handle ,4037 s heater , PL133 iron clad tip -RRB- in blister packs that had been taped shut suggesting at the outset that maybe something was wrong . The first iron would n't heat up until it did suddenly and then stopped because it had blown a 10 amp fuse . Disassembling and inspecting the 4037s heater showed a hole had been blown in the side of the screw shell of the heater and the heater no longer had continuity . I promptly disposed of the heater in the garbage . The second iron also would n't heat up , but this was an open neutral connection to the screw shell in the 7400 handle . Nothing I tried made any difference so I cut the handle up with my Milwaukee portaband saw looking for the open connection . I found it ! The neutral wire coming into the handle connects to a small L-shaped brass finger that is supposed to make contact with the bottom of the screw shell . It did make contact after I wiggled it back and forth several times , but too late , because the handle was lying on my bench in five pieces ! What I learned from this is that a small bladed thin screwdriver inserted into a -LRB- WARNING ! THE IRON MUST BE UNPLUGGED FROM ANY POWER SOURCE . WARNING ! -RRB- small slotted opening in the bottom of the 7400 's screw shell can contact the brass finger which is connected to the neutral wire and it may be possible to wiggle the brass finger possibly restoring contact with the screw shell . Well , I ordered two complete Ungar irons and now I 'm left with one complete iron and one extra `` PL133-1 / 4 '' thread-on long taper chisel iron clad tip '' . I really like this tip ! I hope the iron I still have continues to work , but who knows ? 5 stars for fun - 5 stars for educational value - 5 stars for durability - one lonely star for Ungar 's quality control failures !
 What happened to the soft fleece gloworms ? The new ones are n't as soft and cuddely . Infants do n't even get attached to it until they 're older . I got mine when I was three in 1990 , and I have slept with it ever since . It is not a toy , but a sleep buddy for a toddeler .
 I bought 2 of these for my twins for their first Christmas . They could n't really operate the light up part unless we positioned the thing and showed them where to push . Their hands were n't big enought to squeeze around the whole body . The light is activated by a bar on one side of the cylinder -LRB- inside the soft body where you put the batteries . -RRB- If that bar is n't where it was the last time - they wo n't be pushing it when they press -LRB- and , of course , the light wo n't come on -RRB- Bummer . Even when they did get it to come on . . they were n't that impressed.I bought it because I remember it from commercials when I was a kid and it looked really cute . I guess I did n't really think about it enough . I really do n't even think that that little light would appease too many kids who are afraid of the dark . I was afraid of the dark , but it was because of things I thought were in the room that I could n't see . A light near my face would only light up the monsters that were about to get me ... I want a light where I can see stuff in the whole room !!! A nightlight is a better choice.My kids are now 3 and I get these out of the toy box every few months . They now can light them up , but only once then go to something else .
 My friend got this toy for her daughter . The hair is always falling out and she was disappointed with the horse since it does n't move . ... Even though the instructions were not very good and there was a lot of assembly required , it is great ! My daughter loves it . The horse makes a galloping noise and moves with a remote control and even after a lot of brushing , the hair is not falling out !
 My daughter thought that the carriage looked like so much fun . What a disappointment when she received it ! It 's extremely flimsy and falls over everytime she tries to roll the carriage . The reins are constantly falling off and when you replace them it feels like the whole toy will fall apart ! This toy now sits in the corner and she does n't play with it . PLEASE think twice before buying !
 This is such a poor quality toy . The directions to put it together were incomplete . It is just junk , do n't waste your money . The pieces do n't fit properly and had to be glued to stay in place .
 My 6 year old daughter received this from Santa for Christmas and we were all very disappointed to find the bridle and other pieces broken upon opening it . It also does not stay together very well and since I have been trying to find her something new and had to return the original gift she still has been unable to play with the one thing she REALLY wanted for Christmas .
 We bought this pack to go along with Cook 'n Clean Kitchen by Little Tikes for our daughter 's 3rd birthday . I can see now why this item has been discontinued . They do absolutely nothing when placed on the stovetop . Way overpriced for items that can be bought without the `` RFID -LRB- sp -RRB- technology . '' The pasta set works just fine , we just wish this one did as well . The item has been discontinued so I guess we are now stuck with an item that does n't do what was advertised.We like the kitchen , we just wish the breakfast pack worked.Update
 I work in an industry where vendors are very limited in what gifts they can give , and I have to say it 's tough for them to give a gift < $ 20 that I admire . I sympathize with them . That said , this gift crossed the line from `` thanks '' to `` seriously lame '' , right up there with Fruitcake in gift-receiving appeal . The tech arena has long been downsized so far that even if I knew another coworker well enough to thumbwrestle one of us has been downsized , outsourced , or promoted . A solo playtoy would be more appropriate , as I wait on hold for 45 minutes , give a description of my broken Sony software update problem to a computer response system and to three levels of live tech support , then after trying unsuccessfully solve the problem promise to phone me back and do n't . Twice .
 I am VERY DISAPPOINTED ! The Mr Potato Head that I received IS NOT the one that I ordered . I ordered the `` tradiotional '' Mr Potato Head -LRB- as in the picture -RRB- I got an `` updated version '' with only 1 accessory -LRB- an extra mouth -RRB- . The one I got did not have glasses either -LRB- like in the picture -RRB- . And I would have been ok with it , except the one I got was a piece of cr * p ! The pieces fell out of their holes and the hatch in the back fell off the first time I opened it ! And they sell this for $ 17.00 ! SHAMEFUL !!! I returned it immediately and I will write to Playschool because they should be ashamed of charging so much for a piece of garbage !
 I ordered this for my almost 2 year old because he is obsessed with the one at daycare with the glasses . But the one we got had no glasses ! I feel very mislead !
 This product is not very good ... I believe we just got a bad potato ... because we have a Mrs potato head too ... but the compartment flap doesnt stay on ... it falls off all the time ... it doesnt hold properly .
 I love the idea of this product but I found serious problems with it . The plastic cutting edge on the tape dispenser broke immediately ... it 's very brittle and does n't have enough of a serrated edge to cut tape easily . The screw holding the plastic edge in place popped right out too ! However , the rest of the dispenser is great.The tape is awful ! I tried some and I could n't get it to stick to anything ! Where 's the adhesive?This is meant for kids ... but I can see my children getting very frustrated trying to cut the tape off for projects and then having it not stick or hold.This product is definitely NOT WORTH $ 50 - I 'm very disappointed.If this product was of better quality , I would have bought another as a birthday present . As it is now , I 'm stuck with the one I have and I wo n't be recommending or buying another.All that being said , when I contacted the company they were MORE than helpful ! I was very pleased with the customer service . It was timely and they did WAY more than I thought they would , which is a nice surprise . Kaplan Early Learning Company has great customer service . I hope they get their product in order , because I think it 's a great idea .
 I bought one of these for my 3 year old . The wings were so difficult to get on we sent it back . When the second one arrived we had the same problem . The wings are made so poorly , it impossible for them to stay on . After the 2nd one , I am returing it for a refund .
 toy was difficult to assemble -LRB- the instruction set was pathetic -RRB- . it is not very durable . specifically , the back latch of wing never really catches so the wing continually falls off . the latch is difficult to open . i would not buy this again .
 Bought this GI Joe footlocker for my 5 year old grandson ; ; ; ; what a mistake ... It would be nice because it holds small items for Joe and has enough room for two Joes ; however , it takes an act of God to get into ... do n't waste your money , like I did . It is very frustrating to him to have to ask everytime he needs something out of it and even more frustrating for me ! The only toy I have purchased in a long time that I wish I had done without ...
 I bought this as a gift for my friend 's son , who was turning 5 . His dad is a marine , and I thought this would be neat . His mom was horrified ! She said it was way to realistic . Neither she nor I are against kids have toy guns , but in my opinion , they need to look like toys , not so realistic . Perhaps this is better for an older child , but for a 5 year old , this toy was not really a toy .
 every thing was broken when i got it so its so STUPID AND DUMB !
 While my children like the idea of their footlockers , they are very frustrated with the latch . They can not open it without help . They are 5yrs and 8 yrs old . I do not recommend this toy until they improve the latch .
 well my aunt once brought me this toy I ran up and grabbed the toy I opened the toy fast as I could . it was hours of fun a few days later I started losing all the gear . but I remember all the pieces 4 stinkbombs 4 powerbars giant gun 2 pack figures can not hold the giant gun . there is a removeable tray 2 guys one two pack of figures fits the whole footlocker you can write your name , rank and serial number this toy is not fun beacause it just opens and closes opens and closes figures in and out in and out.gear being lost . i wish she never brought it home for me on my baby brothers birthday so I could be as happy as him . humph
 The picture is already fading and colors coming off . I only washed it by hand with soap and water and the picture now looks crappy . It does protect table , but it should last longer for what it cost .
 I have a few of these Crocodile Creek placemats . They are by far the most attractive placemats I have found . BUT , they are the LEAST durable . The pictures scrape off easily and I have only used a sponge on them . They still keep my table clean like they 're supposed too , but they are not cute any more . They would be better play mats but not good for eating and wiping clean . Not a great purchase .
 The GI Joe Harley Davidson cycle is a collector 's dream . This is the most authentic WWII cycle I have ever seen . Unfortunately , the price is a bit steep , thereby making it a collectible and NOT a TOY . If you are looking for a dust collecting device that is authentically scaled and pretty cool , then I recommend you collect dust with the GI Joe Harley Cycle and rider .
 Listen up boys and girls . Hasbro states that this is the first vehicle they 've made for the 12 '' G.I. Joe collection in a long time . Coupled with the fact that as baby boomers age this item can only appreciate in value . Yes , it 's more likely to become a collectors item than a toy to play with . But even grown men need their toys and hobbies . Final thought
 HORRIBLE ! STUPID ! HOAKY ! This is Kenner 's WORST idea ever ! The voices are horrible ! I wish I could give it 0 stars in educational value and how fun it is . I reccommend that no one who is intrested in not wasting money should buy this . Of all of the voices , the worst is Battle Droid .
 I was very disappointed in this . The sound is so muffled , the voices sound like they 're impersonators . It 's a shame , this could have been so cool
 This was a good idea , but bad product . The voices are hard to understand and/or do not sound correct . There is a need for improvement . I do n't see much point with it . New thought , will it work with Episode II toys or will a different one be needed ?
 The sound quality of this item is very poor . It 's hard to understand what 's being said and in some cases it 's even hard to identify who is speaking . This could have been so cool , if only they had n't tried so hard to be cheap .
 The magnets are too weak to use as intended . We were able to make some great worms , but towers or other structures as pictured on the on the box ? No way .
 I bought this for my 15 mos . old for Christmas . You have to wind up the music by a knob on the bottom . The white button you push to make the bear pop up is not easy for tiny hands or fingers . The lid requires strong hands to push it closed . Two days ago , while the music was playing and the bear was spinning around , she tried to push the bear down , without using the lid . I heard her cry out and saw she had pushed with her index finger at the base of the bear and her finger had become stuck between the round base and the area where the bear slides down into . Since the lid was open , the mechanics of the toy was forcing the bear to stay up and try to spin , and since her finger was caught , she could not and did not know to push the bear down again to remove her finger . Her fingertip was pretty red for a couple of hours , even though it was only caught for a second . This toy should be removed from the market since the potential for such a painful and possible serious injury exists .
 This musical bear does n't do anything interesting . There is absolutely no surprise !
 My daughter received this as a gift for her 1st birthday . She did enjoy the music as most do at her age however as stated in an earlier review the toy is not suitable for young children . My daughter could not operate it on her own at all and even I had trouble with it several times . Unfortunatley I eventually just threw it away instead of passing it on to a friend or good will as I do with most other toys . Not recommended .
 When I got this thing , I started laughing . It does n't look ANYTHING like the real Britney Spears . This thing is bulky . It has so much material on it , it looks like it 's getting ready for winter . lol . Some of the clothes came apart when I got it . And , last , but not least , it 's too big . It 's kinda heavy , and I was totally disapointed . The face is just battered , like the doll had just been in a fight . If you want a good laugh , get this doll , but if you are serious , and want something really entertaining , go with another doll . It looks like E.T. from the side . lol Sorry , I was just expecting something better .
 this doll looks nothing like briney Spears the clothes are SoOoOoO ugly
 Ok , so here we go . I ordered this doll . I 'm all excited and everything and when I open the package , I 'm in shock . The picture you all see there is deceiving . It really looks like Britney Spears there , but no , when you get it , it 's a total dissapointment , and looks nothing like the real Britney Spears . If you want a good laugh , surely get this doll , but if you are looking for something serious , get another doll . A total thumbs down for this thing .
 I think the idea for Littlefingers LeapPad was great ... but those ingeneous engineers made one flaw ... they need to laminate the books . Or at least put the pages on cardstock ! When I bought my daughter the system for Christmas , it came with a book and it was just paper , but I assumed that it was like that because it was the book that came with it . Then , I bought this Songbird book and it was the same way . The pages are easy for my daughter to crinkle and chew through . She 's just learning about books and teething ... not a good combo . So I really think they need to put some people on their design team that have infants and toddlers . What were they thinking ?!
 It takes them 4 weeks after you main away to get the ants I bought this product and it tells you to put the ants in the fridge when you get them to `` calm '' them so i did that when I put them in the container 25 RED BITING AND STINGING ANTS came out i had to catch then with a tissue 2 bit so hard their heads got stuck on it . Whenever you open the lid the ants come racing out . All within a day my whole ant farm died . Who wants to buy red ants ??? DO NOT BUY IT !!!
 My son 's ant farm was fun , although the first batch of ants took about 6 weeks to show up , and several were already dead . The problem started when we ordered a refill of sand and ants . We ordered them back in August . When there were no ants by October , we emailed , and received only a robo-response . Emailed again this month , no response . Wrote a real letter , with emails attached , and no response . That 's an order form , two emails , and a letter , all ignored by Uncle Milton customer service staff . Do n't bother to buy this product .
 nothing like quality of previous ant farms from uncle milton . hard to instill liquid . clear plastic viewing area scratches very easily . replacement accessories are way too expensive .
 All the ants came alive but i opened the tube and they ran out so i had to catch them Oh they are red ants as well they all died withen 24 hours i asked for them to be replaced its been 3 months.DO NOT BUY THIS !!!
 We sent for our ants and they arrived a crazy 5 weeks later . 10 ants were alive , within 24 hours , it dropped down to 3 . They were dead within a couple of days . What a bummer . It should never have taken that long to send them ants . I e-mailed the company and they apologized and said that they had already shipped another set of ants free of charge . Well , it 's been 2 months , no ants . I 'm afraid to see what they 'd be like if they ever arrived . We 'd be better off finding ants outside , except we live in a place with no ants . Would be such a cool toy if the ants actually came like they said they would .
 This product is garbage . We could n't get the ants to stay alive . The company was great about sending us new ants , 2 different times , but they all kept dying . My older son had one of these years ago and his was great . His ants seemed to live forever -LRB- so we do know how to care for them -RRB- . I do n't know if it has something to do with the new ones not using sand now or not .
 Product is useless because the website order form does not work . No customer service . They do not respond to inquiries .
 DO NOT BUY UNCLE MILTON PRODUCTS!I purchased an Uncle Milton ant farm for my daughter on Christmas and on 12/26 she ordered her ants . Ten days later after not receiving them I sent them an email request for status . I have received no answer . Today I called their office and tried all extensions - with no answer on * any * of them -LRB- accounting , sales , customer support , vendor support -RRB- The only safe assumption is that Uncle Milton is closed for business.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT - YOU WILL NOT GET YOUR ANTS
 I was hoping for something that looked more like the ant farms of my childhood but this one is so small , light and flimsy it 's not going to work out for my daycare .
 The ant farm is flimsy . . not suitable for a child . The ants came dead ! After several e mails I got the new batch of ants 2 month later ! I followed all of the directions , they never `` tunneled '' . Three days later they were all dead . I ca n't understand how this product continues to be sold . No stars for would be the best review !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 i am very disapointed with all the new lightsabers , not because episode 2 lightsabers do n't retract all the way and episode 1 do but because the luke skywalker lightsaber from 1993 is much better qulity than the new ones it is so strong that when i hit my friends anakin lightsaber my friends lightsaber un screws itself
 I bought this lightsaber right after the movie came out . I was so disappointed with this lightsaber . I hate the fact that the blade does n't retract all the way , which makes it looks weird when you are n't using it . The blade was bent after my first `` battle '' . The light up blade did n't light up after my first try with the lightsaber . It looks kinda cool when the blade is out , but how you ca n't swing properly with the huge switch there on the handle . It looks real and it is Anakin 's lightsaber until the end , where his lightsaber is taken away , but come on , make the lightsaber a bit more durable ?
 These new episode 2 lightsabers are a complete failure.Here 's why :1 -RRB- The lightsaber plastic is transparent . As a result the lightsaber does n't glow good at all ... like Qui-gon Jinn 's did .2 -RRB- The on button to turn on the saber is placed right where you cant miss hitting it when your wielding the lightsaber-very frustrating ! 3 -RRB- It 's hard to even hold the lightsaber , because theres all these things protruding out . Look at the handdle in the picture , and observe the plastic.It 's not worth it at all , I strongly do not recommend this as a fun toy .
 This lightsaber looks nice but is n't . Know why ? The grip on the bottom -LRB- the bottom lines -RRB- are too bumby and the top has too lame buttons . To make things worse , there 's a huge block in the middle !
 The worst part about this toy is the kangaroo baby is just a head . Not exactly educational or fun ! What little child wants to play with a stuffed animal that just has a head ? Kinda creepy - that 's what my daughter said . Also , the Momma 's arms are short and look strange .
 I bought this bubble machine for my daughter ! The tail that goes up and down gunks up easily and then the bubbles do n't work ! Worked great first few days ! IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY !!!!
 My child was very excited to try out the Dora bubble machine and so I set it up outside and left my child to have fun with it . After a few minutes , I realized the poor design of the bubble machine.PROS : - Popular Dora and Boots characters - Kids love bubbles - Fairly inexpensiveCONS : - Works for only a few minutes at a timeA few minutes in , it stopped blowing bubbles . The problem I found is that the bubble reservoir is too deep for the bubble wand -LRB- Boots ' tail -RRB- to reach all the way down . After a few minutes of bubbles , you have to top off the reservoir . A waste of bubbles and time . After a few repetitions , my child got bored , as did I . We have tried to use it a couple of more times since , to try and get some use out of it but it was the same story each time . It also happens to be very loud . It is in the dumpster now . We are back to manually blowing bubbles , which really is more fun anyways .
 I was very excited to buy this toy for my daughter . she loves Dora . She could barely wait to come home . Machine works very loud , blows one bubble at a time . . did n't blow at all after a few minutes . WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!
 I bought this bubble machine cause it looked cool and my daughter likes Dora . Unfortunately , that 's about all it 's good for . When I put the batteries in it did n't work at all . Lame . Do n't waste even a penny on this stupid machine . Really , I do n't understand how it is even legal for companies to use non-biodigradable material to produce toys that will just end up in the landfill .
 I love my scene , but not this one.Her clothes are realy ugly and her face.This is not the real Barbie in the my scene gang I know.Get another my scene Barbie doll insted.I must get Barbie Day and nite .
 One word to describe this doll - Ugly ! Very fat lips and a scowl on her face ! She is a discrace to mattel dolls , such as REAL Barbies !!! I love dolls , even though i am 12 , but i mostly hate my scene ! -LRB- Well , except for My Scene shopping spree Chelsea AND Barbie which i LOVE ! -RRB-
 i do not like this doll . she is ugly . she is a copy of the bratz holiday dolls . especially cloe i mean cloe had red dress babrbie has red dress , cloe has blonde hair , barbie has blonde hair or should i say white . ahahaha she is so ugly . anyway here is proof that my scene copied bratz . on -LSB- ... -RSB- if u type in myscene it will come up `` MyScene is a line of Barbie dolls , meant to be more modern and trendy than normal . They were created by Mattel to combat the direct and growing threat of Bratz dolls . '' `` the threat of bratz dolls '' that means they were copies of bratzso haha bratz win
 Hav n't you noticed how much My Scene has copied Bratz ?? Megan = kenzeCloe = BarbieYasmin = MadisonDana = ChelseaSee what i mean ??? Bratz are way better than My Scene and are way cooler !
 I got these counters for my son I am homeschooling . I had hesitated because of some other reviews that were less than stellar but went ahead and bought them . I wish I 'd now purchased one of the other items amazon offers . First off , these counters are tiny . That in and of itself does n't bother me -- but the quality is very cheap . The plastic is brittle and you could hear the counters groaning as i broke them apart.Considering the fact that they were n't separated and had no container to keep them in , the price of this item is too high to be worthwhile . If you 're looking at buying these counters ? Spend a little more and get a better quality product . I wish I had .
 Although this toy was inexpensive , it only worked one time . Regardless of refilling the top with baking powder , it only sinks and stays at the bottom .
 Total waste of money . It would be hard to call it a toy ... rather a stupid plastic molded thing which would cost 10 cents to make and I bought it for you know what . Well you learn from your mistakes . DO NOT BUY it .
 This item is nothing like the old baking powder subs of my day -LRB- circa 1960s -RRB- This item though it looks nice , it did n't work very well at all . I put the baking Powder -LRB- not soda -RRB- in the compartment and voila !!! . . nothing . When I was a kid , I had a pair of frogmen and a submarine that took these little baking powder tablets . They were low-tech compared to this but at least they worked .
 This is just a tiny , plastic submarine . My son lost interest within a few minutes of playing with it .
 Not very much fun . Its basically a plastic submarine , forget about baking powder thing , it works but barely , the water needs to be really still and its not fizzy or anything , just a few bubbles .
 My 5 year old loves subs and ships so he likes this however even with parental help he still found it frustrating to use with the baking soda . He will push it through the water in the tub I am sure . I would would get the Toysmith Wind-up Submarine 7 '' over this . That has been a great toy for our boy .
 Not impressed with the toy at all . It 's tiny -LRB- a little bit over 4 '' long -RRB- . I is supposed to dive after you fill it with baking soda . It does go down if you do it everything correctly . But if you make a slight mistake in putting too much or not enough baking soda , it wo n't do it . Especially it 's hard to put the baking powder after the submarine was under the water and the opening to put the powder in is pretty small . Not worth the money even though it 's pretty cheap . My son lost his interested in it pretty fast .
 We bought it primarily to get the math cartridge . The menu had the publisher but the book was one edition behind the book my daughter 's school uses .
 Literally ... sharp!These are hard plastic and nearly flat with very sharp edges on some of the shapes . While the concept of the toy is good , i.e. learning shapes and how they fit together , I 'm hesitant to leave them out for ` free play ' because they are sharp enough to scratch or cut skin .
 My grand daughter has played with this once but I am still finding pieces . Not a good choice . I wish I would have bought something else .
 In theory , these are great cards . And for the first hour that my little boy used them , they were great . But after the first hour , the cardboard started to give along the points where the pieces join . So , every time my little boy tried to pick one up to show us how well he 'd done , the piece would fall out . He became extremely frustrated because he wanted the cards to stay whole , and the pieces simply would n't do so . Which caused him to not want to play with the cards , and so made them useless as a learning tool . He had been so excited initially . To see him in tears because the cards would n't stay joined was just heartbreaking . I do see that there are wooden ones available through another manufacturer and am going to give those a try . Maybe the wood will stay in shape easier than the cardboard did .
 It 's a great idae for a gag toy . But I did n't find it to be very authentic in the sensethe farts sound like a big fan instead of actual farts . Plus the sounds are randomly generatedwhich is also a disappointment .
 the remote is very spotty . sometimes it works sometimes it does not . If you can find this item locally its worth the xtra couple of dollars if u need to return it locally
 This was a christmas gift for my 8 year old son . The machine would fart randomly , but did not &#34; fart &#34; with the remote . We would have returned it , but we threw away all of the packaging .
 We have at least 5 other Learning Resources games , and this is by far our least favorite . My 4-year-old son has no problem telling us something that starts with each letter of the alphabet , and that is essentially the only learning component to this game . Moving your pieces around the board is tedious . We played a game with four people and my husband and I were bored to tears ! The game took 45 minutes to complete . There is a version for older children , but my 4-year-old is n't old enough to write a list of words on a sheet of paper . Maybe in a year or two we 'll take this one back down from the shelf and try again . In the meantime , I imagine it will be collecting dust , as no one has asked to play it again .
 The trays were much smaller than I expected . I have sorting trays in my classroom . They are much larger . So I thought the trays ordered would be just as large .
 I am Hispanic , yet I have natural blond hair , green eyes and fair skin . My ancestors were Hispanic , and they had light hair , eyes , and skin . I find it offensive that these puppet sets are supposed to be `` typical '' of ethnic backgrounds , and find them in very poor taste .
 These magnets are extremely cheap , the letters are huge and the magnets are very small , the letters do not stick on vertical surfaces -LRB- which is where we painted magnetic paint -RRB- , so the letters slide down the wall -LRB- if they stick at all -RRB- . The Doug and Melissa product is all magnetic and does stick , providing our child with a lot fun and educational opportunities .
 We bought these letters for our daughter , and although she does have a lot of fun playing with them , and I love using them to review letters , half of them do not stick to our refrigerator ! -LRB- We live in an apartment , so it is not the newest refrigerator , but all of our other magnets stick to it very well . -RRB- They are a great size , very colorful , and fun to play with , but I ca n't recommend something with magnetic in the name , when you try to put them on the refrigerator , and half of them slide down and on to the floor . They were not that expensive , and my daughter spends a lot of time playing with them -LRB- on the floor -RRB- , so I guess they were worth the money , but I would not buy another set , and I would certainly not buy a set as a gift .
 I bought these magnetic letters so my grandkids could play with them on our refrigerator . They do n't stick , but slide down the refrigerator . The magnets are too small and too weak . I will be tossing these , and trying the Melissa & Doug wooden magnetic letters instead .
 The good : The letters are bigThey are colorfulThere are enough letters to make some simple wordsThe BadThe magnets are very weakTwo letters wo n't stick to my fridgeThe company wo n't replace individual letters , you have to send the whole bucket back to amazon.In my opinion , these letters are n't worth the hassle .
 The whole point of my buying these was so they would stick to the refrigerator and the kids could play with them . Half of them fell off right away , the other half slowly slid down until they fell off . Not good ! They did stick slightly better to our dishwasher which has a very smooth surface , but still met with the same fate -LRB- sliding to the floor -RRB- . They are nice colors , thick enough plastic ... but really ! The magnets SHOULD stick to metal , right ?! Do n't waste your time .
 some of the letters will not stay attatched to the fridge other appliances . my grandson does enjoy the letters that do stick .
 Half of the letter magnets seem to not hold them on the fridge . reallyu that is my only complaint . Just a poain when i open the fridge and a bunch fall off .
 It looks great in the box ; but , when you get it wet all the fun stops there . My sub worked for about thirty seconds . Now it only works when it wants to . . short somewhere ? A nice $ 40 paper weight . What a rip off .
 My youngest son purchased this toy for his older brother 's birthday with his own hard earned chore money . What a piece of garbage ! Very difficult to open/close rear part of sub to install batteries , sub has intermittent at best or typically no radio control while in the water . Shameful toy to sell for the high price . Caveat emptor !!
 Same problems as the other customers here in the one-stars . Within minutes of exploring the mysteries of my pool , the sub died.Could not get the company on the phone and they ignored my emails.The autopsy revealed that water had breached the port nacelle and the engine flooded.I will never again purchase anything from Swimline/ILP . The toy was crap and their customer service crappier .
 Bought this toy for our son for Christmas . Very cool looking toy but when we tried to turn it on ; new batteries and all , still no power . No contact between the transmitter or the sub . Very disapointing , especially to our 8-year old who now has yet another plain old bath or pool toy . Hopefully I will hear back from the seller soon and get a new submarine to try again . I 'm hoping this was just a defective product and not an overall representation of this toy from Swimline .
 I bought this sub for my 10 year old grandson to play with in the pool . After a few days we noticed the whole darn thing was full of water and the electronics would n't work any more . We gave it some time to dry out , and found it still would n't work . I tried to do a return , but was told I missed it by one day . Basically , I just took 31 dollars and flushed it down the drain . I thought Amazon stood by their products to a greater extent . I will think twice before I buy electronic products from Amazon again .
 Although this toy has great reviews I seem to have got a faulty one . Firstly it did n't dive then after 30 minutes in the pool it stopped responding to the RC -LRB- replaced batteries -RRB- and would only go in circles on the surface . Looks like a quality toy but it is not .
 This looks cute but neither the remote control nor the submarine worked , with new batteries in EACH . The sub has a red light on the front that lights , but the engine propellers would not function and work at all . The remote control had a fitting issue in the battery compartment and as long as I held the battery in , and did NOT put the battery closure back on , it would sometimes turn on ; that was n't helpful , however , because the sub did not even work . Fortunately the seller gave me a full refund and told me to keep it so now my son just plays with the broken sub in the bathtub .
 Bought this toy for my son for Christmas . When it got warm enough to use in the pool , It worked for about 5 minutes , then the transmitter stopped working to control the sub . I found that if you place the antennae of the controller right next to the sub it would respond . I changed the batteries to ensure it had new batteries again and the same result . What a piece of junk !! I thought this was a quality product being that is was in the high forty dollar range . I will be contacting amazon t try to get this resolved , based on the other reviews , I see that ours is in line with alot of others . Waste of money in my opionion . My son is very sad an disappointed too , he is really into things like this at 6yrs old . He even thinks he had something to do with it not working and he did n't . Will keep you all updated .
 Got this as a Christmas present for my girlfriend 's nine year old son.There was much excitement surrounding the festivities on Christmas morning , but nothing more looked forward to than the maiden voyage of our new submarine.With great anticipation , we all stood around the pool , watching eagerly as Zac turned on both the remote unit and the sub itself and gently eased the sub on to the surface.With both port and starboard props whirring , the sub 's maiden voyage had begun.Then disaster struck.The propeller pods , suddenly and without warning or input from the remote , rotated skyward . Despite Zacs frantic attempts to counter the movement , the sub plunged to a depth of 10 feet as we all watched in horror , and attached itself with the assistance of the thrust vector of the props , to the bottom.As our pool temperature was in the low 60 's I prudently elected to conduct salvage operations from poolside and with the assistance of a 14 ' gaff hook , was able to raise her up from the bottom.Like the Titanic , she was doomed on her maiden voyage . Her hull had been breached by pool water which flooded the electrical compartment rendering the sub useless and inoperable.My suggestion is that if you would like to purchase a remote submarine , or for that matter if you manufacture remote submarines , make certain it
 Bought this for my son for Christmas . Out of the box , I did not work . The directional propellers did not move up or down or enabling turning . My son was so excited because this was one of his favorite gifts ... until we put in the pool and it did not work .
 Nice idea , just does n't last even when played with by careful adult hands . This was a replacement sub for one that died in the tub . Same issues , sub will only work if placed right next to the remote . When first taken out of the box the range is really good . After using it for say an hour , the range drops to nothing and the sub becomes virtually useless . It is highly probable that water gets into the electronics shorting them out . The only problem is that I ca n't find any water intrusion . Its a shame because otherwise it seems to be a decent toy . But if its not going to work except for one day , its not really worth it . My advice is to wait for the next revision to see if that works better .
 I purchased this for my nieces 4 year old son who visits us on a regular basis . I have a few toys for him while they visit . I bought this submarine as a Christmas time treat . Our pool is running around 65 degrees right now so that activity is not an option at this time but exploring the depths of our pool is a true adventure for him . When the submarine arrived I needed to test it before he arrived . Before using it be sure that the battery pack housing is sealed properly . Be sure the bottom lines up and as you turn the housing clockwise -LRB- with the front of the sub pointing away from you -RRB- and push forwards until it snaps into place . I was concerned about it operating in cold water but it did not seem to cause any problems . Navigation is pretty straight forward , left , right , surface , dive and sink . But I managed to recover and wrote it off as an operator error . As for the instructions they are not very clear , stating to open it up to allow for it to dry . I contacted the seller who contacted the manufacture about the `` open it up to allow for it to dry '' directions and if that meant removing the screws to expose the interior works and checking for water . The answer was no , do not removed any of the screwed on housing sections . This may be where some owners had problems . The instructions could be a bit clearer . So far we have logged about 8 hours of pool patrol and with the exception of a few collisions with the pool walls are our missions have been successful with happy returns . Also , night dives in the pool are a great pre-bedtime adventure.Update
 Not bad for the price . The kid likes them but the magnets are on the weaker side . When he wants to just slid them on the fridge , they will fall off . I would rather him have to pull them off with his fingers . When he tries to put them back on they tend to fall if he does n't precisely place them flat . Only gave the item 2 starts due to this .
 I bought these to be used on a magnetic whiteboard . I was able to get 1-2 of each number to stick , and then threw the others away . The students did like watching them slide down the whiteboard while I was n't watching though !
 The magnets are not big enough or strong enough for the size of the numeral . Slightly dissappointed . I bought some letters from another company that were awesome , the magnets covered the entire back of each letter and they were perfect ... might be Lakeshore Learning but I am not sure .
 Stay away from this product . I have used similar products in the past with great success , this product did not come close . It did not fly up , it did not whistle , it did not do anything that it was supposed to do . Stay away from the Toysmith Whistle Balloon helicopter .
 The helicopter does not fly ; it just flops around on the ground . I bought 4 different packages and we tried everything to make the helicopter work . What a rip-off !
 I bought this as an add-on to the birthday gift for my 7 year-old brother . He was excited to get it and use it , but I am the one who has to blow up the balloons to make the helecopter go ... which it does n't . The balloon pulls the helecopter off-course , it does n't actually fly , it kind of falls to the ground , it 's really disappointing . I do n't know what I expected exactly , but I know I expected it to at least whirl around and fly before crashing to the ground .
 I 'm a psychology professor and do research with children . I purchased these puppets to use with children in my projects . At this price , I did n't expect extremely high quality puppets . However , when they arrived , I was rather surprised at the shoddy quality . In particular , the puppets are much smaller than I 'd imagined - more like finger puppets , as the arms are essentially functionless.Furthermore , the female puppets are clearly wearing dresses ; thus their bodies appear to be full-length . However , the male puppets seem to end at the waist . When I unpackaged them , one of my graduate students stopped by and asked why the father was wearing a pink dress ! These puppets have been used with children a few times in my lab , but they have been mostly uninterested in them . I ca n't blame them ! Next time I 'll splurge and buy better puppets .
 This is an awful toy for what it was designed for . It does not stay together at all . I understand it is suppose to pop-apart during battle , but it would fall apart if our son just picked it up . I finally just super-glued it together and he uses it as a little statue on his night stand .
 both the slide and the rocker look fun but are very poorly constructed and leak air . Very difficult to get return authorization through the internet . would not reccomend .
 All the kids had a great time sliding down until the bottom tore away from the slide and it leaked . It tore at the corner and could not be repaired . Too bad , it was so much fun , everyone was so disappointed it could not be used by the end of the first day . I had thrown the box away once it was set up so I had to dry it off , stuff it in a trash bag and bring it to UPS for them to pack and ship which costs almost 40.00 . The good news was Amazon refunded my entire purchase price including the 40.00 shipping and handling . . It would be a great product if they could reinforce the bottom .
 My two boys ages 8 and 11 and their friends had a blast the first four days on this slide . Unfortunately the bottom part of the slide which goes into the water is the culprit . It does not hold up well and will tear away from the body of the slide after repeated use thus the slide deflates . It is basically irreparable . Too bad - this was a good pool toy but not worth the hefty price tag . A redesign would make it better .
 My child had a blast on this slide once I was able to stop the leaks . From the opening of the package I had to repair two pinhole leaks on a flat surface , no big deal . With less than four hour of use by two girls , corner seams had torn and are in a place where three surfaces meet , making repair impossible .
 I bought one of these slides 3 years ago & it was made w / VERY THICK plastic . We got 2 long hot summers out of it before a thorn on a berrry bush popped it . So this summer I found the same slide online & bought it . Wow was I wrong . When I took it out of the box I was shocked at the THIN plastic , but blew it up anyway . 2 hours later after 2 64 lb . boys played on it it was half way deflated :--LRB- What a poor product !!
 This slide lasted approx 1 month , My kids are rougher than most the bottom landing area ripped , and the entire slide was then useless . If your kids are on the smaller size , I could see it lasting a season .
 It 's a lot of fun , but we returned after one day as there was a hole on one of the welding lines . Only kids used it , so I can not say that it was stressed out a lot.They should just sell it cheaper with no warranty and you just know it is just like renting it . But if it does n't leak air , then you are lucky to keep it for another ride.I retunerd it and got a full refund . Thanks Amazon .
 This slide is a great value and is really fun UNTIL the slide starts to develop tears and ca n't be repaired . Now i have a useless slide and nothing I can do about it . They send you tape to repair but who can find all those tiny holes and rips all throughout . I took care of it too , this is just not meant to last .
 Even with water flowing down this slide the kids find this slide almost impossible to slide down . It just DOESNT slide ! Plus the bottom float part lays on top of the water surface and stops anyone from getting into the water . Kids hit that part and just sit ! I guess the whole thing just doesnt work .
 I was expecting better quality from Learning Resources . It 's a cute puzzle , but made very poorly.The wood breaks really easily . The pieces are not cut well and makes it very hard to get the puzzle together . It 's a good concept , but not worth buying.We tossed ours after two days .
 The idea behind this puzzle is great , but the execution ... not so great . The pieces are not cut well and they are very rough around the edges . Also , they do not fit well together . They fit together so tightly that as soon as the child gets one in , another one pops out and it is very frustrating . My 5 year old with excellent fine motor skills even has a hard time doing this puzzle by himself . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This ball pit would not stay inflated . It deflated the first day we got it . It would not keep air in it no matter how many times we pumped it up . The seems ripped in many places . This would have been a great product if it were made better . Good news is that Amazon accepted my return of this product and refunded my money .
 The idea seems nice - Sesame Street design , lots of colorful balls.BUT - this is for infants - why does n't the floor inflate as well?And in my specific case , item was DOA with a flat that would n't allow it to hold air : -LRB-
 Bought for my 9 month old , will crawl in and out , even with her weight , it leaks and needs to be inflated in the front for use each time . She loves the balls though . If id did n't leak it would get a 4 , obviously it is poorly made . I paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- with free shipping , so for that money it is great . Wife hates it though due to its enormosity .
 I paid under 20 dollars for this and thank goodness . the sides tdo not have clear cover on it like the fromt gate -LRB- with elmo 's picture on it so the ball come right out . The bottom plastic floor is not connected and sealed all the way around so the balls come out . Did i mention the balls come out within minutes of playing . My kids spend more time cleaning up then enjoying it . The plastic is not that durable so it broke within a month -LRB- And i had a strict no shoe policy , only two kids at a time and it was on a carpeted floor -RRB- . I reccomend getting a ball tent we had it for 3 years prior to buying this one and after alot of company and 3 kids in and out of it it broke but it is worth the extra money .
 I purchased this item fo my 14 month old who loves balls . After nearly an hour of blowing to get it inflated the back portion of the structure began to deflate . This product did come with a patch kit so I assume that this is very common . I did not expect it to deflate or spring a leak before my son could even play with it . The structure is so big that it is very difficult to locate an air leak . The leak was so small that I could not find it . I just took it down . Waste of money if you want a well crafted and non problematic experience .
 I agree with a previous review , this ball pit will NOT STAY INFLATED ! My kids had barely played with it and it started tearing and getting small , unrepairable holes in it . This is also a very small ball pit . It is too small for two kids to easily play in it and not bang heads . We had purchased a Little Peoples ball pit train years ago for my older daughter and it held up for years . This was a very disappointing purchase !
 We recieved this as a gift for our 4yr and 18 month old . They loved it for the first day but by the second day it had a hole in it . It was actually to small for anyone over the age of three and the material used is not durable at all . We have now had it 2 weeks and it is in the trash because it kept leaking air in various spots . It would be fine for ages 1-3 .
 THIS SESAME STREET BALL PIT WAS A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY !!! IT LOOKS BIG IN THE PICTURES & I 'S NOT . THE BOTTOM IS JUST FLAT PLASTIC SO THEY CAN NOT BOUNCE IN IT & IT TEARS AT THE CORNERS , MY SONS HAD A HOLE ALONG THE SEAM WITHIN A WEEK & WOULD N'T HOLD AIR AFTER THAT ! DO N'T WASTE YOR TIME & MONEY FOR DISAPPOINTMENT !!!
 This toy is not nearly durable enough to withstand moderate use from a 3 year old . Plastic panels started tearing about on day one . The entire thing tore and lost air within a few months of moderate use from the kids . CHEAP
 What a waste of money ! I gave this as a birthday gift and unfortunately , the parents opened it up at the party . It was embarrasing ! The image shows a much larger ball pit . The two little ones could hardly fit in it together let alone play . It also did n't come with nearly enough balls in it and the cheap plastic balls that they did provide dented up once they were stepped on . I have never been so humiliated ! Had I any idea , I NEVER would have given this as a gift .
 I bought this for my two year old 's 2nd birthday and he loved it . I was annoyed the bootom was only attached at the front and back so the balls kept spilling out the bottom sides , but he loved it so oh well . 2 weeks later it deflated in one of the front chambers and was all lopsided and would fall on him . We tried every night for a week to find the hole . We patched two areas at the seams where it was the potential culprit but it did no good . It was put in the trash while he was sleeping . So it was a huge waste of money and a heartbreaker
 I was looking for a bouncer/ball pit which I can fill up with balls and have my daughter and if possible a couple of friends play in it . After I inflated , I saw that it is much much smaller then the pictures show . If you have a 2-3 year old and if you put her/him in ... the whole thing gets filled up and there is not much playing or jumping or anything can be done . This unit is also very unstable and it can easily tip over . There are just 3 characters of Sesame street on it and nothing more . This seems like as waste of money .
 My daughter loves Elmo so I had to get this for her!We got it , blew it up -LRB- that took for ever -RRB- and she was so excited to see it . First off there is NO slide , why call it a slide ? Next after playing in it for an hour I noticed that the front was collapsing . I inflated it again , an hour later it was deflated again . We tried to find a leak and could not . So now it sits on my porch in the corner unused . My 2 year old is so dissapointed
 I purchased this item for my then -LSB- ... -RSB- yr old son for Christmas , in the picture there are 3 kids playing and We thought it would be enough room for our 2 year old and a friend . Well after inflatng , it was alot smaller and only big enough for one child and the balls that came with it did n't even cover the bottom of the pit we found 100 balls at -LSB- ... -RSB- . It took forever to inflate and then we realized it had a hole it it , the repair patch it came with did not work . I called and had a replacement sent only to receive it to find upon inflating that it had a hole in it almost in the exact same place as the first one . It is really cute but poorly constructed the curtains on the back of the ballpit easily pull apart and cause small tears in the ballpit . DO N'T WASTE YOUT TIME WITH THIS ONE !! . .
 This ball pit appeared to be a great item . It was one of the largest I had seen , came with the accessory balls and was adorable with the Sesame Street theme . It turned out to be the biggest disappointment ! Not only was it very poorly constructed , it seemed that once the ball pit was inflated -LRB- which was a job in itself -RRB- it just as quickly deflated . Also , the seams literally fell apart -LRB- and this was supposed to handle a 2-3 year old ? -RRB- . And while the picture featured this ball pit full of balls - the 75 it came with did n't even come close to covering the bottom ! The ball pit only lasted 1 day - I would think twice before considering this product .
 I sent this item to my grandson for the holidays although very cute , it was a waste of time and money to order this . The house had to be constantly blown up it did not retain the air . After three days and blowing it up 10 times we had to send it back .
 I bought this ball pit for my 2yr old daughter for her birthday . I read other reviews that stated that the pit was huge thats why I dicided to buy it , it was not huge at all ; if anything it was tall but the actual size of the pit was rather disappointing . The 75 ball that comes with this toy did n't even cover the bottom of the ball pit , I bought an extra 100 balls and did n't to make any difference . It takes at least 300-400 balls to make it fun . This was a total waste of money .
 My son like it , but it is a cheap toy , I does not last more than a month . I have 1 for 20 days before I stated having problems with it , got a replacement one but it was not different . Do not buy it
 It did n't even last 24 hours before it split at the seams in several different spots . Do n't waste your money .
 I know
 I thought if I paid a lot more , I would get a better product . I was wrong . One popped right away . The other has a weak spot in the rubber right next to the blow hole . It will not blow up more than 6-7 inches without popping . I will never buy these again . I got the 50 pack on Amazon for a price some people consider unlucky . Elevators in America are missing this floor as well .
 Upon a recent trip to China , I was briefly introduced to Mahjong . I very much enjoyed the intro and was anxious to introduce my game playing family to it . My hope for this `` American Version '' was clearly instructions and quality pieces.The instructions are pitiful with major translation issues , frequent misspellings , and woefully incomplete guide to learning the game.The review says it 's for the beginner and advanced player . Well the beginner does n't stand a chance as to figuring out what their supposed to do and the advanced player I suspect would be highly disappointed in the quality of the tiles.Do not buy this ... look elsewhere !
 I still have not received my order . I am not happy . Hard to review a product when I have n't had it to use .
 This is a cute puzzle but is too thin to use anywhere but a home setting , and probably would n't last long there either .
 It 's amazing ... I constantly write reviews for things that no one in their right mind would look up . That 's why I am writing this.Yu-Gi-Oh has spawned many cheesy rip-offs , including this wallet . Not much else to say , except that if you are as die-hard of a fan of The King of Games as to look up a wallet featuring the Pharaoh Yami himself , then this product is for you . If not , then do n't bother getting it ; it 's a waste of your hard-earned money . -LRB- And if you are looking at this , go to a different product ; this is n't worth your time either . -RRB- P.S. Can anyone tell my why they ask for the educational value of a wallet ? If there was a `` 0 Stars '' option , I would choose it - and put the same thing for all the other categories , too .
 WARNING !!!! I purchased this toy for my child and the button on his back side came off very easily and my 1 year old was ready to put it in his mouth . I have contacted Marvel and told about the problem . The toy is very cute but I warn parents of purchasing this for a young child . My 4 year old still puts stuff in his mouth . This button is just the right size for a baby or young child to choke on .
 I bought this toy for my five year old daughter 's birthday because she 's on a bog C.G. kick . The toy itself is cute and and soft , and mildly cuddly . However , the package states the C.G. `` giggles and wiggles ... '' . After replacing the defunct batteries that `` were included '' , I did eventually make George giggle , but could not make him wiggle short of shaking him myself . I was tempted to keep him anyway because he did giggle and laugh , but not by tickling his underarms and feet , etc ; to produce C.G. 's laughter , you have to locate and compress the trigger points in each `` tickle spot '' ... a bit like a massage therapist would do , but only you have to do it with so much force you 'd think you were trying to HURT C.G rather than give him a little tickle . It should be re-marketed as pressure point George . It 's no wonder he was on clearance .
 My four year old requested this item for Christmas , which I had never heard of until then . The doll itself is cute enough , but the vocals are , well , strange . Much deeper than you 'd expect from George and therefore very unpleasant . Kind of creepy , actually . This would have been perfect without the voicebox , which I guess was the motivation for my four year old , who snipped the battery pack out of George with scissors .
 This toy is surpose to be for kids 3 + and older , but in order for george the move around @ the same time he laughs is a joke . You have to touch his feet or stomach to get him going then you have to touch the right spot under his left arm to get him to move now remind you this is for a child . George has a magical spot that kids are surpose to now about , the box does n't were to find this spot . I returned it for a full refund , this toy did n't live up to what I thought it should haveAudrey
 The kids loved this stroller until one by one the seams broke ... wo n't buy it again .
 I ordered this stroller for my son to replace his last one , which he literally ran the wheel off of . I bought his last doll stroller used and it lasted him a year and a half of heavy use . -LRB- Lots of running back and forth to the park and up and down our sidewalk . -RRB- This stroller lasted approximately ONE HOUR before one of the back axles bent , causing one of the wheels to stop turning . And that was just a little light use on the sidewalk in front of the house . Junk , pure and simple . Do n't waste your time or money . I only wish I could find a durable toy stroller . Anyone ?
 Just a warning . The stroller looks nothing like this . It is a blue and white gingham -LRB- checked -RRB- pattern . It is baby blue not turquise . Quite disappointed .
 This clock shown to be must larger . I am teching children to identify the times . I could have used the class clock if I had know how small this clock was . I better look closer to numbers instead of pictures . I feel this was not good advertising .
 I was very surprised to receive only a set of spinners with my shipment . The photo , which displays dice and game pieces , is false advertising , and very misleading.I am quite unhappy with my purchase . I think I paid too much for a small pack of spinners .
 This was the only set of spinners that I could locate . Upon receipt of the package , I immediately had a flash of looks like a dollar store item . Way overpriced in my honest opinion . Reminds me of the govt . overpaying for items ; the school systems are probably their # 1 customer . The six individual spinners are black plastic and backing is thin cardboard . Hope they will function satisfactorily for teenagers playing dominoes .
 We bought this for our child . It is terrible . The light does n't work . The extra bulb is faulty . It is made of extremely cheap plastic . This is basically just a toy/prop but not really for viewing anything meaningfully . I wish we had spent more and gotten something of better quality and a useful learning tool.I would not recommend this for anyone . It is terrible . Money out the window , basically .
 I purchased this for my 8 year old 2nd grader . Its very lightweight and doesnt seem of very good quality materials . I should have went for a bit more expensive one . 2 of the slides were broken also . Thats no fun , especially when only a few came with it and the other set of 15 that we ordered didnt arrive until over one month later .
 My daughter , 11 , decided she wanted this microscope because it looked functional and was n't that expensive . She loves it . However , it 's tricky to use and requires an experienced microscope user to adjust the light , because the lamp is n't properly focused . The little slides are poorly made and have so many bubbles that it 's difficult to tell what 's in the field , much less learn anything about it . We had much more fun making our own samples and viewing them on real slides -LRB- it is powerful enough to see red blood cells , but not much stronger -RRB- . It serves its purpose , and I love to hear `` can I have a sample of that ? '' It 's a good learning tool for a careful child . My 5-year-old likes this microscope too , but he gets a little too excited around it and the light does n't stay put well enough for all that bouncing .
 I bought this for my seven year old daughter . My father , who spent 41 years of his life working in a laboratory , had trouble getting the device set up so we could see anything . It really is a toy - and very difficult to maneuver . I wish I had saved the money and bought a higher quality microscope from The Discovery Store .
 Do n't buy this piece of garbage . Terrible quality . Not fun . Not educational . Just poorly made and worthless . It is a waste of money . I regret buying it .
 I purchased this microscope for my 8 year old daughter . It is very nice , and sturdy but the magnification is really not that great . A lot of slides come with the microscope which is nice but because the magnification is mediocre , they are virtually useless without proper lighting . I wished I would 've have purchased a more expensive model .
 I 'm not sure about this item . I am disappointed that it was sold as a new model . The package has been opened and resealed . I bought it for a birthday gift . It will be extremely upsetting if all of the parts are not in the box , or if there is damage . I will write another review of the item when the gift is received.I have decided not to give the gift , but to return it to Amazon . I did not feel comfortable giving a gift that had been opened previously and possibly damaged . I will attempt to find the same item from a different seller .
 I bought this product because there were positive reviews on this site , however this product is the lowest grade leaf rake I have ever seen . The product was damaged with a ripped net , obviously during packaging because the shipping box was perfectly fine . Evidently the shipping folks did n't inspect the product very closely prior to shipping it out .
 I was excited to get this for my 3 yr old granddaughter . Unfortunately , the earpiece wo n't stay on . For some reason , they are at a weird angle and are uncomfortable -- aside from flipping off . She wo n't use it .
 My daughter -LRB- age 6 -RRB- loves to play with this when she pretends to be a vet . It works great -LRB- the dog even learned to tolerate her listening to his heartbeat -RRB- . However , the plastic circle that covers the head of the stehoscope likes to come off and it takes me about 20 minutes to put it back on -LRB- as it has to slip very precisely into a very small slot -RRB- . Without the plastic piece it does n't work .
 We just got this Stethoscope for our 21/2 year old because she had been asking for one . This is a nice Stethoscope , but it really hurts when you put it in your ears ! I had read the reviews but figured that maybe the other reviewers were exaggerating . They were n't . I can only put it in my ears for a few seconds and my daughter has not been able to put it in her ears yet . I am going to keep looking for a Stethoscope that does not hurt so much .
 The stethoscope is very tight fitting for my 41/2 yr old grandsons and they can not hear the actual heartbeat - as advertised . Disappointed in this product and it 's advertising .
 Are all stethoscopes like this?The ear tips are too tight and does n't fit well no mattter how I adjusted it . Those hurt the ears!Volume of the heartbeat was fine if the chest piece is placed right but if the chest piece bumps against anything else , it 'd get really loud ! Was purchased for my 2 yr old but I guess with the uncomfortable fit and loudness , I wo n't be letting her play with this at all.Will check out something else .
 I ordered this for my daughter and her cousins to play with because they love playing doctor and veterinarian and learning about the body and how it works . Before I put this under the Christmas tree , I took it out of the package and tried it out . It works , alright , but the sound when you first touch skin is WAY TOO LOUD even for my ears . Unless you very gently and slowly put this against your skin , the sound in your ears is very loud . As other reviewers mentioned , the ear pieces are also tight . My ears were left ringing for several minutes after I took the ear pieces out . Once I touched skin , the sound of the heartbeat was really clear ... but there 's no way children will be gentle enough to barely touch it to the skin . I 'm not usually one to keep a toy from a child because it is n't `` safe enough '' by picky standards , but I do n't even want this in my ears :-LRB- and I do n't mind louder sounds . This did not go under the tree , but rather went under my bed . Maybe I 'll pull it out to use with them one day with very close supervision . I 'm disappointed .
 now when this order showed up it didnt show up in its original box but in a plastic bag with a bunch of pieces-the toy itself is pretty durable but the pieces that snap on are not-this toy really shows its age-articulation is poor and the snap on pieces are cheezily made and seem a bit generic .
 I previously purchased one of these in 2005 when I built my pool . It has worked very well since that time , and I have always thought it is one of the best leaf scoops on the market , both from a design and functionality standpoint.Only now , 5 years later , is the netting starting to detach from the frame . Besides , it had a lot of sun-fade , so was time for a new one.Problem is , they are now making them in China , and the quality has gone downhill . My complaints about the new model : - the netting is very loose on the frame , making it billow out more and more difficult to control leaf scoop ; - the stub that fits into your pole is slightly smaller around than the old one and so causes the scoop to ` rattle ' around a lot when you use it ; - there one only one rivet holding the scoop to the shaft stub - there used to be two - so I am of the opinion that this will loosen up at some point.I believe this is a prime example of why we should no longer purchase anything made in China . Period .
 I had high hopes for this skimmer . The frame of this skimmer appeared to be made heavier than others I 've used , but it did n't hold up . The mesh netting is shallow and lightweight and is not constructed any differently than other skimmers . Bottom line is the frame cracked after using it for an hour or so of pulling leaves out of my pool . Not recommended .
 This skimmer slips through the water nicely and captures leaves well . Mine lasted a season or two and then the frame cracked near the handle . I thought I could mend the cracks with some 3M Structural Plastic 2-part adhesive . It 's very strong and rather expensive stuff . Unfortunately the skimmer plastic is polyethylene or related plastic which wo n't bond with the adhesive .
 We purchased this for a small kids pool . We have used it for one day , yes , one day and it is already ripping at the seam along the side . Glad we purchased it via Amazon so we can send it back !! : - -RRB-
 It is hard to skim through the water with this skimmer . It has too much drag since the plastic is wide which caused it to crack not long after I started using it . I would NOT purchase this item again . I bought a metal framed one to replace it .
 This net has too much resistance from the frame . It is difficult to use and does not easily move through the water .
 While some others have rated this skimmer well , I wonder if more recent versions are less impressive . I would not recommend it to others . It holds very little if used to skim leaves from the surface , and it is a real struggle to pick up leaves from the pool floor with this tool .
 I bought one 6 months ago from Amazon , same item number -LRB- 8039 -RRB- , same descriptions and same picture . Unfortunately , the screen gradually torn out from the frame . I ordered two this time because the price on line is cheap this time . But it came very small size , about 60 % of the last one . I ca n't use them . I have to return them .
 Ordered a pole and a net pole July 15 , 2011 . Received the pole on July 17 without the net , It is now August 22 and I still do not have the net . Plus Summer is almost over in Washington DC .
 I have a vinyl inground pool and this tool did not work for me . Instead of scooping up leaves , it stirs them up but the leaves go under it . It just does n't work for my needs . It is also heavier than the one I replaced making it more difficult to maneuver .
 I expected more food pieces . I was not aware that each strawberry was considered 1 of 16 pieces and butter was counted as an individual piece . Not worth the money
 I ordered this set for my 20 month old daughter to go with a kitchen I 'd bought for christmas this year , since she loves to `` feed mommy '' . When my order came I was so excited I met the delivery guy at his truck . I rushed inside and opened the box and was immediately dissapointed ! I 'd seen so many good reviews on this product and had actually played with this same name brand when I was a kid so I was extrememly crestfallen to discover that the company that used to be able to brag about their oh so real feeling food texture had apparently taken a different cheaper route in manufacturing and EVERYTHING is made of hard , cheap feeling plastic , oh except the badly colored bacon strips . I would NOT recomend this product to anybody ! I also ordered the dinner set and was equally dissapointed . The only plus is that other than the pad of butter , the sizes of food are great for smaller children and do not present a choking hazard.Learning Resources Breakfast Foods , Set of 16
 I bought these thinking that they would give me a more accurate reading . Unfortunately , they did n't work at all . The pH kept reading high no matter what I added to the water . Within a second of dipping , the pH strip would go from orange to deep red . Finally , after adding and adding chemicals to lower the pH , I bought new test strips , which read in the very low range ! But at the same time , these strips read in the very high range . They were very expensive and I would not buy them again .
 This toy does not look like the picture at all . The bread , tomato , and lettuce were all hard . The only parts that are a bit realistic are the cheese and meats . This toy came with only one tomato and one lettuce . That 's not enough objects to make multiple full sandwiches . I would recommend not buying this toy if you want your money 's worth .
 After reading all the reviews , I might have had higher expectations for this item ... Not what I thought it was ... just looks a bit cheap for my taste ... The only nice parts were the cheese and the basket it came in ... bread was not the material I expected ... Would not recommend ...
 I bought this for my daughter after reading all of the glowing reviews about how wonderful the Only Hearts Club dolls are . My daughter loves dolls and I have to admit , so do I ! I was fairly disappointed with this doll.First off , the packaging was a bit cheesy and the ties used to hold the doll to the packaging were difficult to remove . But , I 'm willing to overlook things like that ... that is until I tried to remove the doll 's headpiece and found that there are threads holding it in that are impossible to remove.Secondly , the doll is very lightweight and does n't feel very sturdy ... she is much smaller than I expected . Everything but her head is covered in this strange felted fabric that makes it difficult to get her small clothes on and off . I never appreciated Barbie 's plastic epidermis until now . I do n't know how anything but fabric shoes would work on this doll.Third , her outfit feels like it wo n't last long . The tulle is scratchy and the sparkles end up everywhere . The little dog looks like it was made by a 1st-grader . I guess the nicest thing about this doll is her hair , which as any doll-lover knows is crucial to a doll 's longevity , but I do n't see this being a doll that will be passed-on to other generations.Again , I really wanted to like this doll as an alternative to Barbie , but I guess we 'll keep searching and see what we can come up with !
 Do not buy ! Defective ! I ordered 2 of these on different dates and they are defective . 2 letter m and no w ! Returning both !
 One of the legs was stripped an took a lot of the excitement out of this product . Grandson wanted to use it right away but due to the poor quality of the legs , he could not try it out . It was quite a disappointment .
 Okay well 1st when I got the product I opened it and it was n't what I thought it was wrong size kit for my pool!it also looks very cheaply made an then was proven to me that is in fact is ... My mother ordered the same exact kit and within 2 weeks it was broke !!! Anyways I wrote the seller and they said to send it back so I did with tracking number and everything and guess what STILL NOTHING AND THIS WAS BACK IN LASF PART OF JULY FIRST OF AUGUST
 the test kit was ok but the instructions crumbled up in lil pieces when i opened the package & since i never used a kit before on a pool i had no idea how to test the water.also the maintenance kit didnt come with any type of pole so i still have to go purchase one that will fit those parts ... im still with a untested & un cleaned pool
 Dinky the Duck is really unattractive . I would n't buy this for a kid or for a decoration . I fail to see what 's supposed to make it so impressive . I mean when I grew up I had really pretty stuffed animals that I could play with , but this ? Dinky the Duck ? It 's horrible ! I recommend avoiding it completely like the plague . It 's not the kind of thing you want to see or even worse , trip over every morning . Avoid it please .
 My six year old received this toy as a gift . We thought it would be great fun but were very disappointed . The startup sequence is too difficult for young children to follow . The techno music is not great for much of anything , although you can use your own music if you have an I-Pod . I 'm amazed at how much is costs , given the poor system design.I would NOT recommend this product for anyone . Do n't waste your money .
 I ordered this for my 3 yr old son who loves his cousin 's musical box . There arent very many out there for boys ! He was so happy when he opened it ... but within a few hours , we discovered that the actual music piece was not even secured to the box at all , and the little spinning doggie kept getting stuck on the platform . My little boy never even wound it up ... only mommy and daddy . This box is very flimsy and there are pieces inside that look like they should be glued down , but arent . What a difference in the quality of the disney boxes as compared to this one ! My husband is going to try to fix it ... who knows ! If I knew ... I would never have spent this kind of money on it !
 This product is in now way as described . The filling is compressed to the point where you sink immediately to the ground . It does not feel like sleeping on a cloud at all . Bits of trash poke as well . Additionally , once you open it - it is impossible to replace in the box for shipment back to amazon for a refund . I highly doubt it is safe for children as my cat sunk right down and was caught in all the loose fabric . This is not a chair in any sense .
 Comfort Research must be the worst brand of high end bean bags out there.This product is definitely not worth the asking price . The fuf inside sticks together a lot and makes for a lot of sharp edges to stab you in the back when you sit down . Mine also arrived with a damaged cover . There was a small rip we did n't detect in the fabric until the second day we had it . As the fuf got more air and expanded , the rip got bigger and bigger . Since the product is too big to return , we had to settle with duct taping the rip -LRB- real ugly -RRB- , and accepting a meager 15 % refund.Worst of all , its just a bean bag . This is n't high end furniture that is going to last for years , this thing 's got to have a lifespan of about two months , tops . You can get something just as good or better for a fraction of the price of this thing on this very site if you just go with a different brand . Heck , if you go with a different color of the same item , you can shave almost $ 80 off the purchase.I 'm very disappointed in this product , and I definitely do n't recommend anyone else buy it .
 I ordered this item as a Christmas gift . It was advertised as a new item . It arrived stuffed in an unpadded envelope , with no box and no instructions . The mane and the tail on the animal were matted and tangled and the toy was obviously not new . I would think twice before ordering from this vendor .
 I bought the webkinz so that I could play online . After one day the house and pet wo n't load . Customer support has not answered any emails with request for help . Do n't buy it if it 's for the webkinz part of the deal .
 First , let me say that I waited decades for a Maya doll . Unfortunately , I had problems with Maya 's boots as well . When I attempted to take the boot off her entire foot came with it . I was initially pleased when I noticed that the line was manufactured in India instead of China , but , wow , I have new respect for Chinese manufacturing . The entire line of toys are flimsy , which is a shame since there are some nice likenesses and costuming here . What should have been a dream come true for collectors is a sad disappointment .
 Its OK for the price ! Was expecting to actually be able to see outside at night with it . Its great inside only
 First of all this product shows a bright light so people see u before you see them so in that manner it doesnt work and I would recommend to just upgrade and get the nicer ones
 I bought this as a possible favor for my 6-year-old son 's Spy Training sleepover party , thinking it would be fun for the boys to run around with in the dark . But , it is tiny -LRB- about the length of my thumb -RRB- and really more like a red light than anything else . As someone else mentioned , you can see very little through the `` lense . '' My son used it for a couple minutes as a `` laser , '' and then abandoned it . For a couple dollars more , we are going with the Night Vision Goggles by the same company , which are actually binocular-sized and have many more features .
 This is just a red flashlight , it is very small and too childish for my stepson who is 9 . Title of this product was misleading .
 hi this is Zachary i got this 4 my birthday and it makse my dog heid very crasy look down 6 spasis down but its fun !!!!! PPS do not by its horubll
 I purchases this item which I refuse to call it a toy , looking at the very positive reviews at Amazon and I am very disappointed . There is absolutely nothing of a ` spy ' factor in this thing and all it has is a red LED which lights up at the push of a button . You can not view anything in the view finder and it has no magnification at all . I really do n't know how come this product came up with such a good reviews so far . The bottom line is that I bought this for my nephew and I do n't think i will give him now that I have seen it . There is no cool factor in it . I understand I would not expect much in this price range but its really worth nothing - just a red LED !
 Laser envy ... . This product is a LED flashlight like you get on a keychain . you get a little scope to look through that does n't magnify anything . If you want a piece of flashy plastic that your kid will enjoy running around roleplaying with then by all means get it . If you 're looking for an inexpensive night vision scope ... you should keep looking.for an even more cost effective alternative to this , help your child attach a keychain light to a paper towel tube .
 This toy is junk . It is just a red flashlight and it is so small it really is n't even worth the few dollars it cost . This is something you would find in a store for a dollar so I am not impressed at all . Thought I was buying a cool Christmas present and it is really a stocking stuffer that will be broken in a day or lost in a few hours because it is so small . For a few dollars more you could definitely find better so look around before you buy it .
 All the other varieties of birds made by Wild Republic have amazingly authentic sounds but the Mourning Dove 's sound is not natural at all . The company I purchased it through was very helpful and professional in handling the problem . Enjoy the other varieties but skip the Mourning Dove .
 For the price I believed this model would have been a snap together finished product like my Hogan models . Tjis purchase was a bust . Total throw away !
 This kit is a great idea -- it gives you the basics to keep a simple pool clean -- but it 's EXTREMELY flimsy and badly made . The net broke -LRB- the mesh pulled away from the frame -RRB- literally the first time we used it , just to scoop a few leaves out of the pool.Hopefully we can get a replacement that 's better made from this manufacturer .
 My 31/2 year old son loves the track however after less than 2 weeks of play the motor has lots it 's zip and is now unable to propel the cars all the way around the track . When it 's working he can spend hours at a time playing with the track but unfortunately it 's not holding up and will most likely be returned .
 AFTER I READ ALL THE REVIEWS I THOUGHT MY 3YR OLD SON WOULD GO CRAZY WITH THIS TOY SPECIALLY THAT HE LOVES `` CARS '' . THE CAR JUST GOES AROUND AND AROUND AND THE MOTOR MAKES A VERY LOUD NOISE . . THE REALLY HAS NOT PAID ANY MIND TO IT . . MY 7YR OLD DAUGHTER TURNS IT ON AND IN LESS THAN 3 MIN THEY LOOSE INTEREST . I REALLY REGRET BUYING THIS ! ANOTHER THING , THE PEDAL SUPPOSED TO INCREASE , DECREASE SPEED . . YOU CAN NOT NOTICE THE CHANGE AT ALL !
 I purchased this toy before the movie went to DVD . I have a 4 year old and a 2 year old . They enjoyed the toy a lot when we 1st got it . Only some of the `` cars '' toys worked . The larger ones got stuck on the corners but some of the larger `` hot Wheels '' types worked . As time ticked away they have used it less and less . They do still however pull it out every once in a while and play with it.Not very educational though . : -RRB-
 This Zam 's legs dont bend & her left arm only goes up & down . She does not hold on to her guns too well . If your thinking about buying this to play with do n't , because you may be disappointed . If your a collector then its a must have ! If you want a good Zam to play with I would suggest the other Zam with the quick draw action . I hope my review was helpful to you !
 Well un less you want to build Apocalyps I can see why you would buy this figure but if you see it in the store not aware of the Apocalyps series I cant tell why you would buy this figue but people say its good so you can belive them but I dont reccomend this figureThanks
 This toy blows . The only reason to buy her is for the Apocalypse part . Even if you like her character this toy is horrid . I do n't know much about her but from what I saw in the comic she comes with the toy fails to do justice . I 'm pretty disappointed as I typically love ML figures . This one looks like one of those tiny toys you get as an accessory to another figure . Her hands are pathetic . Her arms suck too . It 's like they did n't care . Also what is up with her head ? It 's like twice the size it should be . I hate how they purposely put the best part of the BAF with the crappiest figure in a set.I recommend this figure to finish off your Apocalypse but other then that I find this figure to be pretty pointless . You ca n't even sell her . People are basically giving her away on Ebay and still no one wants her .
 Although many of the figures are incredibly cool , Marvel Legends is really starting to tick me off with their manipulitive marketing . There is always a `` perceived shortage '' of certain figures . Get it together and make everything available at the same time ! I saw this figure at Wal-mart and passed it up because frankly it looked bad , I did n't know the character , and they did n't have the rest of the figures in stock . Then as time passed I ended up getting the other figures later and I ca n't complete Apocolypse because she is the onlly figure I do n't have . I do n't even care about this figure but I 've got these other stupid body parts with no head for Apocolypse lying around . I 'm going to quit collecting after I find this one .
 The build a figure -LRB- BAF -RRB- program of Marvel legends keeps on rocking . This time build a giant 14 '' Apocalypse . This BAF is big and cool , super articulated , with sculpt and paint fine enough to be a sculpture . For Apocalypse 5 stars.For Iron Fist ... Well he 's super articulated and does come with the mighty booty -LRB- that 's the buttocks -RRB- of Apocalypse , but really is the weakest figure in this series . A lot of that is just charater design though . Green tights with an open v-neck green shirt , and what is that tattoo supposed to be anyway , ballet slippers and a dew-rag ? Pretty horrible looking . If you can , try to find the red suit variant , at least that 's a little cool . Also , the accesories -LRB- besides the booty -RRB- are two rubbery flames to fit into his hands to give a fire fist effect . Good luck with that . They are kind of flimsy and hard to place in the hands . Once you get them in you better not touch the figure again or they will fall off . Overall , not the quatlity of figure or accesories I 'd expect.But the rest of the figures in the series will make up for this one , plus you do still get that booty !
 Cons : * unless you pick the dozer up to turn it , the tracks fall off * lots of plastic parts * wear parts are plastic , not metalPros : * my son is required to fix this toy when the tracks come off , which provides some educational value * bought locally for < $ 14 , which seems like a fair price for this toyBottom line : Do n't expect the same construction of the classic all-steel Tonkas .
 Purchased this for a Christmas present . I was not pleased at all ... the size was very small and to me was not worth what I paid for . I did n't want to go through the trouble of having to pay to send it back so I just kept it .
 Very disappointed in this item ... way to small for the price ... I kept it ... did not want the hassle of mailing it back .
 This toy is more plastic then it is Steel . It is not at all what I expected . The value is not there and I am very diastisfied for the amount of money I paid for this . Live and learn . I feel that I would have been better off going to the store to purchase .
 I thought this would be a great toy for our 3 year old grandson . As Iwatched him trying to play with it , I was wishing I had gotten something else . If you want a push type toy , this is n't one for that . He 's still into running and pushing bigger vehicles . This one is n't tall enough.Then he tried moving the blade up and down and that proved to be ratherhard and does n't move much when it does move . Later we took it to thepark so he could play in the sand with it . The rubber tracks keptcoming off . He finally got so frustrated with that , he went to play withsomething else . I kept thinking about how much I had paid for this toythat had turned into such a disappointing experience for him and myself.If I had know about these things before I purchased it , I would have gone with something else .
 not for the neat freak who does n't want shedding christmas trees . stick to the construction paper type and use your imagination .
 I thought this would be just like the original Rack-O . The cards are hard to read and have too much on them that is not needed for playing the original game . I just needed new cards , since my son and I wore out the first pack -LRB- from the original game -RRB- . I 'm sorry I bought this .
 Amazon still has the problem of sending the WRONG Racko game . You will get the cheaper versionof this game -LRB- selling for about $ 8 on amazon.com -RRB- . You get the blue box that contains plain white cardsnot what is pictured here . I have read the reviews complaining about this problem but was hoping thatamazon.com took care of it after people complained and retured the game -LRB- which is what I did -RRB- but amazonstill sends the wrong game .
 This game is a lot of fun ... but the cards are so cheap ! we played just a few games and they were already starting to tear .
 The game I ordered was completely different than I received , true the games have the same name but the rules are different . I 'm disappointed .
 This game is loved by my family and me . I ordered two games in the past through Amazon from Firefly . Family members took the games home so I ordered one more through Amazon from Firefly . I received the one pictured on the website on the first order , but on the next order I received an older version Circa 1960 , I believe . The current version is more visually appealing and can be played the traditional way or with an updated versions with more playing options . I returned the product . Return experience was easy and simple , but returned was made through USPS and item has not been received , but this is not Amazon 's fault .
 this game is great . The only problem is that the one pictured is n't the one you 'll receive . It 's a chaper copy that you shoulnd ' t pay more than $ 12 for . the one in the pic is MB not Hasbro . The MB one is far better .
 The product shown is not what you get . You get a different version of Rack-O which can be purchased for half the price . The version they send you is the $ 9.99 -LRB- retail price -RRB- Rack-O game with plain white cards with just the numbers on them . I ordered this item twice and finally was told that the item shown is not available . I complained to Amazom and requested that they remove this from their listing . They assurred me that they had , yet months later it is still here . Buy the $ 9.99 game -LRB- which is what you will get anyway -RRB- and save yourself $ 10.00 .
 I bought this for my granddaughter who is into unicorns right now . She loved her unicorn but after only a month the pole came apart from the head . We glued it back and soon after the gold piece cracked and it all fell off . She 's so upset . I seems the head is just too heavy for the pole and gold colored wooden bracket that holds them together.Very disappointed because she is three and is very careful and caring of her toys . Now she just walks around with the head ... not so good.I would n't recommend.Sad Grandma ...
 I have an older version of this hand held game but the buttons are starting to wear out from usage so I ordered this one . It 's much smaller than the one I have and the buttons are extremely hard to push . Forget about speed with this one .
 After wearing out our previous Milton Bradley hand-held electronic Boggle game a couple of years ago , I was happy to find this `` credit card '' version . I gave it to my husband for Christmas , but he lets me use it.Unfortunately , it became apparent within a week that the quality of the device is questionable in a couple of ways . The first problem is that the game gets `` locked up '' on a regular basis and needs to be reset using the small button on the back.The second problem , though , is why I plan to send this `` credit card '' Boggle back to the manufacturer for a refund . It seems the device has a predetermined set of `` game rounds . '' After the first reset , I came across a round I 'd played previously ... then the next one was a repeat ... and then the next one - in the SAME order I 'd played them before . Weird . Either our old Milton Bradley device had a huge number of randomly assigned rounds , or it randomly assigned letters and contained a dictionary for word checking . I tend to think the latter.Repeating rounds is a HUGE problem to me . I have little desire to replay the same letter arrangement , especially when the device must be reset frequently and the list of rounds starts over again .
 I thought these chess pieces were going to be triple weighted , high quality House of Staunton chess pieces but instead they are a cheap imitation set made in China ! Not deserving of the Staunton name at all .
 In this game , you play your word . Your opponent plays their word , and then removes your word . You then play your word in relation to their word . It 's a simple and amusing way to play the game.The problem is that the double and triple word score tiles thus get reexposed after every usage ... with the person that had previously used them getting to use them again and again and again . The only realistic way to avoid giving your opponent the triple word score repeatedly is to forfeit your turn.As it stands , the game is broken -LRB- as is also discussed in the reviews for Scrabble Express -RRB- . I love Scrabble , but I am baffled as to how this made it through any kind of substantive gameplay testing.Either make up house rules or do n't bother with this one .
 There is nothing worse than a game in which the winner is often obvious in the first 10 minutes but lasts another hour and fifty minutes . If your oppoent lands on premium spaces on his first two trips around the painfully monotonous board and you do not , well , you are screwed . Monopoly enthusiasts insist it is more than just rolling the dice ; important decisions are involved . Do you buy the property or not ? Well , let me help you with that
 It 's a LOOONNNNGGGG Drawn out game that can get REAL boring . Best if played with 4 + people , NO fun at all with 2 . It 's an age old game ... it 's stayed on the market for a reason . I like it , but with a bunch of people and not kids , the kids just get too bored .
 How anyone can call this game `` classic '' is beyond me . Long play times , player elimination , so much downtime between turns that mostly just involve rolling the dice and moving , it is a wonder anyone ever finishes this game ! I do n't think I have ever finished this game as you are supposed to , usually everyone finally gets bored and gives up . Stay far away from this game , check out Settlers of Catan , Dominion , or Carcassonne for a good , fun game .
 Do not buy this product , which I am returning pronto . The entire game is in French , including the instructions . I am really disappointed with Amazon . What a waste of the consumer 's time .
 Monopoly is a money game of exploitation and eradicating all competition . Each player represents an investor with an initial amount of money and a playing token.The playing board is played on a hard mapboard . The mapboard is hard paper stock that is the same as what one would find with a Risk or Axis & Allies playboard . The play is on a square ring broken down of ten smaller movement squares per side . Each movement square is either a special event or a real estate square of a certain real estate values . -LRB- Hidden secret
 I bought this to replace a game we have . The houses and hotels are plastic and just overall cheap . The deluxe edition was what I was replacing . Ordering that one soon : -RRB-
 This Monopoly set was cheaply produced in China , as you might guess given its price . For a family looking for a first set , it seems satisfactory . But anyone who has played Monopoly for years should be on notice that this set , redesigned in 2008 , includes several minor annoyances.First , the most practical annoyance . The board folds up into quarters , which allows the manufacturer to fit the set into a smaller box , presumably to reduce production costs . But because the box is somewhat smaller -LRB- about 16 inches long -RRB- , there is no room for the sort of convenient tray for Monopoly money that was once standard in the old boxes -LRB- which were about 20 inches long -RRB- . This is annoying for both gameplay and storage.Second , the producers have unnecessarily and inexplicably made small changes to the rules of the game -- rules that have stood for more than half a century . Landing on the Luxury Tax space used to cost you $ 75 ; now it costs $ 100 . The new rules also change the numbers of each kind of bill to be apportioned to players at the start of the game -- and in fact , the game comes with a smaller supply of some bills.Mention of this set 's Monopoly money brings us to the third annoyance
 Please feel free to read this review in its entirety , or save yourself some time and avoid this version of Monopoly and buy the `` Monopoly - Classic '' version instead . While it is about double the price , it is the game you know and love . The less expensive version -LRB- reviewed here -RRB- is a piece of garbage.I regret this purchase . If you grew up playing Monopoly , you would be much , much better off buying `` classic '' or a used version . There are several major issues with this version , as well as some minor ones . If you buy this to teach your children one of the most beloved games of your childhood and a part of Americana , you are apt to be disappointed.The major issues involve quality and design . The board itself no longer folds in two . It is cut to fold into quarters and barely sits level on a table . I do not hold out much hope it will last very long . The property cards are flimsy , made smaller than in the past , as well as being thinner . The Chance and Community Chest cards are also of poor quality , much thinner than their predecessors , and take on color changes , now being blue/white and orange/white , instead of the familiar yellow and orange , respectively.The money is a big concern as well . The money is thin and there are not enough slots provided to use money in the bank during play , or to store after gameplay , and in fact there are raised areas in the plastic money tray which prevent the money from even sitting in the spaces . The raised areas are somewhat random and follow no logical pattern . So forget using the box/tray component for the bank during a game or storing money neatly . The tray is essentially useless . I have no idea what Hasbro/Parker Brothers was thinking here , and apparently neither did they.The minor issues are some game changes
 I bought Monopoly because my sister took our family set of the game . I should n't have let her have it ! This cheap version of the game does n't compare to what you 're used to ! It feels flimsy and the box is too small.The bank tray is n't large enough to hold the money so it 's just a wasted piece of plastic . You can try standing the money up but it does n't work.The chance/community chest cards are white -LRB- the tops have color -RRB- . The property cards are the same size as the other cards -LRB- small -RRB- . The board does n't fold in half , it folds in quarters and does n't lay flat.This version does n't contain the guy on the horse token or the cannon token.I 'm returning this junk . You get what you pay for.Edit
 There 's nothing to say about Monopoly that everyone does n't already know , but why oh why does Hasbro insist on designing the board to fold twice ? There 's a permanent slit going halfway through the board to allow for an extra fold , so you can forget trying to play on a soft surface , and it looks awful . I wish I had bothered to find this out before ordering , because it really is a deal breaker , and the game just sits in a cupboard now.In trying to cut down on space , Hasbro also made the lousy move of getting rid of the old money tray . It 's now a flimsy plastic , with slots for putting the bills in sideways . I could possibly live with that , if the box could be closed with the bills in that position . Alas , the box is n't tall enough , so when you pack up you need to stack the money , then separate it into the slots when you 're ready to play.In short , a slightly wider , slightly taller box would have elevated this review from two stars to five . You got that , Hasbro ?
 While monopoly is an OK game to play when you are completely and absolutely bored with nothing else to do ... any other time it is a complete waste of time . Monopoly is a game based almost completely on luck , so you do n't even learn anything like you do in most boring games . It takes forever to finish and about halfway through most people are ready to quit , my little sister once made me play all the way through with her and it took the whole day ! It was awful . It 's pretty durable except all that paper money gets lost really easily , and those pieces you move around the bored are also easily lost . With nothing else to do monopoly is a good waste of time , but any other time it is pure and simple a bad waste of time !
 Monopoly is somewhat educational as far as the business world goes -- but ultimately it 's a a piggy , greedy Republican game . Do n't play it a lot . You 'll raise unpleasant kids . -LSB- And no , I 'm not a Democrat . -RSB- Ca n't American toy makers come up with something more creative than the 1000th version of Monopoly ?
 As a kid my parents bought this for me and I was fascinated by the pewter pieces , the property cards , and all the other pieces . It held promises of infinite fun . When I finally played it it at 10 it was ok but we did n't finish . Fast forward 16 years and after 20 minutes the game board me to tears -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . The problem is after a while the game relies on luck for you to land on the unbought properties . There is another version of Monotony that has a special die which speeds up the game greatly by allowing you to advance to the next unowned property . That made the game more bearable but still it 's not something I 'd ever play again.If you have never played this game I STRONGLY recommend you play it at least once with someone before buying your own copy . Otherwise , do n't waste your money . There are a lot of other games that are MUCH more fun and enjoyable , including many `` Euro '' style that have more depth and background . My copy of Monotony is going to Goodwill next time I go there.My recommendationsParty
 Who would have guessed that the street names of a small and seedy New Jersey town would n't be the basis for a fascinating and fun game ? Surprisingly , Monopoly turned out to be a game that -LRB- 1 -RRB- was incredibly long ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- involved slow , grinding failure for those who were losing ; -LRB- 3 -RRB- involved almost no skill but also -LRB- 4 -RRB- none of the excitement of chance . As far as I can tell , the only joy people get out of it comes from handling play money.In many board games one goes round and round . But generally there is the sense one is going SOMEWHERE . In Monopoly -- more true to life -- there is nowhere to go . Just keep working and paying the man . If one is attracted to the idea that repetition can be the highest ethical moment , one only needs to play this game to be quickly disabused . In contrast to , say , Mousetrap -LSB- see my review -RSB- which highlights the nature of irreversible transitions , in Monopoly one orbits around a gaping hole of debt , slowly circling inwards towards failure.This is also , unfortunately , one of those games that children always think will be fun . But for some reason it is incredibly unpleasant to lose at monopoly . In chess , you die an honorable death . In Monopoly you are slowly sucked dry by other , increasingly hateful , players.The funny thing is , apparently Monopoly was actually invented -LRB- not by the goofball who gave it the street names -RRB- precisely to demonstrate the theories of the great American radical economic theorist Henry George . George argued that the cause of human misery was private ownership of land , an ethical monstrosity in itself . The game shows that when we allow people to own property , then even if all start out equal and are equally industrious , things can only end in the most extreme inequality.That was NOT supposed to be enjoyable . It is a testament to the perversity of the American economic and judicial system that we turned this cautionary tale into a game in which the goal is to `` win '' by sapping everything from everyone else . This is simply a horrible game
 It 's about time people admitted that this is the worst board game ever invented.Totally devoid of anything needed to win other than luck of the die this game is about roll and move ... roll and move ... repeat.Eventually people will begin to trade , if you do not the game will never end . Someone will trade something they should n't have , and the dice will then -LRB- eventually -RRB- cause that person to lane on something they can not pay for . Where is the skill , where is the fun?Let 's add to this that the great time of a game can take 4 to 5 hrs to finish . Features player elimination so that a few of the people will have to sit around and watch the game grind to an end or maybe find something else to do for a few hours.Why do people keep buying this ? There are better games . Much better games exist out there . These games involve thinking , and can be finished in less than 2 hours . You can find them by going to Google and searching on `` board game '' . Think about it before you buy this stinker .
 Monopoly . Many will call it a `` timeless classic '' . But everyone learned in board games will call it a `` mindless , luck filled , die fest '' . The game is entirely roll and move - you will probably have to use strategy about twice every time you play . The game takes up hours of valuable time , that could be spent playing better board games , like Puerto Rico and Settlers of Catan . This game is too luck based . The only reason I am giving it a five in educational value is because it educates children to play better board games .
 This Monopoly is pretty lousy . The Money is not the classic Monopoly colors or quality . Flimsy paper . The property cards are not the same as the original either . Rectangles instead of sqaures . The chance cards and chest cards are wierd colors . The dice or subpar . I bought this because I wanted THE ORIGINAL MONOPOLY SETUP . Everyone sells the modern versions , special edition , etc. . I wanted this b/c i do n't want the bells and whistles , and this was a disappointment .
 Got it in SPANISH ... NEVER mentioned on the item webpageGot it in SPANISH ... NEVER mentioned on the item webpageGot it in SPANISH ... NEVER mentioned on the item webpage
 I love the game of Monopoly . That 's why I was so frustrated when I opened the game and it was missing all the property cards , Chance cards , and Community Chest cards . It 's a little tricky to play it with only some metal pieces , a board , and a couple dice.We have emailed Hasbro about the problem , but be warned ... if you want an incomplete set , you might as well get one for a buck from your local Goodwill .
 I ordered the game Risk . Many versions over the years have been developed . I wanted the one pictured but received an older one . = -LRB-
 Nothing against Risk . This version cost a little fortune compared to other board games and I was expecting something refined . Instead it is clearly cheaply made in China !! I 'm not expecting the cards to last long , they are very thing and flexible !! The little soldiers are not made of solid rubber but cheap plastic ! do n't expect them to last either ... This is definitely a rip off !!! In Europe you can get the Tournament version for around $ 70 and everything is HIGH QUALITY !! you even get a place to through your dice made of green velvet !! the miniature are made of solid rubber/plastic and you have reusable plastic bags for each color ! On the contrary in this version you have to cut the bags and that 's it -LRB- I use elastics to keep them closed -RRB- . . Do not spend your money on this one ! try and look a better version . .
 Risk used to be a fine game to play . However , that is before designer games began to gain popularity in the U.S. Risk , unfortunately , represents many elements that do not make a good game . 1 -RRB- Mostly dominated by luck of the dice rather than strategy 2 -RRB- Unbelievably long playing time 3 -RRB- Eliminates players who must sit in boredom while the game continues.That said , it 's not altogether bad . I obtained an updated copy and it 's a nice-looking game which teaches people geography -- a definite weakness in the U.S. generally speaking . But 6 hours or more on a game which is mostly rolling dice can get very monotonous.I recommend looking for games that have a reasonable playing time -LRB- less than two hours -RRB- , have a nice mix of strategy and luck , involve all the players as simultaneously as possible and which do not eliminate players . Settlers of Catan and Acquire are a good start . If you 're really really bored and have many hours to kill , Risk is passable , but there are a litany of board games much more appealing by today 's standards .
 ok , first off im 16 . When i first heard about risk i thought it would be pretty fun . well , risk is a fun game but there is to much luck involved . for example an army of 2 soliders can take out an army of 10 soliders with rolling the right numbers.it is a pretty easy strategy game to learnbut it gests very old easily and you can end up angry beacause you got terribel dice rolls and your friends got better rolls.its educational because it teaches some strategy . and the durability you can loose the pieces . if you want a real fun strategy game then get axis and allies which will sure give you a good time
 Risk 's overly simple rules make strategic thinking useless . The concept of the `` turn '' is invalidated by the ability of armies to attack -LRB- and advance -RRB- without limit . This means that a lone , large army can march across an entire continent -- yes , an ENTIRE CONTINENT -- in a single turn.And that lone , large army can come from anywhere . Armies can sprout up anywhere , at any time . This means that a surrounded territory with a lone soldier can suddenly grow to a vast army in a single turn . This is unrealistic.Once a player is on the ropes , there is virtually no hope of ever returning to the offensive and the game then drags on while the dominating player mops up . This is fun for no one.If you want a fun , strategic game , DO NOT BUY RISK .
 I purchased the game for my nephew for Christmas . When he opened the game , the game board paper was torn off of half of the board . I contacted Hasbro on December 30 and again on January 6 and have yet to get a response . I will take this into consideration before purchasing another Hasbro game .
 My god this is a horrible strategy game . Just skip right past it and try Settlers of Catan or just about any other recent adult stategy game on the market these days . This is a brainless waste of time.Okay if you have to play something with the kids maybe , but I 'd almost rather monopoly . Try Ticket to Ride with the kids maybe . Anything . Ugghhh !
 The only thing `` Deluxe '' about this addition is the glossy foil cover of the box , which is designed to make you think you are getting something special by paying more money . Nothing could be further from the truth . This edition screams `` CHEAP '' from the second the lid comes off.The board is a quad-fold affair , redesigned presumably to allow a smaller , less expensive box . It has much less rigidity than the single-fold board of the `` classic '' version . When it is left out for an extended period of time , especially overnite , the ends of the board curl up and refuses to lay flat.The houses and hotels are completely featureless , just small blocks of wood . They looked to be dipped in some type of vegetable dye rather than painted . This is probably an attempt to eek out a few extra cents of corporate profit . The `` bankers tray '' and `` property wheel '' are flimsy plastic jokes . Neither would last under play by children much more than a few games.This edition is a sad legacy to a classic game , and the cheapness of the set detracts from the joy of play . For the additional cost , all you are really getting is the fancy foil cover and one extra play token , plus a board that curls up at the edges
 BUYER BEWARE !! If you are reading these reviews then this will likely be IMPORTANT TO YOU!I do n't know what Amazon and/or Hasbro is trying to pull here . The majority of the reviews for the product pictured in the primary image and evidently being sold , pre-date this particular edition and are referencing the TRADITIONAL edition of Clue , most likely the last traditional version sold from 2002-2008 -LRB- the one with the miniature figurines as moving tokens -RRB- . There is a separate product page for this exact same edition of the game currently being sold here , which has reviews specific to this edition of the game.So the REVIEWS ARE MISLEADING . The product page established in 2008 FOR THIS GAME has the correct rating for it -- an average of THREE AND A HALF STARS and NOT the FOUR AND A HALF STARS given to the traditional game of Clue from 2002 this particular listing was originally set up to sell , and incorrectly depicted on the other three representative images for the edition being sold.BOTTOM LINE -- READ THE REVIEWS FOR THE OTHER LISTING FOR THIS EDITION BEFORE BUYING !! THOSE ARE THE CORRECT REVIEWS which express many buyers disappointment in the horrible reinvention Hasbro tried to foist on an unsuspecting public . It represents a shallow , narcissistic , vain image , with emphasis on money , popularity , rumor , gossip , and tabloid sensationalism . The characters are egotistical socialites , with no redeemable qualities , stereotyping women as starlets and social butterflies , the men as celebrities and club hoppers , stressing the importance of material possessions , and social networking over deductive reasoning . It 's also unnecessarily complicated , includes baffling rules that allow for elimination of players well before the game is over . Unlike the traditional edition which is set in a different time , using farcical stereotypes of a bygone era , this reinvention places the action square inline with today 's pop-culture and social mores , the line between acceptable behavior and pretend in a family game may be unacceptably blurred for younger players , and at a minimum tedious for adults.The MOST HELPFUL REVIEW which comes up first for the game they will sell you on this listing , is for the TRADITIONAL version of Clue , beloved by millions worldwide and remained unchanged for over 60 years . It is by no means written for or endorsing the NEWER version they will ship you.Again , I do n't know what Amazon is doing here , because there are many third party sellers who most likely are selling the correct edition -LRB- the one with the miniature figurines as moving tokens -RRB- who are not able to sell their games because buyers ca n't find it . Amazon is doing a major disservice to their sellers here . Moreover , this should n't happen as each product should have a distinct identification number to prevent this from happening .
 I purchased this version of Clue specifically because of the picture depicting the actual characters in the game . That is the version our family owns and I was purchasing it for my daughter and her husband . We 've all been looking high and low for the version in the picture . HOWEVER , the game we received has the newer pieces which I could have bought anywhere instead of ordering here and paying extra shipping to get it for Christmas . You need to change the picture that misrepresents the product !!!
 The picture shows the classic clue game with statues of each character ... that is what I ordered . I was given the new version of clue ! This is not the one pictured ! So very unhappy ... You should not show the picture of the clue game if that is not the one you are selling and shipping !!
 The product shipped was the new edition of the game , NOT the version pictured for this item . I returned this item for refund .
 I spent nearly forty on this delux version with the small figurines that resemble actual characters . They mistakenly sent me the ten dollar version . I went online to confirm the item and found the delux version . It confirmed that I had already ordered this version but now , the day it arrived , it was ten less . Customer service could not send out the actual product I wanted because they said the same might happen again . So now I am stuck . I would just opt for the cheaper version if interested in this game . Who knows they might send you the delux version .
 When I received the mini version of Simon trickster it did not work .1 . The lights were not very shiny and someone has dropped it or something . Had to throw it in the trash . So a bummer .
 I have this game and it is so bad ! I was 8 years old when I got it , and I wanted my mom to not ask me the questions with the multiple choices ! The multiple choices are so easy ! I remember one ... It was a blue question and it was , `` Which fruit has little hairs on it ? '' Ding ding ding ! You can easily see , without the multiple choices , that the answer is a peach.My mom just came in the room and I told her I was writing this review . She said that this game would be great for a five-year-old . HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! The game box says ages 8 and up ! Very over-aged . So just buy this game for your five-year-old , okay ?
 Parker Brothers decided to update the original version of this game . It is n't even the same game anymore . The new version has the lottery on every Sat. , the old version just had it on the 29th. , they took off the inheritance from long lost aunt , they added an event card that was n't in the original version . Plus they ... made the box smaller , so now the game board folds into 4 's instead of in half . This new game is a ... much more confusing than the original . They should of left it alone .
 This is not a criticism of the ORIGINAL Boggle , a wonderful game that has now been replaced by a `` new , improved '' piece of junk . Nor am I criticizing The Education Station ; they are n't responsible for the picture of the product which Amazon has put up here , and when they realized that they had inadvertently sent me an item that was n't the one I thought I was ordering , they very promptly corrected the mix-up . BUT IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR THE TRADITIONAL , OLDER -LRB- AND MUCH BETTER ! -RRB- VERSION OF BOGGLE THAT IS PICTURED HERE , BE AWARE THAT THIS IS NOT WHAT IS BEING SOLD !! If you like the new version , by all means buy it here ; if not , keep looking . For some reason the older and much better version has become hard to find .
 I was introduced to this game 30 years ago . It 's one of my favorites of all time , but not in the traditional 4x4 grid . 4x4 is too darn boring and repetitious . The only game worth playing is Big Boggle with the 5x5 grid . Luckily we have one of these from many years ago , and I live in terror that it might get lost , or the cubes might vanish . If so I 'll have to give up Boggle forever I guess , as Big Boggle is no longer available anywhere at a reasonable price , and regular 4x4 Boggle is not worth playing.But I ca n't understand why Big Boggle is no longer marketed . It 's the best ever . It seems you can buy it in the UK , but they wo n't ship it to the US . Are Americans considered too stupid ?
 This is hard to rate . It is certainly , by viture of its speed , better than the physical board game . Ufortunatly the weakness of its dictionary is so bad that is is hardly worth having . The dictionary is limited in absolute terms but more disturbingly , it seems to carry an aswful ethnic/cultural bias . As the ommisions to the included dictionary can certainly not be laid at the foot of the dictinary they claim to use , the ommsions of things like tao , odin , leo , etc , seem to indicate a degree of editing that goes far beyond censoring naughty words . I wo n't even go into the odd selection of worlds of foreing origen that are accepted vs those that are n't or proper names etc.As a parent , this is one of the few games that I have had to spend more time explainging to the kids that they are smarter than the writers than any other.As bas as this is , the worst part comes when you try to exit and the game insists upon showing you game credits before returning comtrole of your computer to you . When I first whent to shut this game down , -LRB- disgusted that it did n't recognized tao , a religion held by hundereds of millions of people , as a word -RRB- the computer then becgan to show a list of credits I could not figure out how to turn off . Perhaps I am not technogolically sophisticated enought , but this latter fact is the reason that I will never willing buy another of hasbros products .
 The millenium version of Trivial Pursuit falls short of the other versions , in structure and content .1 . There is only ONE small plastic card holder -LRB- it holds about 30 cards at a time -RRB- instead of two full boxes that can be held by different teams .2 . The extra cards are loose in the box , which means that there is a greater chance of them being lost or torn .3 . The game pieces are translucent , and it is very difficult to tell which color is which .4 . There are very few questions out of the 20th century , let alone the millenium ... most of the questions are centered around the last 2 decades.This version is easier for the whole family to play . The actual questions are easier for younger players ... I am 23 , and I used to stay away from entertainment questions , but now it could be considered my strongest category . Even my 13 year old cousin had a chance at answering more questions ... but the whole family agreed that the older Genus verion was better engineered and more challenging -LRB- and therefore more fun -RRB- .
 As a major fan of trivial pursuit , I was very much looking forward to the millennium edition . We played it the first night we received it and it was very disappointing . We have Genus IV edition , and there were many questions that were copied word for word from that edition . The questions were much easier than past editions and certainly did not cover the whole millennium . That 's just the questions . The card box is entirely too small , not to mention ugly . Also , when you have to pass it from person to person , you can glimpse the answers on the picture cards . I would not recommend this game to any trivia buffs , as the earlier editions offer the same questions in a better package .
 Do n't fall for the marketing hype or the attractive pie shapedtin . This edition is fair at best . The sports catagory is awful , elvisquestions too plentiful and the history only goes back to WWII ! I love to play trivail pursuit , but was greatly disappointed with the questions . Many are very vague and had repetitive subjects . The card holder is too small and awkward for the cards . The transparent pieces caused several near fights because the colors were had to discern . I do not recommend this edition . . for the misleading marketing and poor design of this Millennium Mess !
 No need to be smart to play . All you got to do is be a couch potato . Needs more questions that make u think .
 The questions were way too hard . The history and science questions were the only ones even half interesting . The other questions were next to impossible unless you are a television fanatic and can remember everything that happened in teh last millenium
 Nifty packaging , but disappointing . Questions from the past 1000 years ? Forget it . Mostly dumbed down media questions -- do you really care about Pamela Anderson 's biography ? Looks like those of us who loved the original and played it until we knew the questions by heart will have to give up TP . Would be nice if somebody came up with another edition that requires 1/2 a brain . Do n't waste your $ $ $ on this turkey .
 Well , I 'm glad this was a gift and I did n't pay the $ for it . The first thing you 'll notice when you open the strange tin case is a lack of cards . You get about 1/2 to 2/3 of the cards you did with another Genus . You are somehow supposed to use a small plastic card holder -LRB- holds about 40 cards -RRB- to play the game - everybody shares , and no boxes . The cards are paper thin , and not even uniformly cut . My set has many differently-sized cards . And on top of that , a great many of the questions are repeats . That 's fine if you 've never played another Genus , but I bet most people have . Be prepared to hear many of your old favorites again . The gimmick that astounds me is the `` picture '' cards . The back of the card is a picture , say , of a flag . The front of the card will have 6 questions and answers about flags . Somehow the picture is supposed to make things more fun . It is the most ridiculous thing I 've run across in months . Besides , the pictures are upside-down to the respondent while the questioner reads the question . The board is also paper-thin , and has a bleached-out appearance that makes the colors very hard to distinguish . Put high-wattage bulbs in your lights if you are playing indoors . The translucent pieces are also very hard to distinguish - especially the ` orange ' and ` yellow ' . ...
 The average intellect will not know the answers to 90 % of these absurd questions . There is more t.v. and music trivia than educational trivia . Do n't waste your hard earned money on this box of trash !
 Unfortunately , this is my first edition of trivial pursuit . I 'm a 20-something honors college student ... and I found this very difficult . Not only were the questions incredibly difficult , but it is absolutely inappropriate for children or teenagers ! There are numerous questions and answers you would cover your children 's ears for ... I think the age range should start at 18 . Or 50 , because without a degree or life experience in world history back to at least the 1800s , any normal person would n't be able to answer more than 5 % of these questions !
 I got this as a gift too , so I 'm glad I did n't spend money for this . This game 's questions are for those that are NOT trivial buffs . Most of these questions were more like general knowledge , for those who do n't normally play trivial pursuit . Those geniuses would probably get bored with this version . The pie colors are hard to distinguish .
 For this price I could almost buy two whole monopoly games at my local walmart . I love that you can buy extra sets of the money for the game , but the price here is just way too high . Just my two cents .
 There 's no reason why this should cost over $ 20 . Hasbro.com offers a `` Monopoly Refill '' with money , title deeds , and replacement Chance/Community Chest cards for $ 7.99 .
 i received two $ 1.00 packets of monopoly money for $ 40.00 I had thought that I would receive many packets . I returned it and got my money back
 Two adults and 2 children played with this game . It was very slow moving and the younger child , age 6 , quickly became bored with it . Frankly , I became bored with it . We decided we would change the game to quicken the pace if we played it again . All in all , a disappointment .
 Santa had brought this game for the family . My son opened this up over the weekend to play with the family and the playing pieces where not included . Had to try and explain even Santa makes mistakes.The game Sorry itself is a great family - educational game to play .
 All I remember about this game is getting into fights with my brother when one of us would taunt they other with `` sorry '' -LRB- ... -RRB- when we sent a piece back to the home square . This game taught revenge and frustration . you work so hard to try to get out of the starter box , only to be sent back in by a smart-aleck younger sibling . I hated this game , and would not inflict this kind of trauma on my young ` uns .
 THIS GAME IS JUST BORING AND NOT FAIR . WHY IS IT FAIR TO HAVE TO START OVER JUST BECAUSE YOU GET BUMPED BY SOMEONE . THIS GAME REALLY FRUSTRATES ME MORE THAN ANYTHING !
 The game build quality is poor . You have to spend 30 minutes punching out the cards and holders , inserting the cards into the holders , then putting the holders into the boards . Then the card holders will constantly come out of the boards , and the cards comes out of the holders.The game is also not that challenging for all but the youngest players since the character traits are not that varied .
 When I saw other people playing with it , I thought it was going to be tons of fun . but then when I bought it it stunk . I played it for one or two days with my brother but afterwords it 's gathering dust in my closet along with Connect Four , Battleship and stuff like that . Do n't get hypnotized by this toy !!! DO N'T BUY IT !!!
 I remember playing this game as a child and wanted to share the fun with my children . Unfortunately , we could n't even play it because of how poorly constructed it is . First , it comes in a million pieces - I 'm not complaining about putting it together , it was kind of fun to do it with my family . However , after putting it together , it did not even work ! =-LRB- The parts that flip up and down -LRB- with the faces on them -RRB- do not stay up . In addition , the `` hinges '' do n't stay together very well and that makes it difficult to flip them up and down.I would buy a different version of this game next time ... one that has some quality construction .
 This game needs assembled nearly every time we play . All the cards fall out , the windows fall off ... annoying.After playing 5 times or so ... the questions are repeated , and the fun is gone . The images are somewhat naive and unbalanced . So you run out of interesting questions .
 My 6yr old played an older version at a relative 's house and was excited to use his allowance to buy one of his own . Sadly , it was a waste . The cards constantly fell out of place , making game play difficult . Also the plastic pieces broke because my children -LRB- who are in NO way destructive -RRB- continuously replaced the cards . After about 2 rounds they asked to put it in the donation box for the Salvation Army . If any good came of it , it was the discussion I had with them about only giving away nice things , not junk , to charity . The game went in the trash ... where it belongs ! And they wrote a long letter to the manufacturer . We were mailed coupons to buy more crappy games . Thanks guys !
 First of all let me say I love and have always loved playing Milton Bradley games -LRB- as an adult , and as a child -RRB- , so with that said , here 's the purpose of this review . As a mother of two children I 'm always trying to find new and old ways to entertain them , and now that my oldest is at the age to play board games I went and bought the classic `` Guess Who '' . I ca n't express how disgusted I am at how cheap and so very time consuming this new and cheaper to manufacture game is . It takes more time to `` fix '' the game pieces every time the box is opened then it does to play the actual game , and as a consumer I would rather pay a few dollars more to have a better quality product -LRB- the kind of product I grew up knowing -RRB- . Not everything has to change over time , and it 's sad that this fine company as done just that !
 This is a really great simple game idea ideal for the little ones - my 4 and 6 year old are great fans.Only problem is that the game is so terribly made that less than 3 weeks after getting it I 'm ready to throw it at the wall from frustration . It took about half an hour to pop all the little plastic and cardboard bits into place , which would n't be a problem except that the darn things fall off and the cardboard bits fall out constantly - breathing on this thing wrong is enough to mess it up and require a parent to have to come in and fix it . Had it not been for how cheaply made this game is , I would be heartily recommending it . Shame really , because as a concept it 's a really simple and very good idea .
 Note the pictures below which show the doors lifting UP and the individual card for the mystery person -- then note the box cover shows doors opening sideways & a slide card above -- so what am I purchasing -- I chose the box that showed the old-fashioned product -LRB- doors opening up -RRB- and individual cards -- how do I know what is in the box ????
 My kids -LRB- ages 9 and 7 -RRB- were excited to play this game after receiving it for Christmas . After at least a half hour of initial set up -LRB- punching out and assembling pieces -RRB- , they played the game twice . The yellow flip pieces would fall out of their slots and the flimsy cardboard face inserts fell all over the place . I threw all the pieces back in the box and placed it on a high shelf where it will stay until I throw it out . What a waste . This game would be enjoyable and fun if it did n't fall apart .
 After paying $ 16 for this game , I was very surprised that Hasbro requires their customers to complete the game construction that Hasbro chose to skip at the factory . What 's the $ 16 dollars for ? The box contains maybe $ 1 in flimsy materials . While my eager children waited , it took over an hour for me to assemble the game . Even then , the face cards continued to slide out of the ill-fitted slots .
 This game only has white people 's faces . There are no people of other races . Look for the spanish version at least there are black people , but only a few . The older versions of this game had also but I do n't know why they changed the new versions . So look for the spanish version over the web .
 This is poorly designed . It is very diffiult to get the cards in the holders and then cards fall out of the holders repeatedly . There are only 4 or 5 female faces so picking a female is too easy and takes only a few turns to guess . The instructions are vague with 4 holders having plastic that needs to be popped out of center to use properly . The idea of the game is great . The execution is terrible for the above reasons . There are no replacement cards with other subjects so I can expect this game will become relatively useless as the children learn the characteristics of the men ; the women , as I said , are easy to identify since there are so few of them . If any thing this game should come with other sets of card with different subjects to widen the use of the game by varying the subjects which you guess , but this is almost impossible to do on your own by printing from the manufacturer website as the pictures must be printed on cardboard to be stiff enough to insert into the card holders . . so what is the purchaser to do ? I guess you buy this , spending money on a game that should be useful for a long period of time , knowing that it will not be , and it is hard to believe that this game has not been panned for the above reasons long before my purchase .
 I was so disappointed . I had this game for my children when they were young and they loved it . I purchased it for my grandson and when we opened it it was cardboard and plastic that you had to take apart and put together and it kept falling apart . Playing the game was no fun because the cardboard pieces of faces kept falling out of the holders and the holders did n't flip down or up all the way . It because such a trial for a 6 year old we just put it away . It was a waste of money . And of course there is no way to know before you get it and look at it .
 I got this game for my daughter for Christmas and put it together tonight . It is VERY cheaply made . The pieces that you `` flip up and down '' will not stay on , they 're constantly falling off and having to fix them every ten seconds takes the fun out of the game . The concept itself is fun and great for kids , but it 's sad how greedy manufacturers are these days , it could be made much better .
 I do not recommend this game and can not understand the 4.5 star average rating . Yes , my kids enjoy it . However , it is so poorly put together that its just really , really annoying to play . The plastic pieces routinely fall over , or come off entirely . The person pictures come out quite easily unless you tape them in place , and if you tape them they may not flip properly . It takes maybe 30-60 seconds of `` set up '' time to play a 2-4 minute game . While this isnt the end of the world , I personally find it quite annoying.Here is how the game works
 This is a great game . I remember playing it as a kid with another child who spoke French . Lots of fun , easy to play , not determined by chance , teaches children how to group into categories and narrow down choices - wonderful.Unfortunately , the new edition is very shoddily designed . The cards are flimsy , and they fall right out of their holders when they 're flipped -LRB- or sometimes when they 're * not * flipped -RRB- . Ultimately , the game is almost totally unplayable!This is very disappointing to all of us . I 'm going to go see if I can find a vintage copy of this game , and I 'll be contacting the manufacturer about this as well ... though if I have an experience similar to that of a previous poster , I 'll probably get brushed off .
 I had this game as a child . Yes I found it odd that there were far more men than women , but I do n't remember it being a horrid thing nor do I remember thinking `` oh , women must not be as valuable '' . I think that 's taking it a bit far , it 's just a game with cartoon faces . I liked the silly beards , hats , faces etc. . When we were a bit older 7 + or so we banned the gender question all together because it made the game last longer and we had to ask more specific questions , such as `` does your person have long eyelashes ? '' or `` does your person have rosey cheeks ? '' . It was a fun game , one I remember very fondly , so of course I was excited to see this on the shelf at my local toy store . I purchased the latest version of Guess Who ? for my kids . I was extremely disappointed with the quality of this game . Flimsy paper pictures of the characters , cheap plastic tiles for the game board , the game board itself where all the small plastic tile with pictures go was crappy low quality plastic . The plastic tile pieces just snap on , but do NOT stay on . They pop off constantly in the middle of the game , which screws up the game if you try and put it on then three other faces fall or pop off in the process , OR they go on crooked . even when you flip the tiles down there is an issue . The row in front is too close to the row behind so when you flip a tile down from the back rows they land on or get stuck on the row in front of them ... meaning you have to move the front tile up so the back tile will go down . That causes , of course , the tiles in front to pop off sometimes.I do n't know why or when they changed the style of this game but it 's a complete RIP OFF . The game I played as a child was well made with a thick plastic base , and tiles that were hooked WELL into the base , the tiles never bumped each other as you flipped them down , and the pictures rested securely and flat inside each tile , not bowed out and folded -LRB- after much use -RRB- in the tiles.This game is SUCH a waste of money . I will now begin what I 'm sure is a long search for an original game from 1989-1995 through collectors , eBay and other places where I might find an original . I 'm so disgusted that this is the way things have gone w/toys and games these days . Cheap materials , crappy workmanship , POOR execution in design and a jacked up price-tag !
 This would be a great game if it were n't made out of flimsy plastic . It is a pain in the neck to assemble and it constantly falls apart . The little flip-up doors do n't stay hinged properly and if you do n't get the little pictures inserted just-so , they fall out also . We 've played it 3 times and I 'm ready to throw it away . Shame on Milton Bradley for selling such a poor quality game .
 This newer version is cheaply made . The plastic frames easily bend , do n't lay down or flip up right . The face cards slip out . The older version is much more durable . The idea of the game itself is wonderful . But this version is a waste .
 I remember this game from my own childhood and was pleased to have it sent as a present for my own daughter for Christmas UNTIL we opened it and tried to put it together - VERY FIDDLY , took over an hour with poorly made cardboard and plastic pieces . By the time it was constructed I never wanted to look at the darn thing again . Give it 1 star because of this terrible construction . You 'd think they could do better
 An old favorite of mine as a child , I bought this for my 4 yr-old a few months ago hoping he would enjoy it as much as my sister and I had . Right from the beginning , it was n't exactly as I remembered.The original style of the game came with the boards already put together but the ones in this set you have to put together yourself . All the windows have to be separated from plastic and then the cards have to be inserted , which takes some time . That alone would n't be a problem , except the cards are flimsy and kept popping out of the tiles as I was trying to put them in because the tiles are curved and you have to bend the card through and under little plastic bars otherwise they fall out all the time . The original one had flat tiles , which would be a great improvement to make to this game.The plastic is also VERY cheap ; some of the tiny pegs that connect the tiles to the boards bent or broke during the very first game , meaning the tiles no longer go all the way down without popping out or wo n't stay up at all . We kept having to stop after nearly every turn to sort the tiles and boards out which was a real shame
 This idea of this toy is GREAT ! It is very educational . Teaches kids to think and form questions , stratigies . I had this toy growing up and we loved it and it was durable . My daughter got it for her 7th birthday last week and I already took it back because it is made so cheaply now . It does not stay together . A few of the piece 's moldings were not straight so you ca n't get the pieces to stay on the main board . WHen you go to flip up all the characters usually at least 3 fall off the main board . Very frustrating .
 I bought this game at a yard sale -LRB- ... -RRB- . I was not worth it . The cards all look the same -LRB- Pooh bear with a fishing pole , Pooh with a golf club , ect -RRB- . It is very hard to tell the cards apart . I would skip this one and buy another memory game .
 Unfortunately , the cards are n't as durable as the memory games of old . And holy man , there are a ton of cards ! I 'm sure that is great with smaller kids , but once they get mixed up , try to sort out a few for your young toddler just learning matching!The problem I found was that it has too many cards for smaller children , and bigger kids are n't as interested . So this one will be put on the shelf for a while , hopefully wo n't spill , and will be taken out at just the right moment to hold my daughter 's interest -LRB- Yeah right ??? -RRB-
 This is n't a game as much as a box of picture cards . There are way too many of them to play a match game with younger children and the picture are too small and many are too similar . I had this game through three children and all we did was sort picture cards by character .
 I bought this game for my 3 year old son , and it is so hard !! My husband and I tried playing it with him , and it was difficult even for us . Many of the cards have the same characters , so it is hard to remember , `` Was that Tigger on a pogo stick , or Tigger on a swing ? '' ... . I do n't have the orignal Memory Game , but am considering buying it instead .
 This game is less than thrilling , much less than thrilling for my granddaughter who usually loves memory games . The pieces are small with pictures that are hard to distinguish one from another and it is made out of cardboard . At half the price , you would get what you paid for . Give this toy a miss !
 I just purchased it for my 3 year old granddaughter for Christmas . My kids played with it 30 years ago and loved it ! I am so disappointed to read these negative reviews on it now . PLEASE ... someone say something good about it !!! I hate thinking that I wasted my $ $ $ !!!
 We had this game for my four year old she could not get the ant in the pants . I found it close to impossible also .
 I bought this game for my 4-year-old nephew . My sis ter and I had this game when we were little , so I figured that my nephew would enjoy it , too.Things sure have changed ! That carboard dog thing that goes in the pants made it almost impossible to get the ants to go in the pants , so I ditched that . The ants are also not very `` flippable '' . The overall quality of the game was much better 20 years ago ! : -RRB- All in all , a waste of money and I do not suggest it .
 We got this game for my son for Christmas . He 'll be 6 in January . He has great difficulties getting the ants in the dog 's pants . To be honest , I do too . I think he 's played with it about 3 - 5 times within this past year . We used to love this game when we were kids ! I think the cheap cardboard conastruction of the dog and cheap plastic contruction of theants fosters these difficulties . Now it sits on top of his closaet shelf . Frustration keeps him from wanting to play . How times have changed .
 We bought this for our daughter when she was younger . It was too frustrating . The ants are not made like they once were and it is near impossible to get them into the pants . We would cheat for her and pretend they went in after a long while of trying . Even we could not get them in . Plus the material is so cheesy that they break very easily . Save your money and buy a better game instead .
 I bought this game for a 41/2 year old and 31/2 year old triplets . They were so excited to play it . Unfortunately that excitement quickly turned into frusteration , screaming and crying . Even my very patient and persistent 4 year old could n't get these ants to jump right . I myself have tried to figure out the ` trick ' to it so I could teach them but have had little luck.They have n't wanted to play it again and when I suggest it they refuse . Today we tried it a different way , we put the pants in the middle of a hula hoop and have the kids stand around the outside and try to toss the ants in . They enjoyed this much more as it was something they were able to do .
 Really , I think these reviews sometimes are just a matterof taste or opinion . We did not enjoy this game , but other families may enjoy it.If I were to give it an age range it would probably be 4-7 years .
 My 3-year-old daughter could n't wait to rip this game out of the box and play . Unfortunately , flicking the ants into the pants was a lot harder than it looked . After 30 minutes we were frustrated by trying and gave up . Later that night , my dad came over and gave it a try . This is a guy who shoots skeet in his spare time - he should know a little bit about aim and trajectory - but after 15 minutes , Grandpa gave up too.We finally had a little bit of success when we threw away the cardboard dog that goes into the pants and just started chucking -LRB- not flicking -RRB- the ants at the empty pants . But , even with that , it 's a still a game we rarely play.I 'd suggest skipping this one and purchasing the much more fun , much less frustratingDo n't Break the Iceby the same company .
 The premise of the game is easy to understand , but it 's almost impossible to make the ants ` hop ! ' Not only was my preschooler very frustrated -LRB- and eventually mad/upset -RRB- , I could n't really get it to work for me either ! There is no real educational value to the toy either -LRB- that I can see -RRB- , so I would save your money and go for another buy .
 This product is advertised as the Monopoly Junior edition where players buy properties at an amusement part , but the vendor shipped a different product
 ... but I just ca n't get excited by this game.I learned how to play `` Monopoly '' at the age of 5 . My eldest son learned how to play at 8 . My kids enjoy the real game . They do n't enjoy the `` kids '' version.Kids are brighter than most adults give them credit for . The original game is a wonderful teaching tool on a number of levels . I do n't see the point in `` dumbing down '' when it is not necessary.Parents , teach your children how to play the REAL GAME . Then , there can be some valuable family time . The adults will too quickly get bored with this version -- and frankly , so will the kids.Don ' t waste your time or money .
 This is a toy we have wanted for a very long time . Last Christmas we finally got it . Then , we played it for the first time . We noticed the board was small , no jail , very little money . When you bought the land it is much cheaper than regular monopoly . What happened to free parking ? Do yourself a favor and purchase regular monopoly . You ' ll be sorry if you buy the j.r. edition
 This parent is of the opinion that `` dumbing down '' is not what children need . Rather , children need to be `` stretched '' beyond what they ` think ' that they can do , play , or accomplish . With this in mind , get the regular Monopoly set for your kids . Teach them how to play -- and play with them . They will actually learn a game of strategy -- rather than a completely luck-determined `` junior '' version.Your kids will appreciate the quality time -- and , over time , will appreciate the fact that they learned -- at an early age -- how to play one of the greatest board games of all time .
 We bought this for our son for Christmas . It is a total piece of junk . It does not work well-spills the beans with only one bean on it , plastic is very poorly made and thin . Not worth the money at all . Very disappointing .
 The components are flimsy and the gameplay is almost non-existent . It 's barely an activity , much less a game . Pretty much my girls like twirling the pot in its cradle and spreading the beans across the floor . Even the smallest of children find playing the actual game to be pointless .
 Milton Bradly makes some of our favorite family games , but this is not one of them . It 's cheap plastic , with poor fit and finish . We ca n't get our bean pot to balance evenly , so it starts to tip even before we put the beans on .
 My almost 4 year old grandson tolerated his encounter with this game for two turns and then declared that it was boring . He figured out pretty quickly that if you put one too many beans on the top of the pot , it will tip and the beans will fall . He said `` this is boring '' ; we played `` Go Fish '' instead . Was n't worth the money or time invested to put the stickers on the game pieces , and to tell him how to play . It was over in a flash . He enjoyed `` Go Fish '' much more .
 If you like tons of tiny pieces to clean up ... And tons of choking hazards this is the game for you.Pros : Idea is neat , balancing beans until the bowl tips over.Cons : Around 60 tiny plastic beans to clean up.Surface of the bowl has very little traction so beans slide and tip off very quickly.The game is too hard for children under 8 , and not interesting for children over 8 . Suggestion : Buy `` Do n't Break the Ice '' instead ... Kids love it and it is made by the same company and runs the same price .
 I bought this game for my 3 year old son thinking it would be easy enough for him to play and , therefore , fun . It 's easy , alright , but fun it is not ! My son gets bored with the game after a couple rounds and rarely asks to play it . I would n't recommend it .
 The problem with this game is that it tips over after only a few beans are placed in the bucket . The center of balance is too high , so as a result , the players never get far into the game . We got rid of it after a day .
 Who the hell would let a 3 y.o. play with this toy , with so many small and life-like plastic peas ? Particularly , the round and smooth shape make the peas easy to be stuck into the kid 's nose and/or swallowed . There is a lawsuit waiting to happen .
 We really , really do not like this game . It is boring and does n't work very well . The beans slide off the top with very little tilt and once it does tilt , it stays there . The only redeeming quality is that you can use it for counting . ...
 This is definitely not the same game I remember playing as a kid . This version is cheaply made junk . The bean pot is made of two thin plastic halves that snap together . It 's supported by `` hands '' that are even flimsier and make the pot tilt in one direction before you even put any beans on it . Even if you try to load up the opposite side of the pot to balance it , it stays tilted and the beans all end up sliding down to that side and off the pot . My 4-year-old daughter and I tried playing it several times until we both got frustrated with it . Now it just sits boxed up in a corner of her playroom , because whenever I ask my daughter if she wants to play it she says `` No , it 's no fun '' .
 I had the original Memory game . This is n't it . The play of the game is the same , but mine had really cool pictures . This has silly cartoon pictures . It 's not as nice .
 The mechanism that holds `` Daddy '' in bed and then releases him is a tiny , flimsy tab of plastic . It is so shoddy that after ONE EVENING of playing the game it was worn beyond repair . That works out to about $ 5.00 per hour of use . What a rip-off !
 I wish I had read so many of the reviews before buying this `` game '' . Yes , it lasted us about one game too before Daddy 's tab broke and now , he wo n't stay down . But we did enjoy it for all of 10 minutes , thank you .
 If it works and you have the right attitude , this can be a fun game for young kids . I love to pretend that I 'm a kid and I WANT to wake Daddy up so he 'll feed me . -LRB- `` Wake up , Daddy . I 'm hungry , Daddy , '' I say , as I push the button . -RRB- The kids laugh like crazy when I do this.However , buying this game over the internet or even in a store could turn out to be a major hassle for you . We had a game for a long time , but Daddy began to wake up after every single push of the button . I went and bought a new game at Toys R Us and , with that one , the button was n't catching , so Daddy would never wake up . I took it back and exchanged it , and the same thing happened with this third game . The manufacturing of the spring inside Daddy or the `` catching '' mechanism is very faulty . I am taking this third one back and not bothering to try again . I 've given up on Do n't Wake Daddy .
 This game would be FANTASTIC if the mechanism worked . The first time out of the box we and our two boys -LRB- 2 and 4 years -RRB- enjoyed it immensely though we thought it was strange that the Daddy never popped up . So we pushed the button around 500 times and he NEVER popped up . Okay , faulty game , back to the store . The second Do n't Wake Daddy we brought home worked three times in a row , so we decided `` Hooray ! '' and proceeded to assemble the rest of the game . Well , that was the only 3 times he worked . We never got him to pop up again . It 's such a great idea , the way the board game part of it is played ... but the manufacturer has some serious quality control problems . I give it one star because 2 out of 2 games tried failed to work . -LRB- I also gave it 4 stars for the potential for fun . Milton Bradley should really fix this game and make it work right ! -RRB-
 I thought this was the cutest game when my 6 year old son suggested we get it for my 3 year old daughter . The concept is really cute and it 's easy to play . The problem we ran into was totally unexpected . My daughter was TERRIFIED of the game ! She was so excited to play until the first time the dad popped out of bed . She got scared and started crying and did n't want to play anymore . We put it away for about 6 months thinking maybe she was still too young . When we pulled it out again , she wanted to play but she would n't let anyone push the button on Dad 's bed until she was watching from out of the room . We ended up giving the game away . This is a really cute game as long as your child is n't easily startled .
 This toy lasted all of one game . The ` Daddy ' wo n't stay down . Also , the toy is too big and the box lid wo n't stay in place . This is too bad because the game is very cute and fun for everyone . My kids were real disappointed .
 We played this game a few times -LRB- less than 5 -RRB- before Daddy stopped working . The game is poorly made out of flimsy plastic pieces which do n't fit together well . Once you DO assemble the game -LRB- which is no easy task -RRB- , you 'll need to DIS-ASSEMBLE it if you want to put it back into its box -LRB- otherwise Daddy 's headboard is too tall and the box wo n't close -RRB- . A TOTAL waste of money .
 This game was really fun for the kids for the five minutes it lasted . Technical problems with Daddy and the latch that holds him down ... very frustrating for my 3 year old who really wanted to play more than twice ... I might return it but I certainly will pick something else ... disappointed , thumbs down !
 I hate this game . Okay , I know it 's made for little kids , but this game is dull beyond dull , . The `` daddy '' is very cheaply made . Ours quickly became hair-trigger sensitive , and now always pops up after only 1 or 2 pushes on the button . Since `` daddy '' get 's awoken on almost every single turn , and since every time he wakes , the player who 's turn it is has to go back to start , you can imagine how long this game can take to finish ! My daughter asked for this game for Christmas , but every time she asks to play , I wish this particular gift had fallen off of Santa 's sled . I wish we 'd gotten her Perfection instead .
 Shame on you Amazon for taking advantage of people !! Really ? $ 59.99 for Do n't Wake Daddy !!! YOU JUST LOST A CUSTOMER !! I will NEVER shop on your website again !!!
 Well , since one of the little plastic tabs -LRB- that holds `` Daddy '' down in his bed -RRB- broke off while my wife was 1st assembling this game , I really have no idea if it would 've been fun to play or not . I 'm planning to return this game to my local Toy 's R Us . If I 'm able to get a refund or at least a store credit , you can bet I wo n't be buying this one again ... Stay away from this CHEAPLY made game ... . PeriodI paid $ 9.99 for it here on Amazon for one of my Kid 's Christmas presents , but we never played it once ... . I 'd been better off buying a bag of rocks . At least the Kid 's could 've throwed them at something for 5 mins . which was longer than they got to play with this sorry game ... Merry Christmas everyone !!!
 Usually available from Toys R Us for shipping within 24 hours could be slightly misleading . If you are ordering for this or other items to be shipped to your Nephew across the country -LRB- even if you order a month ahead of time as I did -RRB- . Do n't count on him getting a present from you this year .
 First of all . . After I purchased the product I found it for less than half of what I paid for it on Amazon . Secondly , there was no return information inside the box.Third and most importantly , on Christmas Eve when I gave it to my 3 year old grandson and we all got on the floor to play with it ... It didnt work
 we received the package in good time , but did not check the contents . The game was described as collectible excellent condition but the cards were destroyed and the game board was for &#34; candyland &#34; !
 The object of the game is to build a cootie -- body , head , legs , eyes , etc. . A person must first roll a one to get a body , then a two to get a head , then other numbers to get other parts . This afternoon it took FOREVER for my 5 year old to roll a one , then a two . -LRB- She would n't play any other way except by the rules , and those are the rules -RRB- . My 3 year old could n't concentrate long enough to get enough parts to build a cootie , although he did pretty well . We finally stopped and just built cooties . The parts do n't fit well . Little kids need help putting in the parts , and the parts fall out too . Not fun .
 I was excited to find this toy for my grandchildren . After I bought it and prepared all the pieces , I was really disappointed . The pieces did n't fit well -LRB- one head fell off the body , while the noses barely fit in , and the legs were difficult as well . -RRB- Kids today also find it tedious waiting to role for the piece they need . Simply put , the game of my childhood is not the game of my grandchildren 's childhood . I wish they had the old game to play . I 'm going to give it a couple of more shots , and go from there . If by then they are still frustrated , and we ca n't make the pieces fit , then they are going in the trash .
 Teaches patience but that 's about it . Our kids are 4 and 3 , and we were all bored out of our minds waiting for specific numbers on the dice . The parts fell off constantly , too . Many better choices out there . We 'll be returning it !
 My daughter loved building the bugs in this game , but the game itself is cheaply made . I had to toss three of the legs and one body piece because it is so cheaply made that the legs break off in the body . Some of the pieces are also difficult for small fingers -LRB- I have a 4 year old -RRB- to put into the bugs themselves . What dissapointed me most was that cost for replacement parts is equal to or more than just buying a new version of the game altogether . We liked the Cootie game until it broke , and now my opinion is that its just a cheap , worthless game because it does n't hold up very long at all . My daughter is gentile , and does n't have many things break on her , so for this game to break on her -LRB- and I -RRB- in the middle of a game , it was a real downer for Mommy & Daughter game night .
 The version I remembered , probably from the 1980s , was terrific . The pieces fit well and the number of pieces was manageable . This newer version , purchased in December 2010 , is just awful . There are far too many pieces and most are either too tight or too loose . The heads fall off with the slightest touch . The game board is flimsy . I was so disappointed . I had looked forward to using Cootie in physical therapy sessions with children . I 'll probably throw it away .
 I and my 4 year old son have n't found this game to be that much fun , but I 've found it to be of poor quality as parts fit loosely or too tight -LRB- heads may easily fall off the body -RRB- and male attachment parts too easily break off and get left in the holes.Also , `` MADE IN MEXICO WITH DIE MADE IN CHINA '' .
 I always wanted Cootie as a kid , so I bought it for my son after loving `` Do n't Break the Ice . '' As a game , it is unfortunately , too long and drawn out for what it is . If you play it by the game directions , it is too long for a three-year-old , and too boring for an older child -LRB- or adult -RRB- . We 've decided it 's a toy . But unfortunately , as a toy , it is very breakable . The first time my 3-year-old son played with it , he broke many pieces . On the upside , Milton Bradley was great with replacing parts.Furthermore , it is not a good game or a toy for young children , because the pieces are difficult to fit into the holes , and my 3-year-olds have not been able to do so . My little girl who turns five next month could not put the legs in today . And the head keeps falling off the body while you 're holding the cootie . I was thinking today that I should discourage people from making this purchase !
 This game could be easily frustrating to 3-6 yrs old , or even to adults .1 -RRB- The rule of the game
 Usually , when I write a review it 's in praise of a product . This is the first time that I have logged onto my computer , specifically to write a bad review . This afternoon , I sat down to play Cooties with my daughters -LRB- 3 and 5 -RRB- . I remember playing this game when I was a kid and was looking forward to playing it with my girls . They were so excited to play the game and to put all the pieces together . As it turned out , the plastic pieces were of extremely shoddy . None of them fit together properly . Either they were too loose so they did n't stay connected , or they were too tight and broke off when you tried to connect them . So rather than enjoy some quality time together , we all ended up frustrated . I threw the game out before even one Cootie got built .
 Not sure if I just did n't care when I used to play this but it is not what I remembered . I ordered this for my 31/2 year old son , and while he was just as excited as I was , the heads do not stay on the body and it took us FOREVER to roll a one just to get a body and head . And nevermind trying to keep rolling sixes to get all the legs . How do you explain to a 31/2 year old that you just have to pass the die back and forth until one of you rolls a six in order to just get a leg . We just build them and they now live mostly on his Aircraft Carrier :-RRB- , even though they 're headless most of the time . Yes it was a blast from my childhood , but just look at the picture if you need an 80s fix .
 This is an utterly horrible game . Everybody sits around waiting for one specific number to show up on the die , and it 's BORING . Our 4-year-old , who loves games as complicated as Mastermind , did n't last 5 minutes with this stinker .
 Okay , it 's Cootie . Most of us know the game . Fun , right ? Well , it should be , but it is n't . One of our kids received this as a gift about 2 years ago . We did try to play it several times , but it was nothing but frustrating . The little parts were so poorly made that the legs and such did not stay in tightly and kept falling out . This was unbelievably disappointing for the kids . It was really just about unplayable . I had to get rid of it.Maybe we were just unlucky or maybe they 're making this cheaply these days . I do n't know . All I can say is I would n't waste your money finding out . There are plenty of better games out there.Junk !
 In looking for fun games to play with our daughter , Cootie was one of those that we snatched up . Remembering playing it as a kid brings back nostalgic memories and so you just assume that it 's going to live up to those memories . Sadly , Cootie does not . First off , the game can drag on and become ridiculously monotonous once you 've attained all body parts except for those six legs . Rolling sixes can become rare and kids especially can become impatient and bored . Then you have the pesky problem of poor craftsmanship which leads to body parts being difficult to attach -LRB- the legs in particular have a hard time going in their intended slots all the way -RRB- or that have a hard time staying attached -LRB- the heads fall off with the slightest movement -RRB- . My daughter had more fun playing with the individual Cooties than actually playing the game , and she would have had more fun had their heads stayed on while she played with them . Alas , she played this yesterday and she 's already over it.So am I.
 I thought this looked like a cute little game for my 2-year-old . I really do n't like it . It drives me crazy ! In some places it is too hard to fit the pieces in together for kids and other places they just fall out . Plus , sometimes rolling the dice in the order of the instructions is so discouraging to kids because it can take a long time to build their cootie . Would not recommend .
 This toy is just not the same as the original game , not very much fun at all . We gave up on the game and now the kids just create bugs which could be fun if the pieces stayed together .
 Although my kids really liked this game , a bunch of the legs broke almost immediately and when the bug is put together , parts continuously fall off . Not well made at all and ultimately ended up in the trash .
 this `` new '' `` updated '' Cootie STINKS ! it is nothing like the original and this one IS NOT DURABLE . the parts are so cheep and they do not stay in the holes . Go on eBay and find an original ... do n't waste your money on this new version .
 I think the old cooties was much easier to put together . There are to many pieces . Better for older children .
 There are many early board games that are so much better than this one . -LRB- Hi Ho Cherry-O is one of my favorites . -RRB- The object is to roll a die to collect the cootie parts to put one together . You have to get the body first , which means you spend the first several turns waiting for a certain number . Many preschoolers will be bored before they even get started . Also , the legs go in at an awkward angle and my four-year-old is frequently frustrated when he ca n't do it himself and when they fall out again . I 'd have given it one star , but the bugs are cute . You might have some fun playing with them if you do n't actually try to play the game .
 I bought this game for my three kids -LRB- 3 year old twins and a 6 year old -RRB- thinking it would be a great game for them to play together . It could be fun , but the fact that the pieces are constantly falling out makes it incredibly frustrating . When I play with them , I spend all of my time putting their cooties back together because the head , legs , lips , keep falling out of the body . The board fell apart after about two games also . Milton Bradley should be ashamed to be putting out a product that is of such poor quality . In my opinion it is worthless and I certainly would n't recommend buying it . Try finding the classic version on ebay . This is the first time that I 've felt so strongly about a product that I 've bothered to write a review of it .
 Shame on Hasbro . The quality of this game is very bad . Do not buy it as you will be very disappointed . The pieces are either too large to fit in or they are too loose and fall out . This is a company that should go out of business
 I bought this for when my 3 yr old nephew comes to play . I was excited because I remember it from my past . The pieces are so cheap . The heads wont stay on so you are constantly re-attatching them and the legs are impossible for a 3 year old to get on . The ears and eyes are now one piece so you are basically waiting mostly for the number six . Just another kids toy cheapened and ca n't stay together ... . it 's very aggravating !
 We purchased this game for my daughter . She is only 21/2 , but we figured it would be fun to just try and put together the legs , eyes etc. . My husband and I were so disappointed in this game . You just keep rolling for legs basically . The eyes are one unit now . The head kept falling off of the bodies . The lips on mine fell off throughout the entire game . None of us could get the legs into the holes without a huge effort . We knew that our daughter might have difficulty with the game at her age , but we never anticipated the trouble we would have . I would not waste my money on this game . It is n't one we be able to use in the future . The quality is very poor . They took a fun game and made it very frustrating .
 I believe the game is fun but the pieces would not stay together . The head , body , legs , and antennae would keep falling off . This frustrated my children because they had to keep putting the pieces together after they already put them on and so it took the enjoyment out of the game . My children is 3 and 4 years old and my nephew is 6 years old .
 This is pretty much kid vs kid only . Adults can not play along . You can make it into a solo game for one child , but its really more like flash cards for spelling if you do that.The product is basically a set of flash cards for spelling , with some letter cubes for the kids to spell out the words . The rules propose two games , which are basically see if the kids spells the word right , they get to keep the card if they do , first kid with 5 cards wins . Adults can pretend to play along if the child is younger and will `` fall for it . '' It really works as a game only if there are two kids the same age playing.I do n't know , but I ca n't see my daughter pulling this out when a friend comes over . Therefore , to the extent this is a set of flash cards for spelling , its kind of expensive for what it is.Don ' t get me wrong , you can definitely make it into a learning tool . Your call .
 It was a waste of $ $ . It 's not a game -- it 's a headache . There is no element of playful competition in it
 My husband & I love to play boggle so we were excited to find boggle jr to share with our kids . We could n't even finish playing one time . This is not a game . You do n't roll the dice or play in any way . This is a `` learning '' activity , but it is n't fun at all . I am very disappointed in this .
 I purchased this game for my 4 yr old , now 5 yrs old and she 's still not excited about the game because you continuously have to turn the blocks over to find the correct letter . I think Parker Brothers need to add additional features like a timer or music .
 This is a nice idea for helping children to become more familiar with the alphabet and words and spelling , but there is one huge drawback . The game uses only capital letters . Children are not typically going to see EGG written , but egg . They wo n't see NEST , but nest . My older two children -LRB- when 4 and 2 -RRB- used to try to match up the dice with the cards on their own -LRB- no rolling , just turning the dice to find the letters -RRB- , and thought it was fun . But , it did n't translate to them recognizing the words in other contexts . It could n't , because the game uses all uppercase letters , whereas in real-life lowercase is used.It also is often difficult to get the letters you need to finish the word , since there are a limited number of dice with lots of letters . You can spend a lot of time just rolling and rolling and rolling , waiting for the right letter to come out . That 's frustrating for little children.Considering the capital letter drawback , the gameplay issue , and that the game is basically heavy-duty cardboard flashcards with several dice , I would pass on this game .
 This is NOT a game . At most , it is a manipulative teaching tool for letters and how , when assembled in a particular order , they form words . We were VERY disappointed . We thought we were buying a game that would provide us with a fun way to incorporate learning of letters and words . All this does is have the child look for the letters that match those in the word on the card . No game , no fun . We used it once . It now collects dust on my shelf . I should have immediately returned it for a refund . Do n't waste your money ! As a homeschooling mom , trust me , it 's a waste .
 This game was not engaging . My son did not find it interesting . He has not asked to play with it again . You push the dice around to match letters on the cards or to spell the words yourself.If you want to have a fun game with more of a challenge and an element of chance , try What 's GNU . It is much better for beginning readers and it actually fun for older kids or adults .
 What an utterly boring game . We love to play games , including educational games , but Boggle Jr. was a huge dud with my 3 and 5 year old kids . Really , this is just flashcards with letter dice -LRB- and the dice do n't even get rolled -RRB- . There 's no game or strategy ... just letter matching . This one went to Goodwill after a few plays .
 My son has played this game exactly once - it is just not a fun or interesting game . He just turned four and ran through all the cards the first time he played it . All you do is match the letters on the dice to the letters on the card . I can see where there is some educational value to the game -LRB- I am a former teacher -RRB- but why bother , when there are so many other more fun ways to learn the same skills . I like the suggestion of the earlier reviewer to just buy a regular Scrabble game to do the same activities .
 This was purchased for our grandson . He is very good at this type of game but was totally frustrated by the set up . We thought `` electronic '' met it relied more on computer skills but it only made things more difficult .
 Sure I loved my 70 's battleship game , but this electronic take on it is utterly useless and horribly designed.First off , there is a major factory flaw
 This is the worts game i have purchased in a lonv time it malfunctions and has no lights or anythi.ng when you hit your ipponent . I returned the game and recieved a refund .
 I CANT GET THIS GAME TO WORK . YOU GET ONE SIDE BATTLE READLY , BUT THE OTHER SIDE CANT ARM ITSELF
 I have to agree with the guy who said that there is very little `` electronic '' about this game . For the money , I was actually expecting the game to sense where your ships are , etc. . This is nothing more than the classic game played by enetering your ship coordinates and missles fired into a mechanism that keeps track and makes a few noises when one is hit . Not easy for the little ones to play . HASBRO YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED PUSHING THIS ... !
 I bought this for my little brother for Christmas , it looked great , and I thought he 'd love it . It did n't quite beat a Nintendo 64 from my parents , but I helped him set it up . It was soooo hard to program and start , we still have n't figured it out -- even with the instructions . It takes too long and too difficult to set up , otherwise it seems to work fairly well .
 The game is relatively easy to use and of reasonable quality the software is faulty on multiple different occasions the software records incorrect hits , or ships and assorted other software failures .
 I would have bought this toy for a convict . Otherwise , its worthless . My children found it borish , lame and no fun at all . I thought it was pointless . I would advise anyone with a few dollars to save their money .
 I sure expected a lot more out of this game based on its price . Essentially the only thing electronic about this is the preprogrammed games and the cheesy , repetitive sound effects . Okay , a little red light flashes if you hit a boat , but so what ? For the money , Hasbro should have
 My son got this for Christmas we 'd only played it a few times and the electronics stopped working which makes the game completely useless . I wish he 'd gotten the one that did n't talk , at least games that do n't talk are n't `` broken '' and unplayable if the electrical component dies .
 I am a big fan of classic battleship -LRB- non-electronic -RRB- but this one was kinda confusing and too complicated . I was frustrated with the computer constantly telling me i was making errors I could never enjoy the game . I had to return this product . . I think they made it too complicated .
 not so fun to play i did n't like it so i would n't have anyone buy it ...
 I used to love Scrabble . That was until my 6-year-old became entranced with it . He plays it all the time . Fired with competitive spirit , he has suddenly learned to spell . So what 's the problem ? He has discovered the Scrabble dictionary and the official rules of the game . Under these rules , players do n't have to know what a word means ; they just have to know it 's in the dictionary . That 's bad enough . What 's really , really awful about this game is that the dictionary contains a number of what it calls `` improper spellings '' of words , such as `` et '' for the past tense of `` to eat . '' It contains a limited number of foreign words , chosen on a purely arbitrary basis , such as `` oblast '' -LRB- Russian for district -RRB- . It permits obscure slang such as `` za '' for `` pizza , '' and strange words never heard in conversation or seen in books , such as `` showerer '' -LRB- one who showers -RRB- . I could go on , but that would put me at the same level as the annoying blockheads responsible for this travesty of the English language . OK , it 's pretty cute to see my child trouncing his family by digging up words like `` rebuy . '' My advice
 The Product description does not say if it works on Windows7 - very important information . I would like to buy it but I need that information first . I have the game on CD for Windows Vista , but it is not compatible with Windows7 .
 Unfortunately , this low cost Scrabble board has no insert to secure the letters so , at the slightest jolt they go all over the place.I would not buy again.R Boyer
 The scrabble board was titled collectors game.However it came with no pieces so I have n't played it yet . I will have to order them separately .
 The colors are wonderful , but these covers require some assembly -LRB- to fit them to the skate size -RRB- and they do not help absorb any moisture left on the skates after use -LRB- any leftover moisture on the skates can contribute to rust formation , which permanenty damages the skate blades -RRB- . If you use a separate cloth to dry the skates , and you assemble these properly , they can be very useful protective covers .
 These guards were time consuming to prepare -LRB- you have to cut them to size -RRB- and they have fallen apart -LRB- the spring pops off now and again -RRB- and the springs are already starting to rust after just a couple of weeks of use . They work and the price is right , but I would recommend the caterpillar style over this one .
 The shipping was awesome on these . I ordered them hoping to get them just before x-mas and they actually arrived 2 days earlier than I expected . They were supposed to be for figure skates but they do not fit around the front of the skates . They stay on only because I had to cut them shorter than the size just to keep enough tension to keep them on . The skates that they are for is a molded skate so that might have something to do with it but they just dont seem to fit around the front properly .
 These consist of two pieces connected with springs . The instructions imply the pieces are long and should be cut to length . However the guards are too short for my size 12 skates leaving a 2 + inch gap where the blades are exposed .
 I bought a pair of these for both my daughter and myself . I did not expect to have to cut through the gel plastic -LRB- 4 times -RRB- to get these to fit my daughter 's skates . Also , wo n't these screws then rust if ice gets on them ? Not what I expected . I recommend finding adjustable covers elsewhere ... these are a `` make them yourself '' model .
 the guards are n't long enough for adult sized skates and after a couple weeks had holes completely through both ends from the heel and toepick of the skates
 These guards were not as I expected and were too hard to put together . They also did not fit the skates properly .
 I bought this for my new skates , I like the color and the looking but It was hard to make them fit my size ten figure skates . they were n't long enough so I had to atach them by making new holes in the extremes of the two pieces . Not very convenient but it worked
 Bought two for my boys - DO NOT FIT YOUTH SKATES - NOT UNIVERSAL !!! NO instructions !!! I guess after wasting half a day I might get it to work , but I am NOT planning on doing that.Contacted seller - WILL NOT RETURN MY SHIPPING CHARGES !!!
 I personally was not happy with the quality of this product . It was too hard to cut to fit it properly on my daughter 's skates size and we do n't need to pull it too hard to make it come apart .
 I ordered two of these guards for my daughters ' skates . They fit the size 8 women 's shoe , but not the size 6 and there did n't seem to be any way to adjust them .
 We bought this toy for a car trip and you had to hold it to your ear to hear it . Not something a 5 year old wants to do a lot of on a 10 hour trip .
 I bought this for my 4-year-old who is now almost five - neither of us are too `` dumb '' , I have a grad degree and she 's starting read - and neither of us can figure this thing out !!! :-RRB- If we get it to play the game she wants , it 's purely by accident . Audio does n't even sound like a real voice - very difficult to understand , video is too small to see very well . I do n't think it 's a game a child could figure out independently until they are 7 or 8 and I get too frustrated with the thing to help her out .
 I was very disappointed with this product . My daughter often finds the devise too hard to operate and the games are too easy.As a result , it did n't hold her interest for very long . She is 4 yrs old and is used to operating video games , computer games , etc. . . but this game is more annoying to try to play than it is fun .
 This game is very hard to use . The voice is almost unintelligible and the directions are vague at best . I returned it to -LSB- the company -RSB- .
 This one is very boring , because the graphics are bad , and they move very slow , and that candy-cane-clown-guy 's voice sounds like he 's saying `` Muh blah to blah doo-too-blah ! `` They should make a sacond version with BETTER graphics , sounds , and an on/off switch , and maybe the kids and parents wo n't get bored as quick as they do when they play this game !
 My 4 year old daughter has no patience for this game nor do I. I find it frustrating and very hard to hear the audio . The screen is very hard to see . I would not recommend this toy for a 4 year old . It is hard to change it back and forth to a different screens . My daughter needs constant help . Not a good independent toy !
 Worst waste of money ! I bought this for my 5-yr-old . The graphics and sound are terrible . It was dropped once on carpet and froze up completely , never to work again . No off switch . She could play the games but found it boring . My 31/2 yr-old son hated it too . I feel like I was ripped off completely .
 I remember getting this for Christmas as a child , and I thought it stunk ! Mr. Mint 's voice was too lame and hard to underetand , and there 's no stupid off switch !!!!!!!! I do n't reccomand this to anybody , except for garbage cans !
 My kids really never play board games , so I only really had to listen to it maybe a dozen times in the two years the kids had it . They tended to have problems getting the fish hooked -LRB- even my husband did -RRB- , and as other people have said , it 's quite loud . We were unloading the truck when we moved , and could hear it through the box across the garage . Jostling the box will turn on the thing , and you ca n't turn it off outside the box -LRB- at least , I 've never been able to get it to shut off without rearranging the contents of the box -RRB- . If they 'd made the song a little slower -LRB- so you did n't hear so many repetitions -RRB- , or a bit quieter , it would have been less annoying . I was lucky that the kids did n't play it too often .
 This item has been discontinued but I managed to find a used one and it is not fun nor interesting . That 's why it was discontinued .
 Our family loves Rook . We could n't find new Rook cards in the store so we ordered online . The quality of the cards is poor and they even seem `` smaller '' than our old deck . Disappointed .
 My wife and I picked this up at the store and were severely disappointed . Just a remake of an already established game . Save yourself some time and money and go look up the rules for Euchre , get a deck of regular playing cards from the junk drawer or dollar store and enjoy the same game for almost nothing .
 The Rook cards I kept buying were almost a waste money ! They have gotten so bad that after a few rounds we were all getting annoyed . I contacted Hasbro several times and even sent them some of their lousy cards back to their office . No change and it 's three years later . I just found a new company online that makes essentially identical cards except they are made of good material . Yup , they are really good . I have several decks of them now . NumberedGameCards.c
 ok good for my children
 I bought this game not long ago and was irritated at the way men are represented on the career cards . On EVERY card , a woman is shown as the competent employee and the man as incompetent . This is NOT what I want to teach my children . -LRB- By the way , I am a woman . -RRB-
 I played this game countless times as a teenager in the 70 's . My two sons -LRB- 8 & 5 -RRB- wanted it and I thought it would be a blast from the past . While some of the changes in the game play itself are fine , I could n't get over the poor quality of the game board itself . The spinner I grew up with was so durable . The new one sucks . It 's virtually impossible to spin it without the whole wheel falling off . That in itself was very disappointing - and really caused a lot of frustration ! Why cut cornes ? Especially when many of the people buying this game , probably played it as a kid !?
 Great game . However , we purchased this new from Amazon and when we opened it and went through the directions , we realized that we were missing all of the College Career cards , and some of the regular Career cards . Hardly what we would expect from ordering a new game . Since we had already gone through the trouble of applying the labels , etc. , it is too much of a hassle to ship it back . Now we have to send money to Hasbro to have them send us an extra card deck . In hindsight , we should have purchased the game at Walmart or Target .
 This game has become legendary in our house as the game that turned Daddy into a monster . My daughter got the game for Christmas and I have to admit I was excited to play this light game that I remembered so well as a child . Life was sort of the anti-Monopoly , not too taxing , fun to play , and could be completed in less than a week . She and I put the board together and I got even more excited , remembering the fun of jamming your car full of pegs , driving the silly car all over the board , and spinning the wheel and hoping it would come loose and wipe out someone else 's car and pegs.Then I realized that the game I loved did n't have any of the parts or spaces I remembered . No insurance certificates . No cool money that looked a lot like the real thing . Instead there were career cards , house cards , pay raise certificates and tiny life cards , as well as loan certificates and more . The poorly written rules had become a complicated mess of choices , alternate paths , and far too much to keep track of compared to the game I had in the 70s and 80s . And the game itself was of a much cheaper quality , with awkwardly made people pegs that were incredibly difficult to slide into the ugly new minivan tokens and a spinner that would n't stay put.Once you read the rules and get over the disappointment , your child will probably still have fun playing this game , but the rule changes have done nothing to make the game more fun or interesting . Overall , it was a tremendous disappointment for the kid in me .
 I had this game when I was a kid , and it was great - The new version is TERRIBLE.My nine year old niece got the game for her birthday . The college option is a sham ; next spin had her `` Engaged '' ; subsequent move , `` Baby Girl '' -LRB- each player had to pay $ 5,000 dollars for a new baby -RRB- . By the end of the game she had 7 children , a -LRB- heavily mortgaged -RRB- mobile home , NO job & had just landed on `` Congrats , You are a Grandparent '' . A TERRIBLE GAME
 This game requires a lot of education before playing it . I read and reread the directions and still got confused . I 'll have to study it .
 Has anyone figured out ... 1 - What if you run out of Bank Loan chits ? 2 - What are those little arrows on some of the spaces for ? 3 - The rules say that in some cases you can get a double salary -- but they do n't say which cases.Monopoly , by contrast , has these questions all sewed up , not a hole or a situation they have n't thought of .
 We thought we were buying a `` Game of Life '' and when we got it it had been shipped in two Trader Joes brown paper bags and tied with string , and the game was a simpsons version , I do not like the simpsons and would not have bought this had I known , plus the game was listed as like new and the box was completely falling apart ... ridiculous .
 First of all , what made the original fun to play , when I was a kid , was imagining being an adult , making all these adult choices , and personalizing whatever mostly random set of experiences the game said we would have.The game just seems cheap and gimmicky now , like some soulless executive said `` make it cost half as much to create , and throw some hooks in to make up for it `` examples :1 . The plastic pieces now fall off the board , we had to fix the spinner several times .2 . The life cards are smaller , give less money -LRB- like 10 or 20k instead of 100 or 200k -RRB- , an ugly yellow colour , and worst of all , do n't say what they are for , we used to always read them at the end and ooh/aah/giggle depending on what the card was for , and how well it would fit the person who got it , but now it 's just a number3 . The people do n't stay in the cars any more , if you pick the car up by the person , they all fall out -LRB- this occurred frequently enough that we nicknamed it `` Godzillaing '' -RRB- ; there are all these cards called `` share the wealth '' like 30 of them , I think there are as much `` share the wealth '' cards as all other cards combined , but between the three of us , we only ever got one of these cards .4 . The new one turned the entire thing into an enormous cartoon , every image is cartoony and cheap feeling . The money does n't look like money , the characters are all childish looking , you ca n't look at the houses and actually care which one you get , because they all look horrible -LRB- okay , the mountain cottage was decent -RRB- .5 . They added roulette to the game -LRB- I kid you not -RRB- , and built this whole thing around `` spin to win '' where your kids can learn to gamble.But it 's not all bad , there were some things I liked about it1 . They got rid of trading your salary , which seemed to always go against me .2 . I liked the job raises you could get , and that the salary is now tied to the job instead of a separate card.Okay , that 's pretty much it . Overall , I felt like I was just lining some corporate goon 's pockets by buying the game .
 I remember having fun with the old version as a kid , and it was a much longer game . The new version is so BORING . You get a career , a house , lose money , get paid , and the game is over . There is almost no educational value . Monopoly has 20 times more interest , strategy and educational value than this dud . Please avoid the shock and do not play this game . DEFINITELY DO NOT PURCHASE !!!
 I played this game with my sisters when I was little and loved it . I bought it recently for my children and can not express how disappointed I am . All the changes are for the worse ! The game is now loaded with extra steps that slow the pace down to a crawl . It was far too complicated for one parent to assist three children and still have a good time . Needless to say , I do n't recommend this game .
 I 'm sorry , but the original version was MUCH more fun . This version has become too childish . Can kids not think any more or what ?? Why are all the games being dumbed down in the new versions ????
 The new version is no fun to play . I bought it because I wanted to share a game that I loved as a child with my son ! I played the banker and was totally fried by the end of the game because of all the things with which you have to do and keeping track of how many pay raise each person had to pay them each time . It was not fun !
 What a waste of money and time . This new , revised `` Game of Life '' is n't the one I remember from childhood.It took about an hour to assemble the board , and another hour to peruse the rules that were almost six pages long . SIX PAGES . Halfway through the game we were still trying to figure out this complicated mess of a `` game . '' So NOT fun . We quit shortly after the halfway point.Planning to donate it ; going to try to find a vintage version . If it was n't broken , why did they try to `` fix '' it ?!?
 If you played this game 15 years ago you remember a different game . I played it all the time with my friends and loved it - so as an adult I bought it . Well they have updated the rules and other things with the times and I can not say that I enjoyed these changes . If your children have never played the older version , then they will probally not feel let down . I miss the game of my childhood ...
 My daughter received Life as a birthday present and I was very excited to play , thinking it would bring back great memories ! Unfortunally they tried to `` improve '' on a classic and totally ruined it . The spinner derails on every spin and my daughter can barely get it to go around once . You have to assemble the board everytime and pray you get the houses in the right spots , instead of it being fixed and ready to play like the GOOD version . The people fall out of the cars and are so microscopic , I 'm sure the vacuum cleaner will find them before I do . There are these strange `` Life '' cards that make no sense whatsoever , debunking the whole purpose of earning any real money . There are no gifts from the other players when you get married or have kids . In fact , there 's no reason now to even have kids ! That was the whole fun of the game , piling in as many as possible into the car ! I will gladly pay more for the `` real '' version . I guess it 's time to go find one at a yard sale or Ebay ...
 Do NOT confuse this new version of LIFE with the old version !!! The old version is a classic -- this new version is a big disappointment . In the new LIFE you do n't get to choose your career or anything . Instead of monetary bonuses throughout the game -LRB- e.g. spinning for gifts when you have a child -RRB- you get these silly `` Life '' cards that you ca n't look at until the end . At the end you get huge amounts of money with each `` Life '' card and it 's possible to win even if you do n't have very much cash in front of you because of those cards . It 's disappointing to play the whole game and then lose because of those cards , which are totally random . It 's like you play the whole game and then spin to see who is the winner . We became very bored with this game very quickly because it 's almost nothing like the old Life game . The old Life game was more true to life . The new game is n't .
 I wish that I had read some of the reviews before I purchased this one . We had this game when I was a kid and it was one of my favorites . However , I did n't realize that they had revised the game.I find the new format frustrating and empty . There is n't as much interaction between players in this one -LRB- others do n't have to give you money when you get married , have children , etc. -RRB- , except for the career spots and those detract from the game - they 're pretty pointless and not true to the real world as we know it.I have to agree with the previous reviewer who found the LIFE cards very annoying . There does n't seem to be any hope for the underdog in this version ; if you do n't happen to pick a good salary , you wo n't win , no matter how many LIFE cards you pick up along the way.I really wish that they had left the game the way it was ! I think we 'll go dig up the old one that my husband 's parents have somewhere . That will be more fun!Bottom Line
 If you have ever played the earlier version of life please do yourself a favor and avoid this `` new '' version like the blak plague . My friends and I used to play the old version every single day up to late hours . Once we learned the new version was out we ran and bought it . WHAT A DISAPOINTMENT !!!! Compared to the old version this one is HORRIBLE . It is n't fun . The new rules -LSB- are not good -RSB- . You can not bet anymore . Money is n't the way it used to be -LRB- what 's with the litte pieces of carton ? -RRB- Maybe if someone at MB reads this they will go back to the basics and bring back what was once a great and fun family game to play . Lucky for us we still have , and play with , our old and much better version of Life .
 I am 24 and have played the original version countless times from the time I was a very small child . The new version has added several new and VERY confusing rules , changed the colors of the money -LRB- Which is only bad if you have the first version memorized -RRB- , added many new parts which will just get lost , and have made it a more mean spirited game . It is now too confusing and boring for younger children -LRB- Under the age of 10-12 -RRB- . I truley wish my mother had not thrown away my first version just because the box was beyond destroyed .
 I used to LOVE `` The Game of Life . '' A friend and I bought this over the summer for her nine year-old son . What a disappointment ! The board is difficult to assemble , the pieces pop out of the slots throughout the game , and the spinner does n't work very well . They also added these strange and meaningless cards basically makes the millionaire spot pointless , and they also changed the stock market . I really hope my dad has n't thrown away my original game , because this one is not what I remembered .
 Maybe I just dislike change , but when I purchased this game , I was very excited , only to be crestfallen when I set it up and played it.The rules and gameplay have been drastically altered , as is the quality and set up . You must set up the board every time you play it , inserting the useless little houses on the board , and setting up the bridges . While they 're okay to look at , if we have to set the game up like that every time , it 's not worth it . Print the whole board if you ca n't box it properly . The gameplay is not as good as the old version , period . I remember playing the previous version and frankly , this one just does n't measure up . I wish they would re-release the previous version !
 Do n't waste your time with the new game of life - if you ever played the game pre-1990s . That was a classic and well planned out fun board game . This new Game of Life is simply a ploy to be politically correct and has taken the fun out of the game . Buy an original game off of Ebay - your much better off !
 This is nothing like the old version . I hate the life cards . You ca n't tell how well you 're doing . There are n't any gifts for getting married or having kids - it 's meaningless . The game just got boring and I love games .
 The `` new version '' is absolute Garbage.Some sort of Politcially correct edition with no revenge cards , no day of reckoning on the end , no Poor Home , No gift giving , no brankruptcy . It may fun for kids , but snakes and ladders may be more netertaining .
 We looked forward to the day when our two daughters were old enough to play the game of life with us -- a game we so much enjoyed as kids . We bought them a current version in 2001 and have been very disappointed . We had no idea that a game that had been great just the way it was had been changed . It is more difficult to play and geared more toward older kids -- probably teens . There are now life tiles which add nothing to the game at all . The players can decide to buy stocks , insurance policies , take out bank loans . Players pick their own careers as well as their salaries and even which home they will buy . Requires strategic financial planning . Also , the money amts . involved get very high making counting work , not fun . In addition , our board folds up and is already falling apart on the folds and we take very good care of our games ! We miss the old Life !! This new version is too complicated for younger kids .
 This games has way to many rules to understand unless you are a professor or someting . They ruined a classic and is very hard to play . The LIFE cards make no sense and the part about being married and having kids is just a spot on the board and as no part in the game . If I were you , I would go to all the garage and antics stores I could find and look for the original . Good luck hunting .
 DO NOT BUY THIS GAME ! I agree with all the people who complained ! This new version is AWFUL ! I hate it on the WII too ! We have played 1 time and will be packing it back to the store tomorrow ! How many times can you lose your job and have to go back to college ? And how many times can you really fall victim to a lawsuit ? We finally had to start making our own rules . Wish I had read the reviews first ! Milton Bradley has lost my business !
 LIFE was one of my favortie games when I was a kid . I got this game for my kids , thinking it would be the same great game . So many parts of the game have changed . It might be that the changes were meant to make it ` more real ' - like losing your job , choosing the family path , etc. . But it is not nearly as fun as the old game . My kids will play both versions , but they like the old one better as well . Thank goodness my parents still had my old one up in the closet !
 I never cared for this game , I always thought it was silly and really did n't offer much in the way of strategy or skill.I ca n't think of anything really good to say about it , but I know it 's been around for some time , so some people must get into it . If you like strategy and logic or word games like I do , you 'll probably want to pass on this one .
 This is not the game of `` Life '' that I remember . Going around the board and randomly collecting money , tiles , etc. . Then , at the end you are either a millionaire or go to the Country Estate . Either one seems like winning . Half of the fun in the old game was to see who ended up in the `` poor house '' . It has some good educational value as far as learning to count money , buy insurance , etc. . But , we do n't really enjoy playing it much .
 I played this `` new '' Life version with my children who range from age 7 - 12 and I was highly disappointed . I guess I remember the old version and I could n't grasp the idea that I had to have a career card and a salary card that someone could swap with me at any given moment during the game . And what is with those Life cards that range from $ 50,000 - $ 200,000 . Get real ! When in life can you move a couple paces and receive that much cash . There were some highlights to the game that I thought were pretty cool , like the night school switch career thing , paying taxes , etc. . I however did not like the fact that you had to get married , had waaaaay too much money , no one hit the poor farm , etc. . I want the old version back ! On a positive note , my kids love this game ! I 'm just spoiled by the old version .
 If you are looking for an educational game for the kids , forget Life . Waste of money . You spin and move , no thinking necessary . Get 's boring fast . Maybe some slight value in counting money but other than that the only choices needed are which route you take when there is a fork in the road . Buy Monopoly instead !
 I purchased this game for Xmas last year . I waited on line for 30 minutes to pay for this game . I heard that they changed it . But when I saw that the box was similar to the older version , I thought they changed it back . It was a ploy to fool us into buying this game.I do n't know what possessed Milton Bradley to change the old game ! I gave this one to a thrift store and purchased an older version off of ebay . It was worth the -LSB- money -RSB- to revisit the classic version . The older version of Life ties with Monopoly for my favorite games .
 I loved this game as a child . When my son got it for Christmas , I looked forward to playing . The first thing I noticed was the flimsy board -- you have to put it together every time you play , which is not fun.The spinner is an absolute nightmare . I spent two days thinking I must have put it together wrong only to learn from other parents that it is just like that . I ca n't quite figure out what they were thinking at Hasbro . Were they TRYING to make it as hard as possible to spin the spinner without it falling off track ? If so , they did an outstanding job . I truly miss hearing that pppppppttttttbzzzzzzzzzzzzzz sound when you spin the Life spinner as hard as you can.One positive
 We have/had an old version of the game that we played so much it is worn out . My wife bought the new version recently and it reeks . PC run amok , really cheap pieces and a lot of it makes no sense at all . Hey Milton Bradley ... `` if it 's not broke ... do n't fix it '' ! I guess I will just have to get out my scotch tape and work on the old one .
 I used to love the game of life as a kid -LRB- I 'm only 27 , so the memories are still a little vivid . -RRB- I bought this for my boyfriend as a birthday present , because I remembered how fun it was . The newer version is totally different ! It is a much quicker game -- there are fewer spaces then the older version -- and that is nice.However , it does leave everything up to chance ! You randomly draw a salary card and a career card to determine what you do . Some careers require a college degree , but the salary is not linked to your career . Some of the spaces on the board are coded by career , and if you hold that career , you get the money . You do have a couple opportunities to trade your salary or career , but it 's not the same . The BIGGEST difference is that they have added `` LIFE tiles '' that you acquire when you have kids or get married , etc. etc. . The values range from 50K to 250K , and you do n't look at them until the end of the game . So , even if you 've been ahead the whole game , you can lose it all in the end.Maybe the game has changed to more accurately portray life ? I dunno . I just like the old school version .
 I was just now setting up this stupid game I got for my 9-yr-old son who asked for it . There are at LEAST 9 spots to land where you 're supposed to sue your neighbor and get 100,000 . I have a real problem with that . Another is where you get cosmetic surgery ... what ? I came online to see what alternatives I could come up with and make my own stickers to put over top of the extra bad spots . Definately should have read the reviews . I did n't have this one as a kid , but I ca n't immagine it being like this .
 I have to enter a review to help balance out all the ` false positives ' here . This is NOT the original game and this version lacks the original 's charm . Updating this game is a clear example of the rule of ` if it ai n't broke do n't fix it ' .
 I was really looking forward to sharing the joy of this game with my kids , as I had many hours of fun playing it with my sister & cousins about 30 yr ago . And while we STILL laugh & tease about inheriting a Shrunken Head Collection , I knew that that particular space had not even survived until the particular edition I had as a kid . Nevertheless , I am extremely disappointed at all of the radical changes made to this childhood favorite . I felt a study of all of the new rules & various types of cards was necessary before I could even begin playing with the kids . There are about 6 different types of cards for house , careers , betting on the bank , sharing the wealth , etc. that means there is a pretty steep learning curve and you ca n't just pick it up & play it out of the box without keeping the rules handy . Perhaps I 'll learn if I ever have the time & patience to wade through all of that , but right now I am hoping I can find my old edition in my parents basement , and if you are nostalgic for the Life of your childhood , skip the new sets & check for a vintage edition .
 I was very disappointed with the new version . You need to assemble it and the spinner does not stay on as well . Also , I think they were trying to be `` hip '' or `` up to date '' with the changes . They fell short ! Sometimes leaving something as the original is best
 Life has been one of my favorite board games since I was a kid . Noticing recently that mine was getting really tattered and missing quite a few pieces I bought a new one . I wish I 'd read the reviews here first though because the new one is NOT the same as the classic Game of Life . They made an attempt to modernize it and the result is cheesy and ridiculous , with less strategy involved . If you want the game you know and love from childhood , do NOT buy this ! Absolute garbage , I 'm annoyed to have wasted my money .
 After growing up playing Life , I was really excited to pick this up at a yard sale . Lo and behold , they have updated it , and not at all in a good way . Maybe it 's more true to `` life '' -- such as starting out on your way with a bank loan for school -- but it was all downhill from there . Instead of landing on a career , you select one from a set of cards . Depending on where you land , you have to give other players money -LRB- for instance , your doctor bills go straight to the doctor -RRB- . Plus , we never seemed to really be having a hardship . There was always plenty of money -LRB- thanks to `` Life '' cards that give you , say , $ 250,000 for winning a Pulitzer -RRB- -- so much so , in fact , that at the end of the game we were really quite overwhelmed with the task of adding it up . My husband also recalled that there was a benefit to having a car full of kids in the old game -- no such luck here.It was such a bummer that I actually called my parents -- in their 80s -- to see if they still had my old version under a bed . Fortunately , they do , so we 'll finally be able to say , `` Hey ! THAT 'S Life ! `` Buyer beware .
 This version is politically correct , not as risky or challenging and just plain boring . The fun is gone and replaced with pap . Look for the older game at yard sales and auctions . Maybe you 'll find the original -LRB- like checkers -RRB- . Have n't played that one yet !
 My 9 year old daughter wanted this for Christmas . Now , I am one to research everything . However , I played this game as a child so I did not think researching was necessary . Well I was wrong . This game is awful . Why they felt the need to mess up a classic I dont know . There are 6 pages of rules to go by . Confusing ones at that . We didnt make it 1/4 of the way through before we gave up , it was that difficult . I am also a teacher and normally I would just donate this to my classroom but not this time . I like my students enough not to subject them to this awful game . Like others I am going to look for the classic version .
 I bought this game as option to entertain when having people over . As it turns out it has way too any pieces , some really small , that made it omplicated when having friends with kids . The game is complicated itself , so rather than spending a couple of hours playing , you need just as much just to set up and to explain since not many people are familiar with it . I ended up giving it away .
 Just got the `` new and improved '' Game of Life , played it once and I 'm still seething at the way the game has been dumbed down and turned into a politically correct self-esteem lesson with an almost completely random outcome . There 's no value in going to college , and you 're forced to pick up loans to boot . Heck , you can be an artist and if you get the right random pick you can still pull down $ 100K a year . Meanwhile the doctor might wind up making $ 20K . I guess it 's not fair to teach the kids that a college education makes an actual difference in earning power in `` real '' life . In the first game we played , my son randomly got $ 100K a year and I got $ 80K . The rest of the family went down from there . Guess who won ? Him . Next ? Me . Right down the line . The old game just was n't like that . Want to be a Computer Consultant ? No college degree required . Huh ?! There are almost no actual lessons of life here . Pay a chunk of money for a nice house so you can build equity , right ? Wrong . Your home does n't build equity , and you ca n't even count its value when you cash out at the end . You 're better off buying the mobile home than a nice home that will appreciate . What are we teaching here?Besides all that , the quality of the materials is lower , the board has to be set up every time , the hills do n't stay put , and the spinner jams in the hands of little kids . Last -LRB- but not least -RRB- the little pink and blue people just wo n't stay in the car . They seem to leap to their deaths at every turn , perhaps jumping out of sheer embarassment at being associated with such a watered down imitation of a once fabulous game.Next time I play I 'm skipping college entirely , becoming an artist , buying the mobile home , and pulling down $ 100K . You know who 's gon na come out on top ! What wonderful lessons for life ...
 If you loved playing Life as a kid , do n't buy the new revised version . They took out all the fun by making it politically correct . If you find the original game , buy it and buy it fast . That 's what I 'm going to do . Just wish that I could return the new version .
 I do n't usually write reviews but am so annoyed by this version of Life , I felt compelled.I also wished I had read some reviews before buying the `` new '' Life . We played the original version at my in-laws the last 2 Christmases and went out and bought our own this year to have at home with the kids.Things I liked : - If you go to college , you start out with debt . Seems reasonable and realistic . - You can change a career mid-life . You could even lose your job and be forced into a non-college career . That 's life in a recession!Things I did n't like : - They got rid of fire and life insurance . I felt like that was one of the simplest ways to teach my kids what insurance is . We always bought insurance first thing , whenever we could . And delighted when fire ripped through our house but we were insured ! But alas , no more . - Holes in the rules
 We recently purchased this game for our daughter because it was one of my favorite games when I was a child . Unfortunately I was n't aware that it had been `` improved . '' I ca n't even express how disappointed I was when I realized how much they had changed this game . It has gone from being a simple pleasure to play to a complicated mess ! Not to mention the board that has to be put together each time and the people that wo n't stay in the cars ... I plan to log onto the Milton Bradly site and let them also know my opinion , maybe the will remarket the older , better version . I suppose it might be ok to anyone who has never experienced the 70 's version - but if you are expecting the good old Game of Life - Buyer Beware ! I advise all of those out there who are as disappointed as I am to also write to Milton Bradley , maybe they will listen if enough people complain and bring back the one we all remember !
 Noticing how my board game collection did not include Life , I went to buy it . Much to my dismay they had changed the game . This game includes cards in which came be switched around between players and little cards in which you receive $ 50,000 - $ 200,000 . It all just seemed way too easy . I used to love Life , one of my favorite games . I never play the new game it 's no fun . Funny , I still find myself browsing the game aisle looking to see if they changed it back yet ...
 Ok , here is my gripe . When I was a kid , you took this game out of the box , did the regular passing out of money and other administerial stuff , and away you went . Not with this POS ... You have to assemble the whole game , every time you play . That means putting the houses onto the board . You even have to attach the mountains ! Maybe I '' m getting too old , but the version I had you did n't have to do this . Talk about cheesey . MB make a little less money and atleast give us a pre-assembled board .
 I miss the original game of Life . The new version is fine but , for those of us who grew up with the original it 's not the same . I would like to see Hasbro offer both versions or go back to the original . My original Life game is tattered but I will continue to play it as opposed to the new game .
 I bought this game at the store for my girls because I remember it being relatively easy and fun as a kid . The creators of this game have made this game so complicated , I as an adult had trouble keeping up with it . I remember playing this as a kid in 3rd grade and having no troubles . There is no way my 4th grader could play this with her friends . LIFE IS WAY TO COMPLICATED -LRB- Pun intended -RRB- . Life was much easier and more fun when I was a kid ! They have complicated the fun right out of the game !
 The game is ok , but I was disappointed as this now standard version is a changed , lower budget design of the original game . In general it is cheaply made . A couple pain points is the spinner does not stay in place unless you are very gentle with it , the people always fall out of the cars , and trying to get it all back in the box really does not work.And again , besides the poor quality , the game has been changed I assume to be more politically correct and is not as fun . Try and get the original and skip this version if at all possible.I did see what looked like a much nicer version in a considerably larger box at a major book store retailer -LRB- has two names that start with `` B '' and `` N '' -RRB- . It was at least 2x the price I paid , but I again bet a much nicer , higher quality edition worth the money .
 Oh My Gosh the new version of life is AWEFUL it was my favorite game and then as time went on I lost the pieces so I had to buy this one / its so annoying it was much more fun when you could be a doctor and make 40,000 or be an artist and make 100,00 . also there are n't those little things like if the wheel spins off the computer consultant gets paid to `` fix it '' this one is so much worse !!!!! dont buy it or you 'll be very disappointed i wish i had read the reviews BEFORE I bought it !
 This is a revised version of the original . Almost every detail that made this game spectacular changed . If you enjoyed the original -LRB- or have any form of nostalgia for it -RRB- , avoid this sham . The game has lost its flair .
 This is not the classic game , it 's the newer one with more categories but now their cut up into 2 sided cards with just one list on each side and where you put the cards has changed too now you stick them in this plastic thing inside the folder , it 's not that it 's worse it 's still a fun game but I wanted the original like it shows in the picture and for that I gave this 1 star because what you see is not what you get . Do n't get me wrong though it 's essentially the same game with a few things changed I just hope the picture gets upgraded as did the game . Peace
 This game bores me to tears . What I really dislike is that you spend about half the game NOT interacting with your friends . You are given an assignment -LRB- are n't we done with homework ? -RRB- , and you have to fill out a little form . Gee , that 's what I like to do when I hang out with friends , fill out forms . Then you get together and compare answers . What is this , a study group ? If someone thinks of an answer you did n't , your reaction will be something like `` Hey , good one . '' Should n't games get you more excited than that ? If they think of something off the wall , you say , `` What ? that does n't make sense . '' And then they say `` Yes it does '' `` No ! '' `` Yes ! '' `` No ! '' Gee , I love games that get me in arguments about words . Compare this with games like taboo , guesstures , and cranium . In those , you 're jumping around , yelling , laughing , singing , acting , having FUN . Do n't buy scattergories .
 Beware of this game . It is absoutly no fun for kids 14 and under . the potential is there but if you do n't know enought info you loose horribly and hate the game . I am 13 and very smart . Even i lost horribly . Beware .
 I wanted this toy last Christmas , I was filled with excitement for the first times I played it . The only flaw in this game is - it 's getting OLD ! It 's a very repetitive game , the only things you hear it say is `` bop it , twist it , pull it ... '' and again , and again , and again !! You can only play about 2 different games with it , when it tells you what to do , or when it plays the noise and you have to pick what it did . I was n't satisfied with this item , although it probably will never break it 's NOT unique and most of all - it 's NOT fun !
 A big disappointment for my seven-year old . It is too difficult to use and would greatly benefit if it had a means of adjusting the speed/complexity of the toy 's operation .
 While it 's nice to have the kids drawings on a plate , be aware that the kit 's price only includes ONE free plate . Shipping is $ 3 and you have to pay $ 7.95 for each additional plate you want.The plates can not be used in the microwave , which makes it very inconvenient when you want to serve warm meal . If you lost the order form , forget the free plate , you paid your money for nothing !!!! Customer service will not help you , you 'll have to pay $ 7.95 plus $ 3 shipping , that 's in addition to the $ 12.99 you paid for the kit !!! I think I 'll keep my kids ' drawings on the wall and not bother sending for the plate !
 Nice idea for a gift but the plate was basically unusable . It can not be put in the Microwave because it is made from Melamine , the same material that contaminated China 's powdered milk supply .
 These plates are ok if your just planning on placing them on a wall , but if you are planning on actually physically using them , they are worthless . You ca n't microwave and dish washing is n't a great idea . Nice that it includes markers , which are pretty decent , but for the price you pay they should upgrade their plates to at least make them microwave safe or something !
 Crossfire was at the top of my son 's list for Christmas . I went to several different stores and drove 65 miles south and north of our hometown to find this toy . I was very happy to finally find it 60 miles from home after looking in a dozen toy stores . The look on my son 's face was priceless on Christmas morning when he opened his gift . His eyes lit up and his smile was from ear to ear !! After anxiously waiting for us to assemble the gameboard , he was quickly saddened when the firing mechanism in one of the guns was not working . The marbles pop up and fall back into the players own side of the board . I have looked for an address to request a replacement part and have been unsuccessful . After all the searching and waiting , he never had a chance to play the game . It is now setting in the closet as I search once again to get a replacement gun .
 I have no idea what any of these morons are thinking ! I am a professional board game critic and I 've thoroughly investigated every aspect of this game.Fun
 I had Crossfire as a child and loved it , so I was excited to see it show up on my son 's Christmas wish list . However , we are very disappointed in this new version . My 7yo son cried the first -LRB- and therefore only -RRB- time he played it because it was too hard to fire the guns . He had to squeeze with both hands , which prevented him from being able to use one hand to reload . They often misfire and you have to jiggle them to get the balls to roll into place and that can mess up the whole playing surface . He also said it hurt his hand to pull the trigger . I tried to play the game to see how bad it was . I could n't even finish the game because I developed a blister on my trigger finger . The next day , my whole hand was sore and the pain extended up my forearm . If we still had the packaging , we would return it .
 this is predictable . there is no variation as to when the potato will buzz . we played with it a couple of times . even tried it at a party . four thumbs down .
 THE GAME ITSELF IS FUN TO PLAY HOWEVER , THE PLASTIC CENTER WITH HANDS IS CHEAPLY-MADE , `` CHINTZY '' , OF COURSE , I 'M COMPARING IT TO THE SAME PIECE 35 YRS AGO WHICH WAS OF MUCH BETTER QUALITY !
 This game fell apart after we got out of the box . I did n't even get a chance to play this with my five year old before it fell apart . Be careful , I would n't get this if you have children who are rough on their toys ...
 We got this as a Christmas present and played it once , and the kids and I were bored with it . To us , it was n't really much of a challenge and the game ended way too quickly . Also , the game does not look like it could stand rough play , which I think can definitely happen with this game . Honestly , playing `` Go Fish '' with regular playing cards is more fun than this game .
 I was not happy with this purchase.It was n't the one I thought it was going to be . Sorry I bought it .
 i DO N'T REALLY HATE THIS BUT THE person it was sent to has yet to receive it and therefore I have no idea if it was well rec 'd or not . I think it is terrible that something that is sent to a military family takes up to six or more weeks to receive . It was ordered in plenty of time to have been received .
 I bought this game by mistake . I was so disappointed when I figured out it was not the electronic game.I did keep this game I figured my two grandchildren could play with it their way . Not a good item for me .
 I bought the Animorphs borad game , and have played it several times . To be frank , I think it should be called a Bored game . It has a somewhat complicated game mechanism , with cards that you play to `` morph '' and affect the game . However , every time you play it , it 's pretty much the same , and it relys too much on chance . I have foung it to be more challenging by distributing the morph cards so that you pick them up as you go around . I realize that Animorphs is also read by 7-10 year olds , and this is who the game is geared to . I am a 13 year old fan of Animorphs , and there are many older fans out there . I am probably too old for this game , but I would appreciate it if it was just a little more intelligent . Maybe the Playstation game will be better .
 I was very disappointed with the quality of this particular game board . I own an earlier version -LRB- from the 80 's -RRB- in Spanish and the quality is way superior . The cards for Community Chest and Chance are poorly made and they are not the original yellow/orange colors with the nice printing but multicolored copies with bad computerized printing . Boardwalk , the most expensive property on the game is not translated `` Paseo Tablado '' which is the proper translation but `` Embarcadero '' . Even the money has bad printing and some kind of `` M '' symbol in lieu of the original monopoly dollar sign.The only reason I kept it and did not return it is that I wanted to use it in my classroom with my students and I did not want to use my old set -LRB- which looks like a collectors item now -RRB- . Otherwise I would have return it right away . needless to say the pics on Amazon were quite deceiving for the ones they show have the `` Paseo Tablado '' board and not the cheap version they actually send.I am extremely annoyed - it was a waste of money.I have read the comments about the `` classic '' version , but honestly , if you are going to have the pics of the `` classic '' version to sell the cheapo one , people are being mislead . Use the proper pics for each version , so customers can see what they are ordering .
 I love the idea of a bluffing game . It takes TOO long to play though . You got to write the bluffs , read the bluffs , pass them around , collect them , etc. . It 's a pain . MALARKY is a much better bluffing game . Better questions , better game play . Do n't waste your money .
 I love the idea of a bluffing game . It takes TOO long to play though . You got to write the bluffs , read the bluffs , pass them around , collect them , etc. . It 's a pain . MALARKY is a much better bluffing game . Better questions , better game play . Do n't waste your money .
 I was playing this with my family and when the first dasher went , he did n't roll the dice to determine the category and instead simply chose his own category . I protested -LRB- since obviously this provides an unfair advantage for the dasher -RRB- . My protesting escalated but when I challenged my brother , I read the rules and was humbled . Apparently the dasher IS free to pick his own category . What nonsense !!! How do the publishers justify this ? Not only was I humiliated in front of my entire family , but I became so frazzled that I ended up losing the game .
 Being a big fan of the Original Balderdash , I was n't impressed playing the new `` Beyond Balderdash '' . I was expecting something closer to the `` Original '' with words and did n't enjoy the new categories . It is a good game on it 's own merits , but beware lover 's of the original , expect a different game .
 Looking for the original `` Balderdash '' , I bought this game , thinking it must be as good or better . The original was one of the most fun games I 've ever played , but this one , with its multiple categories , was a disappointment . The new categories , of movie titles , dates , acronyms , etc. , somehow diluted the momentum of the original and missed the mark for creativity and hilarity that the was a consistant hallmark of its forbear . Playing the new version , we eventually only played the `` definitions of arcane words '' category . Anyone have a copy of the old version they 're not using any more ?
 My 2 year old got this for his birthday . Although , he is a huge tubbies fan , he has shown no interest in this game . I do n't think it is very appropriate for a 2 year old . I would say it is more for a 3 year old or older . Lots of small parts , & play dough . A parent 's nightmare !
 Compared to the simplicity of Diplomacy or the richness of Third Reich , Risk is an `` also ran '' . It combines the worst of abstractness and lack of detail to produce a game as unworthy of being called a wargame as tic-tac-toe . However , it is a good stepping stone for children just entering the wargaming hobby , but is quickly outgrown . If you 're -LRB- mentally -RRB- an adult , hunt down anything by Avalon Hill that came out before they were taken over by Hasbro .
 Our boys like Sonny but his flippers just wo n't stay on ! The rings come in 2 halves and do n't stay together at all . Sonny 's barking and movements are cute but the kids need constant help with putting the flippers back on and the rings together .
 ... This version of Outburst -LRB- Ultimate -RRB- seems to have been thrown together , for the sole purpose of cashing in on the success of the original Outburst -LRB- which was excellent -RRB- . Categories are repeated -LRB- `` GLASS '' and `` THINGS MADE OF GLASS '' -RRB- and the idea that the repeated words on the cards is meant to be ` part of the game ' is ludicrous . The object of the game is to come up with TEN items for the category , not 3 items plus 4 ways of saying the same item ! Sloppy quality control if you ask me .
 I could n't believe how BAD this game was . Most cards often have several of the same answers listed . For example
 I recieved this from a friend for my birthday . It looked cool ; new money tokens and such . But there is one flaw . IT IS ANOTHER MONOPOLY ! There has to be at least 30 different types of this game out already . So why buy this new one ?
 Hasbro is in serious danger of a class action lawsuit here . Ipurchased this game as a Christmas gift for a young neighbor . Uponopening it he was very upset to see plain black dice instead of the futuristic jewel dice advertised . I then started calling Hasbro to get him the right dice . After many attempts I was finally told that there was a `` manufacturing problem '' with the futuristic dice and they were `` replaced '' by plain black dice . The furtistic dice are no longer available . I explained to them that they advertised this product as a `` Collector 's Item '' and then took out one of the collector pieces without saying anything which to me is the old bait-and-switch . Hasbro has not made this situation public -LRB- I searched their web site for a press release -RRB- and continues to sell and advertise the game -LRB- at its original retail price of course -RRB- as if it contains futuristic dice . Hasbro will send you regular square dice that are in the jewel like orange color if you request it ... call 888-836-7025 and be prepared to get a busy signal on your first 15 attempts !
 Two big problems with this toy . First , its grammar is atrocious
 It is unbelievable that a company would release a children 's toy with such horrendous grammar . Do not buy this product .
 If you do well , Mr. Potato Head says , `` You did good ! '' Yikes ! If you are trying to teach your children even passable grammar , a toy like this will set your efforts back immeasurably .
 I agree with the other reviewer ... this toy definitely needs an off switch . I purchased this toy thinking it would be a good diversion for my three-year old on a long car trip . Boy was I wrong . He liked it well enough , but quickly became bored with it . And the fact that you ca n't turn it off is a real TURN OFF ! Arghhh ! We have woken up in the middle of the night to hear `` Hi , I 'm Mister Potato Head '' ... when the toy was in the toy box . It seems to be easily ` set-off ' and will jabber on for about 5 minutes before shutting itself off . I 'd steer clear of this one . There are plenty of other toys out there that DO have an off switch !
 My daughter enjoyed this toy for about a week - it was her first handheld game so she was naturally excited about it even though it 's not much fun . It 's biggest problem is that it does n't have an OFF button and it goes on and on before it finally gets quiet -LRB- back in the days she occasionally played with it , she would shove it into a closet or under a pillow when she was finished -RRB- . The second biggest problem is that it seems to have a mind of its own and randomly starts talking when no one is touching it -LRB- Nothing I hate more than a haunted toy -RRB- . I have n't even seem my daughter 's game since moving into a new house four months ago . I know it 's there because I hear it talking on a regular basis . If I ever find it , it 's going in the give away pile .
 For one thing you can not turn this game off and it becomes very annoying listening to it prompt you to push a button.Next , it does not hold my daughters attention . She got this 2 years ago for Christmas and she is now 6 and has never enjoyed this game.It is difficult for young children to use .
 My boy recieved this one for Christmas last year . I have to confess that I probably played with it more than he did , and it was consigned to the closet soon after . The problem is that it outpaces reaction time at an incredible rate.If your kid 's the type to be turned off by that lack of instant gratification , and the lack of a difficulty switch , do n't bother.But if you want one for yourself , for the fun of whacking something , have at it .
 its 185 $ what the hell is up with that !?! and the second one is 85 $ and its got extra features!i hope that is a typo
 We bought this for my daughters friend as a birthday gift . After giving it in the original package , my daughter asked how the Bop It was and discovered it did n't work . Contacting the company directly they found it had been discontinued so was `` traded '' for a different toy .
 I 'm a grown-up who loves games . I 'm also a teacher who gets to see what a lot of kids play with and like . I was given Bop-It and gave it away 2 weeks later . It really is an okay game , similar to `` Simon '' , but nothing exceptional . On the plus side it 's visually designed well , sturdy , fast paced and for those kids who do like it , addictively fun . On the down side , kids already have enough fast paced games out there - who needs another ? This one adds little to the genre and video games teach better reflexes . It 's very repetetive and has only 2 versions of the same game to play . The programmed voice is sarcastic , the music unchanging - and a warning to parents - there is no volume control . The game can accomodate any number of players , but if any one of them makes a mistake , the whole game is over - how frustrating ! If you 're not seeking creativity or something educationally oriented , this is an okay toy for kids . I would definitely not reccommend it for adults , not even as a party game , as it quickly becomes boring and annoying .
 I am a teacher and collect lots of games . I seem to remember enjoying the electronic game ` Simon ' as a child , and had read good reviews of ` Bop-It ' here , so I ordered one . It was fun for about the first 15 minutes . The song and voice are too repetetive -LRB- and annoying -RRB- , and for an adult , the challenge of the game just was n't fun . There are only 2 different versions of basically the same game programmed into it -LRB- boring -RRB- . I 'd recommend going to a toy store and finding the much more creative version of the same principle , an electronic game called ` Brain Warp ' which pleases many different intellects . I did pass ` Bop-It ' around at a party of educators and of 15 of us only 2 enjoyed this game .
 What a disappointment ! This toy purports to have multiple levels and games , but it 's way too simplistic for kids at the older end of the recommended range . Whether it 's following a sequence of lights or matching the colored fireflies -LRB- i.e. pressing the unlit red firefly if the other red firefly is currently lit -RRB- this is way too repetitious for even unsophisticated 4 year olds . And what 's worse , the buttons are temperamental so sometimes they do n't register a `` hit '' even when the correct firefly has been pressed . 2 or even 3 year olds might find this amusing , but forget it for older kids .
 ALL of my reviews are positive , due to the fact that I only buy figures noted for their durability and sculpt :-RRB- ... now , on to the review ... I have purchased the green copy of this figure which in my opinion , is n't as good as the orange and is sadly more common : -LRB- due to its size compared to the other figures , Alien Spawn 2 is a good grab , the only figures that would beat this figure in looks is Raven and Pirate Spawn , NONE would better this figure in durability due to the excellent choice of softer yet stronger plastic , this is almost IMPOSSIBLE to break , but do n't take my word for it , see for yourself : -RRB- detail seems a little less drawn than say , Pirate Spawn or the figures from the previous Movie Maniac line , but it sports an eccentric pose and a very arcane , demonic yet space monster look to it , highly recomendable at fans of McFarlane and his work.Enjoy .
 I received the packages of plastic balls that were in shipping boxes that were in perfect condition . When I opened the boxes , most of the balls were dented . They will not roll and are not usable . I contacted the seller and they will not issue a shipping label . They refuse to believe that the item is defective . They suggested that I put them in the sun or manipulate them to pop back out . I do n't believe that I should have to fix a brand new item ! I do not reccommend purchasing this item .
 I am a Prime customer of amazon.com and I just got back from the United States Post Office spending $ 12.02 -LRB- 11.17 for package & .85 for delivery confirmation -RRB- to return this item . Based on the `` Product Features '' section of this item , I ordered two of these to create a ball pit for my kids . Unfortunately and to everyone 's disappointment , the product I received was not as described . The balls were NOT `` Larger Size 3 '' Diameter Balls '' and were NOT in `` 5 Bright Colors
 When I first purchased this item I was really excited to get these for my son 's birthday party . However when the item arrived it was the completly wrong product . They had send a simulation helicopter kit rather than plastic balls for children . Unfortunatly it took so long corresponding back and forth that I didnt have the balls in time for my party & ended up having to get them from Walmart ugh . The seller did return the item with out giving me to much guff and I just returned the items out right & didnt exchange because I had already purchased the 200 balls for 20 $ at walmart for the party .
 I am so disappointed with this version of the game . I remember my kids liked this game - it was much better than CandyLand . I remember it was the buckets that told you the color of the 2-4 people playing and I bought this for my grandson who is now almost 21/2 years old . I liked the game in the past for the counting up to 4 and teaching colors . In this version everyone has a different TREE and the colors are not true colors . There 's a cherry tree with light red playing pieces ; an orange tree that is YELLOW ; a green tree with light green apples ; and worse of all , a BLUEBERRY TREE -LRB- blueberries grow on bushes -RRB- that is PURPLE . What in the world were they thinking of when they redid this game ! They should be ashamed of themselves , making this for young kids with untrue colors and having a blueberry TREE . My grandson likes this game but it is not the toy that I thought I was getting . The old version was much , much better -- a fun game and learning toy . Joyce
 My two boys did n't find this board game very interesting at all . The game itself is cheaply made . I find the cherries all over the house as they are so small and easy to misplace . My kids prefer chutes and ladders 10x over this one .
 I bought this item based on the other reviews which were mainly positive.I do n't recall seeing any of the negative reviews mention the quality of the game but given the number of reviews I might have missed something.First the good thing : This game requires counting and therefore has the potential to make gaining basic mathematical skills effortless ... given that the players are having fun.My problems with the game are :1 . Fruits too small and really look edible even to a 3 year old .2 . Fruits roll all over the place when we attempt too play and so are likely to get lost soon . They sent an extra piece of each fruit but what if 2 pieces go missing ? Again because they are so small they might not be easily found .3 . The cardboard base that holds the baskets is a little flimsy and does n't look like it will hold up to heavy use at all ... especially not by a 3 and 4 year old .4 . The toy gives the overall impression of being cheaply made with these little plastic parts that look very flimsy and not designed for heavy use by small childrenI do not wish to sound scornful of the `` Made in China '' label but I get a ` cheap toy ' feeling from it.Anyway glad it was so cheap . Would not purchase again or recommend in its present form .
 I had HI HOpes for this one , but that enthusiasm will have to wait . I bought this for my 3 year old son 's birthday , and although he was excited by it , he 's not ready yet . First , the game pieces are TINY spheres so they are very easy to lose . A slight bump and they are rolling off the board , slipping under the buckets , or burying themselves in my carpet . It is nice that there is one extra piece of each color , but that 's all . Second , this game would be better for kids who are already good at taking turns so they can take advantage of learning the math concepts . My guy still struggles with the concept of taking turns for a board game , as he is used to a lot of exploration . This game does NOT lend itself to exploration because it is too poorly constructed and tiny.That being said , it will most definitely resurface once he knows turn taking , has developed more patience for following game rules , and has more body control to avoid knocking the board . I recommendCandy Land - The World of Sweets Board Gameas a better starter game . At that point , using this game to teach addition and subtraction will be lots of fun !
 At first glance my daughter seemed quite intrigued by the little fruity pieces . In the meantime , I was just wondering silently how long it would take for us to lose a few of the tiny things , whereas if we did , we 'd have to throw the whole game away . Anyway , that was our first impression.As we started the game , I found it very annoying to have to load all the little fruit pieces onto the board , 40 in all . 40 pieces tinier than a marble . And if you take your basket out of the hole , the little fruit pieces will roll into the hole where the basket was and to retrieve it you have to disrupt the entire board and put back all 40 pieces again . That is of course worst case , but it did -LRB- and WILL -RRB- happen , and was annoying.You spin the spinner and if it lands on a number , you take that many fruits off your tree . If the spinner lands on the dog or bird you give back 2 , and if it lands on the spilled basket , you give back everything in your basket.There is a little over a 40 % chance that the spinner will land you on one of the spaces where you need to give back your fruits . My poor daughter , through hard luck , kept landing on either the number 1 , the dog , or the bird . So whatever little she got , she would have to keep putting it back.This game bored me to tears and worst of all it made my daughter very sad . She did not have a fit but she just had a really sad face every time the spinner landed on the dog or bird . This game is pure luck , so there was no way to exercise her mind except for counting up to 4 fruits or taking away 2 of them.Would not recommend . NOT FUN AT ALL . Lots of better games out there .
 My 3yo son received this as a gift . Whomever came up with this game should be fired . Either that person or the one at the age-rating approval board who approved this for 3 year olds.This game has about a bazillion tiny pieces , so while it may be fun for the little one to place the fruit on the trees or put them into the baskets , the pieces end up all over your floor , under the sofa , in the vacuum cleaner , perhaps in your baby 's mouth/nose/ears . It may encourage color-learning and counting but it also encourages chaos . How a 3yo could possibly understand the rules of this game is beyond me . I have a Master 's degree and I find it hard to follow . Of course , that may be because I 'm busy chasing the microscopic pieces of fruit all over the house ...
 I used to play this game with my mom . Recently , I played it with my niece , who is 4 . I now feel bad about all the times I made my mom play it with me . As we were playing , my niece said , `` I 'm not really having much fun , I 'm just playing it for you . `` That about sums it up - `` Hi Ho Cherry-O - bores the britches off 4-year olds . `` You spin the wheel . A number comes up . You pick some cherries . You spin the wheel . The birds come . You lose some cherries . The last person to get bored and leave wins.Personally , I think eating boogers is more entertaining.-m
 Whenever this game is brought out of the cabinet , I run for cover ! I hate this game because one 's very personal and private views about things are often forced out into the open and people get to ridicule your thoughts . Lying is a big part of the strategy , which I find bizarre . All in all , I find it NO fun !
 My son received this toy a while back and while it looks nice , it never worked properly . The Probe Droid part would spin and beep a lot but it would very seldom actually shoot out the disks . You had to hold the light saber just inches away from the sensors to maybe get a disk to shoot out . My son would grow impatient and gave up on using it . We finally threw out the droid part , keeping just the light saber , which my son still plays with .
 This toy sort got pushed in the garage . My child liked the toy . The light saber breaks easily . Its 's a threeFrom mom and child
 the copy on this product makes it sound like 9 guns are included ... they are n't ... there 's only one , and you ca n't pick which one .
 We wanted to buy Candyland for our almost 3 year old boy . He really liked Pooh and Tigger so we thought this game would be great for him.However , the colors on this game make it nearly impossible to play for a 3 year old . He understand colors like red , green , and blue . This game has colors like mauve , turqouise , and tan . And to make it even more difficult , the shade of colors on the cards does n't match the shade of colors on the board.Plus all the pieces make it time-consuming to put up and take down.We took this game back . Do yourself a favor and buy the plain-old traditional Candyland .
 I was n't sure about the game before I bought it , and now that I own it . I really dislike it!This is why : The game looks more like a Winnie the Pooh Birthday Party than a Picnic.The gameboard feels very cluttered with all of the winnie the pooh cardboard standing parts.The gameboard is even worse because because the colored squares seem extra small , and the playing pieces are extra big.Eeyore , if placed on the board with his head facing forward , will take up 3 spaces.The colors are not simple colors making the teaching value of this game very poor.I suggest buying the original game , because this one is truly not that good .
 My 4 & 21/2 year olds love Pooh but this game is not what I expected . There are MANY pieces that pop into the board to decorate it and they get in the way of the game . But my biggest complaint of this game is the colors . They are NOT your traditional Red , Oragne , Blue , Yellow , Purple , Green they are in between colors like yellow-orange , grenish-blue , orange-red etc. . YIKES !! I am trying to teach my kids the colors as we play the game and I have trouble naming the colors . I donated my Pooh game and bought the regular Candy Land !! The colors are more vibrant and not mistakable for another color !!
 As other reviews indicate , this board has pieces that must be inserted and removed every time the board is brought out . There are several problems with this . The first is that the cardboard inserts quickly become frayed and crushed at the bottom where they are supposed to fit into plastic clips . The clips themselves are like vices and hard to open sufficiently . There is no way small children can set this up by themselves and frankly , it can take an adult so long to get all the pieces together that the children lose interest and go off to do something else . I really ca n't believe that the designers of this ever tested it with real children and parents before tossing it out on an unsuspecting public .
 I bought this for my almost 2-1/2 year old , to help her learn colors . The colors on this board are not standard colors - teal , fushia , tan , etc. - so it is not as useful as we thought it would be . It is a bother to set up and take apart . She clamours to play it , but she does n't have the attention span ... She just wants to play with the cards , which get bent and torn . She does n't care about the game itself at all .
 Boring . Try some of the Ravensberg games insted . Games for kids are luck , but this is even worse . Can be frustrating for them too .
 I 've played twice now , and both times it was `` okay '' fun -- not great , not awful -LRB- I ca n't imagine playing it time after time after time like the Genus editions -RRB- . I also ca n't imagine ever playing a `` long '' game , as a short game takes enough time -- since no one knows hardly any of the answers -LRB- most of the questions are quite obscure -RRB- . I do n't know what 's up with the plastic-box card holder thing . It 's not big enough to hold an entire row of cards , so you 're always changing them , and it 's not designed well either , so the cards do n't sit in it nicely . The only really cool thing are the four pieces -LRB- Bugs , Batman , Scooby , and I forget ! -RRB- and how the colored pies actually `` lock '' into place .
 Normally , the specialized versions of Trivial Pursuit have been quite fun , but this version is the one and only dissapointment I have ever had from this line of otherwise fun games . The difficulty of the questions is the main obstacle ; my friends and I -LRB- all 20-somethings -RRB- had never heard of most of the movies and TV shows in this game , and we thought we were real Loonie Tunes and Cartoon Network buffs . Why could n't the game have stuck to it 's advertising
 This game is for Warner Bros. enthusiasts ONLY ! Very obscure questions , very few an 8-29-year-old could answer .
 Well , perhaps I should have predicted this , but the questions are just impossible . I thought I -LRB- and the friend I bought this for -RRB- were true Warner Bros. cartoon buffs , but this was rediculous . Admittedly , we did not try the supposedly easier kiddie-cards . The image of Bugs is plastered all over the game , but we encountered maybe 2 questions about him and maybe 3 other Loony Tunes questions over the course of 3 hours . Many questions seemed to promote obscure shows on TV now -LRB- things you did n't even know were afiliated with Warner Bros. -RRB- , perhaps to remind you that you should watch them . We were able to make the game hilariously fun , though , by having the question-reader -LRB- 1 -RRB- determine what was the best color to try to answer , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- employ whatever means possible to get the person to answer correctly - it was more like playing Taboo . I 'm sure some people would enjoy and do well at this game , but BE WARNED !
 We purchased this camera because all the Fisher Price Kid-Tough ones had been bought up by people reselling them for a huge profit . We thought the price of this camera was much more reasonable than the price those sellers were asking for the Kid-Tough cameras . Price is not everything . First of all , I had n't noticed that the window on the back is not for a digital picture display but only for a counter on the number of photos taken . Without the displayed picture our son is only half as interested in the camera as he otherwise would be . Secondly , the battery compartment opens very easily . Every time the camera falls to the floor the batteries fall out and all the picture memory is lost . Most frustratingly , the flash is very complicated to turn on -- it seems to require pushing the only two buttons in a particular order many times -- and after all that effort it automatically turns off right away so our son is constantly asking us to help turn it on again . We have given up and purchased the Fisher Price one .
 I really wanted to like this product but it has a fatal flaw
 Not only does this product leak like a sieve , -LRB- Round tubing in square holes ? please ... -RRB- Theone way valves that are supposed simulate circulation DO NOT WORK correctly .
 The title says it all , the drawings are lame , way different than the ones in the front of the tin
 The only reason I gave it two stars and not one is because the delivery was fast . The description saw it was collectible new . When I received it , the puzzle box was not as it was described . The corners were not good , the was tape marks on the side of the box , and worse of all , the was a lot of hair balls in the puzzle ! Disgusting !!! Even though the delivery service is good , the product are nasty .
 I am sure this product is fine , but it is for a gift and it comes in plastic shipping bags ... no container , tin , or box ... that should be clearly stated in the ad ... I ca n't give this as a gift ... it would be fine if it was for my own children , but not as a gift ! Unfortunately I will be returning this item .
 This product promises 300 pieces . Unfortunately , 200 of those are the tiny single size little logs . You ca n't build much with this toy . Rip off . I 'd say pay the extra couple of bucks and buy a set that you can actually build things with , but unfortunately I ca n't find any others that do n't have the same poor review . Hopefully you 'll have better luck then me .
 There isn ' enough variety of peices in this set . my son tried to build stuff with it , but there are n't enough roof peices or smaller peices . Just tons of big peices . I tried gettting creative and playing with them with him , but I soon realized that you just really ca n't put anything creative together with the lack of peices . I ended up donating the whole set to good will .
 By now pretty much everybody is into the pokemon craze , including myself , which is why i had HIGH hopes for this board game . But i could 've had incredibly LOW hopes and still be disappointed . The pokemon game boy game is probably the best gameboy game out there , because of the incredibly addicting challenge of collecting ALL 150 pokemon . Everybody who bought the game boy game was entertained for days upon days , until they finally completed the challenge of `` catching them all ! '' But NONE of that entertainment and challenge is in the board game . What is this ? Special CARDS that pretty much decide your entire fate !? There is no strategy to this game whatsoever ! It 's strictly luck ! But , that 's why a 6-year-old can fall in love with this game . The cool coins for each pokemon you can get , the simple rules of the game , and all the `` cutesy '' looking creatures . But , unfortunately , the game has none of the enjoyment of anything else using the name pokemon . It is my belief that hasbro was just trying to squeeze some cash out of the pokemaniacs out there , and used a franchise that just could not be made into a fun board game . D -
 I got this game for X-Mas two years ago when I was 10 , thinking it would be so cool , being a Pokemon freak and all . Well , I was in for a BIG surprise . The game took me half an hour just to set up , and at least fifteen minutes just to understand the directions correctly . When I played it , I kept getting confused because the paths on the board were so confusing , and I kept getting messed up on whether caught a Pokemon or not . And believe me , I 'm a straight A student !! The game is pretty durable , though . But even so , DON `` T GET THIS GAME WHATSOEVER !!
 pikachu is not as cute as he should be ! that took a lot out of the basic gameplay . If you extremely love pokemon you MIGHT like it but you will be shocked at how uncute pikachu is .
 I Remembered this game from my childhood - back when thing were built halfway decent . I bought this game online for my 5 year old and the timer did n't work - would click down to about 30 seconds and stop . You have to bang on the thing to keep the timer going . Then I bought one from a local store ... . Same thing - timer sticks . This is not a fluke - this is just a poorly made toy . Too bad - it could be a great game if they fixed the timer !
 I bought this toy for my 5 year old nephew . I was very disappointed to find the timer often gets stuck and has to be tapped or reset several times during each round . This completely ruins the game .
 I remember loving this as a child . Bought one for my kids for Christmas and it never worked . The timer gets down to a few seconds left and then just stops . It never triggers the tray to pop up , defeats the purpose of the whole game . Never got around to returning it , so I just decided to buy another one at a local store . Does n't work either . This time the timer does n't run . You turn it all the way around and it just pops all the way back . You would think for $ 20 they could at least put a timer in it that works properly . Timers are not brain surgery for crying out loud . What a waste of money ...
 We purchased this toy as a christmas gift . When opened this toy did not work . Moving parts were stuck . Something that should have been caught prior to leaving the manufacturer . Very disappointingPerfection .
 I liked this game as a kid , and thought my five-year-old would enjoy it too . Unfortunately , the timer did n't work -LRB- at all -RRB- fresh out of the box . I returned it and got my money back , but I am loath to purchase Perfection again .
 I was so excited to give this to my son as I enjoyed it as a child . I bought one , which did not work right out of the box . The timer did n't run . I exchanged it for a new one . Same thing . It seems to work after spending hours on top of a warm radiator.Bummed .
 Read all of the reviews and question the odd positive reviews , because we bought 3 of these from 2 different stores and NONE of the timers worked . The all counted about 3/4 the way down and stuck . To make such a simple toy and do such a bad job is a real shame . We also have one of these from about 25 years ago and it works fine ! 20 bucks each , could n't find the receipt so we 're out 60 dollars , but hopefully people will see this review -LRB- and the others -RRB- . The people making these `` classic '' games should have a bit more class and respect for the memories they 're ruining , but I 'm sure they sleep just fine . That 's the nature of the world we live in.Capt . RBNY
 These highly favorable reviews look like one bogus author padded the space trying to push this toy . Many repititious sections , `` my 3-year-old , '' `` blast , '' `` as a child , '' , on and on . I do n't buy them at all .
 I just opened the box , followed the instructions to put everything together , started testing it out , then I found out the timer was broken ! It is stuck at the zero position and there is no way to turn it . It was a complete waste of money , and the most ironic thing is that the toy is called `` Perfection '' and it is anything but perfect .
 Like many other reviews state ... THE TIMER DOES NOT WORK !!!! Opened it today and returning it today . Do n't waste your time .
 I loved this game when I was a kid . I bought it for my five-year-old daughter for christmas and it did n't work . I guess I should have tried it out before wrapping it , but you assume that something will function properly when its brand new . Pieces are all there , but the timer does n't run , which kind of defeats the purpose of the game . A big disappointment . No wonder people just play videogames these days . Could just be a dud , and I 'll try to replace it , but still a disappointment .
 Ordered this toy for my wife , but was not what we expected upon arrival . It 's ok , but had hoped for a more deluxe edition with bigger playing board .
 I had expected a game even better than Scrabble , but Upwords is not ! Games fizzle out in no time due to the small board and dullness of having to change words instead of create new ones . Unlike Scrabble , there is no real vocabulary challenge . I do n't recommend this one at all .
 This is a really fun game that has no legs . Simply put , the dictionary checking words played is absolutely pathetic ! Its not unusual to have it fail to recognize simple 3 or 4 letter English words , accept mis-spelled words and allow the computer to play mis-spelled words and obscure foreign words . Fun but frustrating !
 This games scoring is too confusing . My friends fought over it for 25 minutes . and then they just put the game away . I 'm not so sure what was worse the rampent testosterone or the confusion of the actual scoring . As I write this i am being told to email the company and ask how to score it . Ridiculous . there is something wrong with this game and my friend mike .
 In our family we have played UPWORDS forever and love it ! It 's fun for all ages and more challenging than Scrabble . However , this new version is not so nice . Instead of the wonderful old wooden tiles which were large enough to manipulate easily , we now have scaled down size with plastic tiles that are awkward and clumsy , especially for elderly hands . Please , Hasbro , bring back the old version . What were you thinking?I am still looking for the `` old '' version , if anyone knows where I can find one .
 You can get the old vintage aggravation games on Ebay for 10 or less and theres also some hand-made wooden boards as well . These new versions dont hold a candle to the old ones , Just as old tvs seem better than some of the new ones .
 I chose this rating because this is not the same game as I was used to playing , even though it is Aggravation . The seller mailed it in a timely manner and it was new .
 The old board did not need any updating . It was just fine . Now it is just confusing . If I had known that the board would be this bad I would not have bought it .
 Aggravation is one of those eternal classics , and is also known as Wahoo -LRB- Parchisi is another variant of the same basic concept -RRB- . Unfortunately , this edition is not . The board is cheaply made and rather hideous to look at -LRB- I guess that 's all at the expense of `` being cool '' -RRB- . This board has been out since the 1990s , and it 's rather sad this is the only model currently available on the market that I know of . The game goes much faster because of how wonky the marble path is around each home colour -LRB- purple , red , etc -RRB- . The board itself is cheaply made and starts comes apart pretty easily . Also , this board is aimed squarely at little kids , and Wahoo is one of those games that adults can play with equal pleasure.I have an Aggravation board from the 1980s , and that board looks so much more stylish . I wish they had that.If you are wanting a good board , do n't get this one . There are plenty of home made wooden boards available on Ebay and other sources . In the past few years I have bought two different wooden boards off Ebay that were dual sided . One side had a four player version and the other side had a six player version for my wife 's grandma who loves Wahoo . I bought a second one from the same vendor a year or two later with an 8 player game on one side and a 4 player game on the second side . The quality of these boards are great , strong , and durable.Trust me , if you like Wahoo/Aggravation , a wooden board is definitely the way to go ! Much classier and much more appealing to adults as well as kids !
 Personally , I would give this game only one star , but my 5 year old enjoys it so I bumped it up to two stars because his opinion does count for something.First , the game is made pretty poorly . The plastic `` marbles '' are very lightweight and tend to roll out of their holes very easily . The game board itself is made of cheap cardboard and does n't always lay flat . The whole thing just has a very cheap feel , especially for something that 's being sold for almost $ 30.00 . Second , the game itself just is n't that much fun . It just drags on forever , or at least it feels like it does . And I 'm not one of those parents who minds playing childrens games with their children . I 'm a stay at home father who happily plays all manner of games with my five year old ; this one is just plain boring.If you 're looking for a game similar to Aggravation - i.e. , one of those games where you enter the board from your Base , go around the board with the possibility of landing on an opponent 's piece and sending them back to their Base , and then try to enter your Home -LRB- usually by exact count -RRB- - then Sorry -LRB- or even Sorry Spin -RRB- would be a MUCH better choice . It 's just a better thought-out game with more opportunities to try a strategy once your child is old enough for that kind of thing . Even without the strategy , Sorry is just more fun to play.Once your child is a bit older , then get Parcheesi
 I loved playing Aggravation as a kid . Countless hours at the dinning room table returned memories to last a lifetime . With the `` new '' board , I dread my kids choosing this game . The board is confusing , the shapes are distracting , and generally I find we think more about where we are supposed to go next than clearly considering strategy . I would n't even consider this game with a child or adult who had sensory , vision , or comprehension challenges . This board design is a failure on the part of the design team . Someone forgot to tell you that simple is best.On the bright side , I can always hope that I win the bidding war with my sisters for the set that has been in the family for 40 years !
 My daughter got this came for Christmas and it is still fun to play , but the new graphics are very confusing and hard to follow . They want a little overboard in their updating of this one . New colors would have been fine , but all the curves , zig-zags , etc , make this version a poor substitute for the older versions . I 'm going to ebay !!
 The old game board was better . I am looking for that game board . I guess I 'll have to use -LSB- ... -RSB- . They made a mistake with this new funky game board . Still love the game though . Also , I do n't like the plastic game peices . I want the old marbles to return !
 I just received my puzzle glue in the mail and its going back . . i havent even tried the glue although from past use I already know it is a good product . . I just paid -LSB- ... -RSB- for ONE little bottle of glue . . absolutely unacceptable . . the stuff sells for 5 bucks a bottle . . I thought I was getting 4 or 5 bottles for 25 bucks NOT 1 . . will NOT use this company again
 this games was really bad , my guest did not like it and you need 18 people for it to be fun ...
 Honestly this wasnt worth the price . It was old dusty and not even fully functional . Has tape to hold it together . . I wouldve paid @ $ 2.50 for this in a tag sale had i known it would come from an Amazon seller in this condition . Down to crayon on the instructions . . VERY VERY disappointed . . I even started getting fradualent credit card charges after this purchase and makes me think it was this seller . . BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Ok the monkey in a barrel were okay I saw them for much more less at a local walmart but didnt want to go through the hassle of returning them . Not enough monkey for the price .
 My 18 month old grandson loves Toy Story 3 . One of his favorite parts is the barrel of monkeys . I ordered a red barrel of monkeys , like the ones in the movie , but I received a green one . I am so disappointed . I 'm not sure he 'll make the connection . It is too close to Christmas to return it . Since receiving it I 've discovered that colors are sent out randomly . As of this writing , there is no way to specifically buy a red one on Amazon .
 I bought this for my girl and she loves it . But the copy we received was missing 1/4th of the board . It 's difficult to play with only 3 pieces of the board .
 I looked forward to this but the game was received without the most important piece namely the crown . Totally disappointed
 I agree that dressing up like a princess is great fun . It could be a good time for parents to play with their daughter . BUT , try playing the game while babysitting for twins . Whoever decided to make a game with only 1 crown that the girls can steal from each other clearly has never played with two little girls at the same time , much less twin girls . The tears and brawls are UNREAL . you 'd better be ready to stop some major battles over that plastic crown . If you 're babysitting , try to find a different game to play .
 I do n't like this game at all . It 's boring , and if you ca n't think of answers for a while , then you want to leave , which is exactly what I did and why I 'm writing this review . I ca n't stand it . The concept is so-so , but the game is n't . It 's is so slow , and the people I play with never seem to be having fun , they just finish to find out if they 'll win or not . BORING ...
 This would of been a good puzzle if it did not have any MISSING PIECES . Thank you
 I got this for my 9-year-old to do for a school project . It said it was fine for children over 8 . The directions were terrible . Few words and lots of inaccurate photos to aid in the construction . The insturctions do not allow for the thickness of mortar in between the bricks to be able to hold it together . There was quite a bit of dissolving of mortar and redoing in order to build this . I 'm a civil engineer so it 's not as if I do n't know what I 'm doing . In the end , I ended up doing 90 % of the construction for him . It was for a school project , so because mom had done so much for him , he had to do something else to show the work he did .
 We 've always pulled our 8 and up kids into adult Scrabble games , and just calculated a reasonable handicap for them . The adults are more willing to play with the kids if we are n't forced to play a kiddie version , and the kids get some exposure to a broader vocabulary right from the start . They 're very proud of lowering their handicap over time too .
 This game was disappointing . It needs to be more like the real adult version with double points , etc. . It did not come with a holder for the letters , so we had to lay down our letters on the table and others could see them . Letters were made of medium thick cardboard ! Overall , the game was just okay .
 ---------------------------------- `` Scrabble Junior '' -LRB- Hasbro toys -RRB- ---------------------------------- If you like Scrabble , and come from a Scrabble-playing family , I 'd say this kids ' version is not worth buying . The graphics are ugly and hard to focus on , and the game itself is less than satisfying , and does n't inspire much in the way of learning new words -LRB- particularly since one version of the game asks the players to spell out predetermined words that are printed on the board itself ... -RRB- Do n't sell your kid short
 Buy the real one instead . It 's cheaply constructed and really limited on the `` Junior '' side .
 My sister had bought this for my daughter and the instructions seemed vague and a little unusual for a spelling game that we are used to.There are two ways you can play this game but now I find that we tend to play neither because we do not understand the instructions.We stick to regular scrabble and just down size it to fit the vocabulary for an eight year old.We have just as much fun as if it was a bunch of adults playing.Albany
 This game is the worst of the `` junior '' games for kids . It is severly limited -LRB- aimed at pre-readers -RRB- and is not enjoyable at all to play . The game is also fundamentally flawed , in that if you follow the rules , the endgame is tedious and boring -- two things you never want to experience when playing with a young child . DO NOT BUY !
 Scrabble Jr. uses cheap materials for a not-all-that-cheap price . It simplifies the scoring , but that removes the reward for using the harder letters ... and if you really want to do a 1-point-per-letter scoring system with no bonus spaces on the board , it would be easy enough to implement that with a regular set . The board is smaller , so it actually makes the game harder as you go along , because you run out of space at the edges to make the words you 'd like to . The basic skill of constructing words is n't any easier with this game than with an adult set , and I think the simplified scoring takes a lot of the fun out of the game . I 'm getting a Scrabble Deluxe set to use with my 6 and 9 year old kids - they 'll need some help , but no more so than with Scrabble Jr. and it will be a more satisfying and more durable game.Another great alternative is UpWords . This is a MUCH better pre-Scrabble game than Scrabble Jr. . It rewards cleverness over knowledge of obscure words , and therefore helps to level the playing field among players of varying-sized vocabularies.Upwords
 I purchased this game for my 6yo son , as he was learning to read and begin to spell simple words . He also loves math , so I thought this game would just be a smaller version of the classic game with an easier -LRB- but still strategic -RRB- method of play with the scoring . But I was wrong.The game is made very cheaply . I suppose I should n't be surprised . But the letter `` tiles '' are made of cardboard , and they are so lightweight -LRB- as opposed to the wood tiles of classic Scrabble -RRB- that the slightest breeze -LRB- for example as someone walks by the table -RRB- upsets them . This frustrated my son to no end , and he gave up on this very quickly.THe scoring directions are also disappointing . Every letter is worth 1 point , and you either have 1 side of the board with some words already on it , or a blank board -LRB- no double or triple point squares , etc -RRB- . That takes the strategy right out of the game.Finally the board was way too small , or the squares were too big . The result was a very limited number of total squares , so the board filled up very quickly , even when using 3 or 4 letter words . Some people complain about a game that never seems to end . Well , I do n't particulary care for a game that is over in just 5 minutes.I plan to get a regular Scrabble game and simplify the rules so he can grow into it .
 I am actually returning this item because it is not at all sturdy . If the magnifier is not positioned exactly correctly it will tip over . There are much better helping hands out there for the same price or less . My suggestion would be to not buy one with a magnifier as it gets in the way anyway , but instead get an Optivisor or some sort of magnifier to wear that moves out of the way easily . I ended up going to my local jewelry supply store and buying two separate helping hands , which gave me much more versatility . The brand I bought is Ikohe , but there are many out there . Best to see it in person if possible .
 I was disappointed in the Deluxe Edition set as the tiles do not stay secure inside the grooves and it is n't as well made as others on which I have played . In other words it does n't look `` deluxe '' . I have other Scrabble sets from many , many years ago , but I wanted this edition for the turntable and separated grooves .
 My husband got this for my birthday . I have the old deluxe edition , but the turntable does n't turn freely anymore , so I wanted a new one . I love playing scrabble and have been playing for more than 40 years ! When I opened the box I could n't believe the poor quality of this game . I ca n't imagine this holding up for more than a few games . The board is flimsy cardboard mounted on a cheap plastic grid , and the letter trays are the poorest quality plastic I 've ever seen in a game ! What happened to you MB to produce this horrible quality product and then sell for such an exorbitant price ? You get what you pay for certainly does not apply to this item . Stick to the cheap model and you are more likely to get something usable . I hope I am able to return this item because I sure do n't want it .
 Everyone knows Scrabble , so I 'll review the quality of this product rather than the game itself.Everything about this is flimsy , the plastic base is pretty weak , not that this game is designed to take a beating . The cardboard board with its raised edges is also pretty poor.If you want a better quality version of this , look on ebay for an older version made from bakelite , it will probably cost the same anyway.For all it 's faults , it is just Scrabble and as I said , not designed to take a beating . I wo n't be rushing out to buy a better quality one from ebay , but one day , I will definitely do so .
 I was very disappointed in the quality of the Scrabble board . The tiles will not stay in place on the board . The letters slide all around . This was why I purchased the Deluxe Scrabble Game . It is not like the older deluxe versions when the tiles do not move when put on the board . I would not recommend this to anyone who wants a Deluxe version .
 Scrabble is my favorite game by far . It is a game that is different every time . It is challenging and highly entertaining.Unfortunately , Hasbro has decided to go cheap in the quality department . I have an older version of the deluxe game that is very high quality . The newer version is poorly made . It is flimsy and the tile slots are shallow.Anyone who ever played on one of the original flat boards knows what a huge improvement the recessed tile slots were in the original deluxe game . Now they are not nearly as deep so the tiles are not well secured and the board is about as stable as cardboard.One hopes that the manufacturers will go back to making high quality boards for this outstanding game .
 Do n't be fooled by the picture on the box ... . it gives the illusion that the board and tile holders are made of wood . -LRB- which is why we figured it had the almost $ 40 price tag -RRB- We were soooo disappointed when we opened the box . The turntable is made of CHEAP plastic . The slots for the letters are too shallow , so you will still spend time adjusting letters.The stand does split in half , so you do n't have to have the board 11/2 inches off of the table . The turntable works decently , but for the extra $ 20 , the `` deluxe '' edition is just a Deluxe Rip-off .
 So , you want to buy Scrabble , huh ? You were playing at your Grandmas , and you saw she had this cool version with a rotating turntable , wooden tile holders , nice deep pockets where the letters sit on the board . You decided to buy one yourself here at amazon . You ordered it , excited to have a high quality Scrabble in your own possession . You get it in the mail , you open the box , thrilled to own Scrabble , but then ... . the unthinkable !! This ai n't your Grandma 's Scrabble !! What they have done , is turn a nice idea into the cheapest thing they could come up with and still call it `` deluxe Scrabble '' . PLASTIC . Everything is PLASTIC . The tiles might be wood , I dunno I did n't bite them , but everything else is cheap , thin plastic . Does n't turn nice like the old version . And the biggest kicker of them all , is the board itself . Gone are the nice deep squares the tiles would sit in - where even if you bumped into the game or table , they would stay put . Now it 's shallow grooves , and you have to be careful not to turn the board to quicky or they 'll move easy.You 're better off buying an old one at a garage sale .
 We wanted to get the deluxe game thinking it was the same as the original plastic turntable scrabble ... WRONG . This set is so cheaply made . The letter holders are plastic and move around as you 're rearranging your letters . There are n't any holders on the game board so your letters fall out of their spaces pretty easily . And the board itself is just flimsy cheap plastic . Do yourself a favor shop ebay and look for the 70 's orginal deluxe board . That 's the only way to play this game .
 I played this game once and the minute i put the first letter piece down i thought to myself am i dreaming or is this the worst game I ever played . I mean really who can have fun spelling for 3 hours straight . If you want to play a better game i suggest Battleship or risk those are at least better then boring old scrabble . The only reason i could see someone buying this game is for firewood . Sometimes people say `` Oh it 's a classic and everyone loves a classic game '' Well guess what classic smassic I say out with the old on with the new . Well all in all if you are really trying to become a nerd a suggest scrabble DELUX edition.Your friendThe Z-MAN
 This is just my opinion . I think Scrabble is a horrible game . I got this game for my birthday . I was n't really interested in it . The same friend who bought me game came over . She wanted to play Scrabble . What the heck , I thought , it could be fun . We started playing . It was soooooooo boring . My friend loved the game , but I was n't having any fun . I would n't buy this game . I hope you have found my review helpful .
 This game is boring.All you do is spell words by using your letters to connect to a word that is already made.It gets kinda boring after a couple of games.You should buy Up Words , at least you can stack letters in that game .
 scrabble the game is great . the deluxe version for approximately -LSB- ... -RSB- feels cheap . it has a very thin plastic and carboard board with plastic tile holders . i was expecting something that felt more solid .
 No doubt about it - scrabble is a great game - but they have a lot of nerve charging the price they do for this piece of junk . The `` deluxe '' board is cheaply made and DOES NOT hold the tiles in place . I have the older version of the deluxe game and it is a true winner - whoever dreamed up this version ought to be fired - but probably wo n't because my guess is it cost them pennies to make and they are charging far too much for the quality that just is not there.You may as well just by the standard edition - because this one does n't hold the tiles in place either .
 We love Scrabble and thought it would be nice to have the fancy board where the tiles fit into the slots so they ca n't move and the built in lazy susan . Unfortunately , the latest version is a plastic piece of garbage . If you have played on the old version you will be shocked at just how cheap this is . We took it out of the box , were shocked , and within 2 minutes had it resealed for return . The profit margins on games are already obscene , this is yet another new low in corporate greed . And you wondering why the world is going to crap ? Here it is !
 I found the playing surface on the deluxe Scrabble board to be flimsy and uneven . The raised ridges , which are meant to hold the tiles in place , allow the tiles to slide out of position during play . The company needs to recreate the high-quality boards with turntables from several decades ago . They are still for sale on EBay , if you can get one .
 I could not believe this `` deluxe '' version was so poorly made . I have a previous deluxe edition and this one does n't even come close . The tile holders on the board are so shallow and made of flimsy plastic . The tiles constantly come out and mess up the board . The board itself is smaller , the turnstile is n't attached and the overall plastic on the board is cheaply made . I am so disappointed they charge $ 35 for this product and it is going back . I am getting the Onyx Edition from Barnes and Noble instead .
 This is a horrible , shoddy construction for something that used to be done so well . The grooves that are intended to hold the tiles in place as the whiz around on the lazy susan are n't tall enough to hold the tiles in place on even a gentle spin , thereby rendering the whole thing pointless . I ca n't imagine why they would have changed the construction of the board besides saving a few pennies . Clearly they never tested it on actual people before putting it in stores .
 I just recently moved away from home to go to college and for Christmas my mom got me the Deluxe Scrabble edition because we both really enjoy playing and her board by Milton Bradley that was only a couple of years old was great and a little better that her 80 's version of the board -LRB- better color , tiles , and tile holders -RRB- . When I opened my Parker Brother 's version of the board and played on it , I was disappointed . The board is made cheapley and the grid that the tiles fit on is now made of a flimsy plastic instead of the rigid deep grooves that it used to be . We had trouble with the tiles sliding out of the grid when the board was turned on the turntable . While it is slightly better than the gridless original version it is a big disappointment to find that they raised the prices and decreased the value of the deluxe board . Overall it is not worth it -- find a used deluxe board .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- Milton Bradley and Hasbro are out to reduce the quality of their product , just to make a fast nickel . The modern set is too flimsy for durability . The board is a one piece molded grid that BARELY holds the tiles in place . No acrylic grid over a paper board . The design is screened onto the surface.If Winning Games decides to make a turntable edition of SUPER Scrabble , will they make the board just as cheap ? Who knows ? I hope not.I would buy another Deluxe Edition if it were n't for the junky quality in these modern sets .
 One of the best games out there , but this version is far from Deluxe , and I agree with the other reviewers about disappointment with the VERY cheaply made board . I would suggest finding a `` classic '' deluxe edition on an auction site .
 There is no question that Scrabble is both fun and educational from kids to senior citizen adults but the `` quality '' of this alleged `` deluxe '' turntable edition leaves much to be desired!Besides being all plastic and the tile holding raised area only barely holding the tiles in place , the only plus side to the thing is the turntable feature but even this tends to do a sort of moving stroll so to speak and often has to held in place ! Very disappointing and hardly worth what is being charged for it which I in fact believe to be a grossly inflated overcharge!Some reviewers have commented on the older 80 's vintage turntable edition of the game and that was a decidedly superior product . This apparently updated thin plastic and so-called ` deluxe ' version is pure manufacturer sales hype . At half the price , it would still have been a questionable value ! The quality of the item is just not there although I will make clear this in no way detracts from the fun and educational value of the game itself.Doc Tony
 I 've been an avid Scrabble player for 25 + years . The game is amazing every time I play . I own a durable rotating plastic board from the 70 's and so when I purchased this new board I assumed it would be of the same quality . My mistake . Simply put , the board is junk . Flimsy plastic construction , an unstable surface and space separators which do n't hold the letters ruin the play of the game . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I was hoping for a durable , deluxe version that my kids could keep . Until recently , I had an older `` deluxe '' version , that was fine , but this version is real junk ! The board is made of thin plastic -LRB- but made to look thick -RRB- , the tile racks out of thin plastic -LRB- they used to be wood -RRB- and the tabletop out of cardboard with a plastic coating . Even the wood tiles seem to be made in a shoddy way . What is the point of calling this version deluxe ? Even the regular version is better !
 My Ma always enjoied scrabble and she wanted the deluxe edition so i got it for her on Xmas , to everyones disappointment , the game is all plastic or psuedo wood , the only real wood was the letters , the turntable thingy is complicated . I would reccomened scrabble . But NOT THIS VERSION
 this product is exteremely pricey i expected the premiere edition for this priceinstead i got a plastic turntable and a product probably worth $ 40-50 .00 save your money !!!!! i could not enjoy the game because it is so overpriced .
 I do n't understand why this was released as a `` deluxe '' edition . This board is horrible . It is made of cheap plastic , nothing like you would think for $ 30 . I was very , very , very disappointed in this . If you are looking for a good scrabble board , look somewhere else , because this is not the one . I have an old one that is great , but it is dirty and old , so i wanted somthing new . I am sorry I bought this . I guess it could be good as an occasional toy , but not for serious scrabble lovers .
 The turntable top is poorly made compared to the orginal deluxe turntable top . Looks cheap and feels cheap , definitely NOT worth the money .
 I was not impressed with this product . It is cheap in every way . The turntable and tile holders are cheap plastic . The tiles barely stay in the grid on the board . The pictures on the box and description make it out to be a nice game set , but it is quite the opposite . I 'm keeping my original Scrabble set and giving this model away .
 I have to say I was extremely disappointed when I received my copy of `` Deluxe Edition '' Scrabble and discovered that its components were actually of cheaper make than my old standard edition . I would advise finding a pre 1990 's deluxe edition used on Ebay where it will be less costly and far more well-built . The ` fancy ' wood tiles have no weight to them and the laminate causes them to easily slip out of your hands . It includes equally as shoddy plastic trays which for some reason make it harder to move your letters around than the old wooden ones . Finally , the board is simply atrocious . The `` raised '' grid that is supposed to hold the tiles barely functions . And the playing board itself is a cheap sheet of homely plastic . The only nice thing are the included score pads .
 This Scrabble set is definitely not worth the $ 145 I paid for it . As as matter of fact , it is not worth any amount of money . If you 're thinking of buying it
 For everyone trying to replace the hard plastic spinning model from 20 years ago ... Stay away from this ! It is cheap and cheesy . The board is made of molded cardboard with a plastic film on top . It 's not even well connected to the frame , which is a cheap replica of the orignial . I got this as a gift for my mother and waas truly shocked at the poor quality . Buyer Beware !!!!
 When I ordered this game , I saw that the box was advertised as Deluxe turntable Scrabble . When my grandchildren came to visit , I told them to set the game up while I finished what I was doing . I was so disappointed when I saw that it was not like my daughters Deluxe Scrabble game . The game board is flimsy . The board had a covering on it without the plastic covering like the one she has . The good board has a plastic covering over the board so the letter pieces are held place in much better . With this board , everytime you put a letter down , you have to be careful not to knock other pieces off . I called and was told I could return it which I did .
 I purchased this game believing it was very similar if not the same as the 80 's version ; it is not even close ... I then returned the game rather than deal with its inferior quality ... I later wrote the following to the manufactures . '' I purchased a Deluxe Scrabble game and later returned it when i found the tiles tend to slide along the playing board as the grid is not raised high enough to prevent this from occuring . Additionally the board is much harder to read than the previous deluxe version as the newer editions writing seems dull when compared to the older version . Basicly the operation , look and feel of the new deluxe game seems significantly lower in quality . What year did you start producing these newer -LRB- cheaper -RRB- versions of the deluxe game ? I would like to find an older one perhaps on the used market because this one is just way too cheap . Too bad product development had to change what was once a very good product . Incidently , I noticed this evening that I am not the only person who has complained in writing . The Amazon.com reviews of this game overwhelmingly portray the same story ; wish i had read them before i made the purchase . Hopefully someone will recognize this at MB/Hasbro and return the game to its older form or sell the rights to another manufacturer with a greater comitment to product quality ... ''
 It 's embarassing that the flagship Scrabble product in the US has been cheapened so much.Pros : * turntable feels better than ever * tiles & racks are decentCons : * board is paper-textured grid prone to getting dirty -LRB- permanently -RRB- * printing on board is dull and difficult to read in lower light conditions * tiles do not stay put * board surface feels flimsy and cheapI 've owned a Selchow & Righter deluxe board for over 25 years , and it is nearly in mint condition after more than 1000 games played . With it 's brightly printed and easy to read special squares sealed beneath the hard plastic grid which firmly anchors the tiles in place , it simply puts the latest cheap product from MB to shame -LRB- which I 've used at my local Scrabble club -RRB- . If at all possible , pick up an old turntable edition at a garage sale -- you 'll be happier , it will last far longer , and it will cost less . And if you play frequently , buy a set of Protiles -LRB- or some similar after market tile set -RRB- .
 Like many others here , I could n't be more enthusiastic about the game of scrabble , but this product is dreck . The primary reason to get the deluxe version is the board , which has slots to hold the tiles in place , and a rotating base , so each player can see the board right-side up during their turn . Previous deluxe versions , including the 50th anniversary version , had boards covered with sturdy , clear , molded hard plastic . Instead , this one is some sort of pressed soft plastic abomination ; it looks and feels cheap , but worst of all , it barely holds the tiles in place . On first play , my partner and I were constantly knocking tiles out of place , which simply does not happen on the earlier , clearly superior boards . Hasbro should be ashamed , diminishing the quality of this classic to eek out a few extra pennies a game . Why ca n't corporations leave good products alone?If you are looking for something truly deluxe , search ebay for the 50th anniversary version or earlier deluxe versions and forget this new one .
 This version is being phased out for the new diamond edition . Hence the outrageous pricing online.Cons : The board is made of flimsy feeling plasticBox is huge . Very hard to store if you are tight on space.Pros : Tiles are woodlooks niceAll in all it 's scrabble a fun educational game but you could get that with any version without spending over a hundred dollars . If you feel you must get this take a serious look at the onyx version for fifty bucks . < -- if you wait for the right borders or bn coupon you can knock it down another twenty five percent .
 Let me preface this review by saying I do n't think the game Scrabble deserves one star . I love Scrabble and the rating is only about the quality of this particular edition.My parents own the old Deluxe edition which I have played for many years . When my boyfriend and I decided to boy an edition of Scrabble for ourselves , this was immediately what I wanted . I love the ridges on the board , the turntable , and the quality of the trays and tiles of the old Deluxe edition.Sadly , this is a far inferior edition . And for the price , I this it 's pretty shocking.Problems : * The tiles are poorly made . Examples
 Scrabble is a terrific game-I am a college professor , and bought this version of the game to entertain some other professors at my house one evening . I love the turntable , but was very , very disappointed to find that the board itself is made of paper-not plastic like ones I have seen . Well , this board wo n't last very long . All someone has to do is spill a drink on the board , and it 's bye-bye $ 30.00 ! Be sure that you store this game in a cool , dry place.If you expect that this Scrabble version wo n't last very long , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I bought this game after my wife and I started playing Scrabble frequently . I thought that the rotating board would be more convenient than using our lazy susan . I also thought the raised grid would be great for keeping the tiles in place . However , for the price I paid , I expected much better quality . Upon opening the box , I immediately commented how cheap the plastic was . As I set the board down , the playing surface was very thin and was n't really attached completely to the base . It was very thin cardboard and moved up and down when you touched it . On the box , it appears that the tile holders have the information about the number of letter tiles molded into them . But , they are just stickers . I packed it all up and returned it the same day . If I had paid a lot less , I would 've kept it . But , it was just too poor quality for what I paid .
 I have been shopping around for the deluxe version of Scrabble for some weeks now -LRB- finally purchased but decided to see if I paid too much by checking amazon.com -RRB- . For some reason , amazon.com is overcharging for this item -- about $ 25 overpriced to be specific . You can find this same version at Barnes & Noble for $ 35 and at Toy R Us for $ 33 -LRB- as of 12/2007 -RRB- . An additional caveat
 This board is flimsy , the tiles move around , you have decals to attach on the plastic letter trays - just cheap looking . I am looking on ebay for the older Milton Bradley where the plastic top had the deeper indentations.This is nowhere near the quality and the same price - very disappointing - I would like my money back - Gee , I got it from Amazon?Do not buy this product if you are expecting the circa 1989 or so deluxe version of Scrabble from Milton Bradley/Parker Brothers ...
 As a big fan of Scrabble , I anxiously purchased the Deluxe edition for Christmas for my 10 and 13 year old , remembering the days of playing the old Deluxe version with my Mom . My anticipation and excitement was quickly replaced by surprise and disapointment at the cheap and flimsy board that I found in the box . What happened ?!?!?!?!? -LRB- ... -RRB- I do n't feel they put $ 10 worth of work into this thing . While still nicer that the standard version , it defintely comes short of the old version with the plastic board that keeps peices in place ; this one is a cheap imitation with a thin cardboard playing board with tiny ridges that is not even attached to the playing surface - there are actually waves in the board !! Very disappointing effort all around .
 This `` deluxe '' scrabble board was a huge disappointment for me . I used to have the previous Scrabble Deluxe board , which I purchased in the early 90 's , with the hard plastic board and raised edges for the tiles to fit in and I loved it . The pieces were all very sturdy and I was so pleased with it . I purchased this board as a replacement for my old deluxe board which I gave to my mom . This board is made of extremely flimsy plastic and the raised tiles are a joke . The tiles pop out of them very easily . The surface of the board is made a crappy coated cardboard I think . I would suggest finding the older version of the deluxe board on ebay .
 I enjoyed this new deluxe board because of its ability to rotate . However , I took it to a friend 's house and left it in the car for about 2 hours the result was not pretty . The cheap overlay that forms the surface that you play on melted and warped . Despite attempts to reshape it I had to trash the whole set . For fifty dollars I think the manufacter could have made a product that stood up to 80 degree day .
 I totally agree with every poor review on this game . I did not check the reviews before ordering as I NEVER THOUGHT Parker would go the so very cheap route.Tried to send them an e-mail . It would not go through . Have a feeling they know what we are going to say .1 Star is too much for this product!Poor quality -LRB- tiles do not stay in place , STICKERS for letter value , plastic is ready to crack right out of te box -RRB- Poor customer service -LRB- site says you can send e-mail but mail does not go through -RRB- .
 I just purchased this after years of playing on the old baord and also using the old version of turntable game . This new deluxe edition turntable is very disappointing !! It is very cheaply made and I can imagine it falling apart before the years end , the game board is not all one piece but the edges can be lifted up and pulled away from the board . the racks are plastic I see these as eaily get stepped on and crushed . This is a very poor quality game and would not waste my money on it again ! I plan to try and return it if the store will take it back .
 If you are buying this because your parents/grandparents/etc . have the deluxe edition and you want one too , be warned , this is nowhere close to as `` deluxe '' as their version . The board is flimsy , the racks are plastic , the turntable is fragile , it 's barely better than the standard game board . Look elsewhere for a slightly used version from the 90s . You 'll be glad you did .
 Is anyone satisfied with the `` raised ridges '' which are supposed to keep the tiles from slipping but do not ? Especially if you once owned the `` lock in place '' board , but lost it due to natural disaster , the only circumstance which would allow my Scrabble pieces to slip my grasp?I love Scrabble , but I hate this product.BRING BACK THE ORIGINAL `` LOCK IN PLACE '' PLASTIC BASE ! It was great ! Did it cost an extra nickel to produce in Indochina or something ? I 'll pay that extra nickel . Did people complain the board was harder to clean up after the game because you have to dump all the tiles or pick them out individually ? What idiot okayed this change ? NOT A SCRABBLE PLAYER AND CERTAINLY NOT A FAN OF THE FANS !
 DO NOT BUY THIS !!!!! All plastic , even the letter holders , A real piece of junk , Buy the cheap board version over this !!!
 I read the reviews and decided to try it anyway . The grids do not hold the letters . They slide around just like on the regular folding board . I love this game , but the board is horrible for the price . I promptly returned it . Will hold out for a better turntable board .
 The new `` Deluxe '' Scrabble makes you think that it will be as good as the one you used to play on , but leaves you with a piece of cardboard in a thin plastic frame . I bought it for my husband for Christmas -LRB- it was the only thing he wanted -RRB- , and was utterly disappointed when he opened the box . If Hasbro wants to manufacture a cheaper version , then they should advertise it as such . But some of us would like to have a board that you ca n't poke your finger through .
 I bought this deluxe scrabble board , thinking that it would hold my tiles in my place . I was WRONG . As other reviews have already mentioned , this ` raised ' grid is made out of flimsy plastic , and is hardly raised at all , so if you bump the grid a bit , the tiles still scatter . This was a total waste of money , and I should have gone and tried to find one of the older hard-plastic version . Beware !
 We bought this game b/c my husband 's a Scrabble freak . He used to own the Deluxe Edition and loved how it held the letters and turned . We were disappointed with the clear plastic molding that did n't really hold the letters . Add the fact that the turning mechanism caught every time you turned it and you have Scrabble tiles all over . We ending up returning it and using the $ 3 board I picked up from a rumage sale . My advice save your money and look for an older deluxe board that actually holds the tiles in place or just purchase a regular board . Just another example of things not being built like they use to .
 The game comes with `` LL '' and `` RR '' as if it would be one letter . That 's too old . In modern spanish , LL are two Ls and RR are two Rs .
 This game is just not fun . Too much of it depends on luck , even if there is some strategy . If you want a fun board game , get something else , this game is just boring .
 We received the game but it was n't what we ordered . We ordered the vintage game and received the regular &#34; cheaply made &#34; version which we paid $ 5 more for .
 Got this reel for my four year old son . Thought it would be exciting to view all the mean JP dinosaurs . It turned out to have more slides of actors and action scenes than anything . Very disappointed .
 I agree with the other reviewer . Truly flimsy piece of laminated paper that is supposed to hold the blocks while stacking.Horrible ! Ca n't make straight stacks . Kids confused on how to stack . Not recommended .
 Same game as the traditional Jenga . The new box is terrible . Does not come with a proper stacker . Very disappointing .
 I was so excited to play the game , until I found out you could n't stack it with the piece of paper . Then if you try to put it away , all the blocks fall over and there is no where to stuff the piece of paper they give you for a stacker . I sent mine back to Hasbro -LRB- on them -RRB- and asked for the old version . They refunded my money . I hope this inspires them to go back to the original .
 Jenga is a great game but this version ruins it . Instead of the typical plastic sleeve used for stacking the Jenga blocks at the start of the game , this version comes with a flimsy laminated piece of paper instead . This makes it extremely difficult and frustrating to create a straight tower at the beginning of the game . I would recommend purchasing the classic version instead .
 Jenga is a great game , but the packaging of this version of the game is awful . Not only is it much bulkier than it needs to be , but the stacking sleeve is so bad I might as well say it does n't have one . Get a different version of the game if you can .
 Um , how much did you save with the paper-thin stacker , Hasbro ? What a joke ! Stacking the tower tightly determines how high you can go ! It 's nearly impossible to do it right with this piece of paper ! What would it cost to use plastic or even a slightly thicker piece of cardboard that does n't bend ? 10 cents ?
 I had this game as a kid and LOVED it . So I was excited to buy it for my boys . However - right away we realized that the stacking sleeve is just a piece of thin cardboard . It used to be a nice thick plastic stacking sleeve . It 's almost impossible to stack the pieces . Also , my husband and I are convinced that they now use a much lighter wood - the pieces just do n't feel like they used to - overall , this game is USELESS . I do n't even think we played it once .
 I was dissapointed in this thing . Clearly made in China . The thing to set the game up is merely paper and does not work at all ! I saw the same one at Target for 1/2 the cost .
 This review is specifically to Model # 53557 . The hardwood blocks are cheap quality and lack any solid weight . Jenga is a fun game for the entire family . The game is meant to be played with solid dense hardwood not featherlight balsa-type wood . I would buy this product as a last resort .
 I went with all of the positive reviews on Amazon about this toy & I should not have . The design of this ride on toy is extremely poor . Steering ? Come on it does n't unless the child drags it in the direction it wants to go . It is durable yes & I am quite sure it will last a very long time.I would not suggest purchasing this ride on toy at all .
 I bought this for my son 's first B-Day and was rather upset with it . My son who is in the 75th percentile for his hieght could n't even touch the ground once he was sitting on it . Not to mention it is in no way stable , it tips over almost as soon as you touch it . It 's age rating is completely wrong it should be for a 2 to 3 year old . I do n't recomend this for anyone wanting to buy it for a child that is under 35 inches tall .
 I purchased this for my 21/2 yr . old grandson from a famous toy store at a higher price than offered here . The kids pictued on the box seemed to be having an enjoyable time . The instructions were not that great . There were 4 pieces called bushings that had no guidance for installation . I had already assembled the front wheels when I figured out the bushing was supposed to be on it . Too late , I could n't pry apart the assembled wheel to add it however it was applied to the back wheel . The handlebar grips were impossible to slide onto the bar . I had to rub petroleum jelly inside the grips and on the bar in order to assemble it with some ease . Once assembled , it looked ok . It was lightweight , somewhat flimsy but strangely had a durable feeling at the same time . My grandson was excited to try it out . He was the perfect size for it . Seems suitable for ages 2 plus to 31/2 . No longevity in my opinion . My grandson seemed awkward on this toy and had some difficulty balancing and steering since this toy had fixed straight ahead steering . He tipped over a few times -LRB- had his toddler helmet on -RRB- and often veered into the grass from the sidewalk and had to keep adjusting the direction of the motorcycle . I felt sorry for his effort . Not much fun to be had in this situation . The lights and sounds on this thing are pathetic , he did n't even know they existed until I pointed it out . After 10 minutes he ditched this toy and opted for his kick scooter which he is good at and throughly enjoys . Overall I am disappointed with this purchase . I definitely overpaid and do n't feel this toy is worth more than fifteen dollars . I do n't have storage space for unused toys so I will give it away or toss it out on garbage day . This was an impusle purchase while in the toy store . I usually do my homework on items before purchase . Hopefully this will help someone else .
 It is pretty flimsy ... . Cheaply made and it feels cheap too . My son is pretty agile for a 3 year old and the bike tips over when he rides it with a little speed .
 The front wheel does not turn . This is completely useless . It might look good in picture . However , it is a very disappointing product . I think it should not be on the market .
 My kids they got this toy as a christmas gift , they are not using it ... it is not safe at all for them they keep falling from it and I took it away and put it in the closet I do n't want them to use it , it is not safe do n't buy it .
 nonsense response from amazon . ordered the brand new item , they sent used one . my daughter was ready to play and when i opened it , it was all used one . i suggest everybody not to buy any stuffs directly from amazon.com . i asked for the compensation due to the inconvenience caused to my daughter by them . they did n't reply my query . worst costumer service from amazon.com .
 Missing tires , help ! how can I get two more tires , it was a gift for my grandson , I have no paperwork .
 I bought this for my 17 month old daughter after seeing it on the Today Show as a best buy for toddlers . Well I was so excited to get it and when we got it it was a total flop ! My daughter is very tall for her age -LRB- 33 inches -RRB- and it still did not work well for her , it also TIPS very easily . The description says `` sturdy '' it was anything but that . She did not even get to go outside with it because she kept falling on the tile inside . We took it back and got a 4 wheeled scooter . . much more stable . I am sure that this is a wonderful for toy for ages 2 + but it is not safe for the younger ones ... in my opinion .
 It 's useless , the front will does not turn . The product have a pretty good feedback , I red some of them , but nobody pointed that NO TURN FRONT WHEEL out . I did not pay attention , when I purchased it . DO NOT BUY IT !!!
 My son got this when he was about 2 and a half , horrible . He 's constantly falling over on his leg on this thing because it 's really unstable . It 's not just that he 's too little , it 's that any time he goes around a corner he ca n't hold it upright . I daughter has the same issue ... so meh . Looks fun , but really is n't truth be told . Go with something four-wheeled .
 This is motorcycle looks great in pictures , however it tips very easily and the stickers were not included in the packaging . A child can not ride very fast without tipping over . I do NOT recommend this product to anyone
 I got this toy for my 2 year old that loves motorcycles . I got it home and was surprised at the poor quality plastic that it is made of . First it had a dent in the side and I unable to get out and I was just completely disappointed in it . My little boy is n't even excited about it either . I will be returning it , because of the dent and my little boy does n't play with it . Definitely NOT a 30 dollar toy .
 So i bought this for my neice who was turning 3 . For one thing when i received this toy it was incredibly hard to put together . Actually let me correct that the tires were hard to put together . It looked incredibly small also . The age range for it said 2-4 so she was 3 i thought perfect . When she sat on it she looked like a big kid on a little kids toy . It didnt make noise , it actually didnt do anything and she ended up bending it by standing on it cause its made of plastic . Now there is this HUGE white crease in the middle of the bike from where it bent .
 Do n't waste your money on this toy . I have two 3yr olds that I brought this toy for . They could not ride it with out it falling over . The toy is two narrow and the wheels are not big enough to hold it up with a 3 yr old toddler on it .
 I was wondering why this was so cheap , it looked really nice online , now I know ! . It 's very small and the front wheel is horrible , it wo n't turn , and my son falls off it all the time . I read the customer reviews after we bought it and saw that lots of people have that problem . Next time I 'll check first . He likes it , but he 's always talking about how the wheel is broken .
 it was bent when i got it i am not to happy about it i could not even put the stickers on it because they where all f up
 I could n't agree more with the review on August 6 . If you do n't assemble correct the first time -LRB- which I did n't -RRB- you will ruin the bike . The problem is there are 4 small inserts that are designed to go in the wheel wells . Inexplicably the instructions fail to call this out in an obvious way . If you overlook the inserts -LRB- which are suppose to go in at the very beginning of assembly -RRB- you will ruin the bike upon completion of the very next steps . I 'm sure I 'm not the only one that had this problem and unfortunately wo n't be the last .
 I regretted this thing before I even finished putting it together . The assembly is somewhat intensive , requiring tools and muscles , and if you do n't follow the minimal , ambiguous , visual directions exactly right the first time , you will ruin it . This toy is cheaply made and badly designed . I bought it for my 18-month-old who is jealous of his older sister 's bike , but the wheels are too cheaply made to be useful outside . Although this bike fits him , he does not ride it , perhaps because the front wheel does not turn and the wheels do not roll easily and smoothly . His four-year-old sister , on the other hand , enjoys scooting it around the house . Go figure .
 I wish I had n't purchased this toy . IT IS A 2-WHEEL CONFIGURATION-NOT A TRICYCLE OR 4-WHEELER . It tips over very easily when they pick up their feet to push . My daughter fell over and hit her head on the wall . Right now it resides in a closet.It says for 1-3 yr olds . My daughter is average height . At 20 months she can still just barely reach the floor . I called Step-2 and they told me this is intended as a `` walker '' toy-not a ride-on !! I do n't know what value this toy could possibly have in teaching a child to walk . Besides , most 1-3 yr olds can already walk.This toy is really cute and maybe if your child has NEVER been on another ride-on toy then maybe you could teach him to use this one -- well supervised . I 'm returning ours .
 The quality of the product is not good . The plastic used for this product is very delicate . My suggestion is dont buy this product . It is not durable . Its looking good ... but not worthy .
 The toy was ok except it was not made very well and fell apart everytime we used it the spinning part was very hard to use but it only cost $ 6.00 It would have been a lot of fun if not for that
 There are very few toys that I absolutely hate , but this is one of them . ... the game has its good points -LRB- such as teaching sharing and taking turns -RRB- , but they are n't good enough to justify buying this game . There are other great toys that teach the same skills , and do n't tempt you to swear in front of your kids . If your kids are absolutely stuck on having this game , I 'd recommend stocking up on ibuprofen.And yes , it IS durable . Just what you want in your kids ' most obnoxious toy .
 Do n't let the cute duckies deceive you !!! Although this game is kind of fun , I highly recommend staying away from it until they come up with a volume control . It is the loudest toy I 've ever heard , and believe me , I 've heard a lot of them . You can clearly hear the game in our home if you are in the basement with the door closed and the game is on the second floor of our two-story home . Even with tape over the speakers on the bottom . And it plays the same `` Quack Quack '' sound over and over . There is no variation or music . It gives everyone a headache , including my 4 year old son , whom it was bought for . And if you take the batteries out to get rid of the sound , then the game does n't work . If you are thinking of purchasing this product , run , do n't walk , in the opposite direction!If Hasbro fixed the quacking/volume problem , it would be a fun game .
 I hate to write bad reviews but I do n't want people to waste their $ on this one ... the title of my review basically sums it up . My children -LRB- 21/2 and 31/2 would rather just sit and talk or ride bikes or stare at the wall then play this one ... the only time they take it out to play it is to pretend that their dollies are playing with it during which time they do n't even turn that annoying quacking on because even the dollies get annoyed by it .
 After owning this game for a shocking 3 years , I learned that if you leave the correct one of the three batteries out , then the game wll run but not quack !!!! The number of parents who actually entered a high rating for this painful game is stunning !! There must be a million and one better ways to learn to take turns and identify colors . The annoyance factor is about nine million . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 -LRB- ... -RRB- . it is the worst game in the world . i bought this for my 3 year old son and he hates it !!!!!! -LRB- ... -RRB- . my 3 year old already knows algebra 1 and earth science . we paly many games like stratego and risk . now this game u collect ducks . the first person to get the matching color of 3 ducks wins !!? -LRB- ... -RRB- . if u want a good game for your 3 yearold get History of the world . me and my son play that all the time . it is the best !
 We bought this game for our daughter , who was then 2 and loved ducks . Little did we know that all the cute little duckies do is QUACK INCESSENTLY at a volume that is totally out of control !!! I hate this game !!! Not only is it loud , obnoxious and repetitive , it is also possessed . The button in the middle that turns the game off and on has a hair trigger , and at any point night or day if anything so much as brushes against the box , the quacking starts again ! Arrrggghh ! A person only has to be ripped from bed at three a.m. to the sound of insane quacking before the batteries in the game mysteriously dissapear . Oh , and on top of all that , the `` educational value '' of the game ... color matching ... was so basic that it only held my toddler 's attention for one game , after which the only value to the toy was that it made a lot of noise and drove all the adults in the house crazy.The only positive was that it 's well made . These are quality plastic ducks , and you can jump on , toss , stand on , and beat the noisy plastic base and it will still work . Trust me , I tried !
 `` Santa '' brought this toy for my 5 and 3 yr . old . When we put the batteries in , we learned that the spinning part did n't spin without sticking many times per revolution . I called the company and they were kind enough to offer to send a new one free of charge . The new one worked , but again , after a time or two playing , the spinning bottom started sticking . I just gave up on the toy and the kids sometimes play with the ducks .
 Not only is this one of the most obnoxious toys my daughter has -LRB- the quacking is SOOOOO loud -RRB- , but it 's kind of a simplistic game that most children will tire of pretty quickly . I have to admit , however , that my daughter uses the ducks for other purposes , so it 's not a total waste .
 I do n't care how much a kid likes this game , the only way a parent can stand it is if you lock the kids in another room on another floor of the house and let them play it . It is so annoying ! Could they make the endless quacking ANY LOUDER ??? If you could turn off the quacking then it would n't be so bad . AAARRRGGGHHH ! Do n't buy this game if you do n't like noise . Even my kids said it was too loud . Buy this game for someone you do n't like !
 I have played many `` hangman '' games , and was looking forward to ahandheld electronic game I could take with me `` anywhere '' . BIGdisappointment . After I dissed it once , decided I really neededto `` try again '' to see if it improved with use ... It did not .
 I was disappointed with this game . I thought the letters you guess would be placed in the right position in the word . For example , if the word is `` fox '' and you guess an `` O '' the game would place that letter first . Then if you guessed `` F '' next , it would say OF _ . You then had to figure out what the last letter was AND unscramble the word . I purchased another Hangman product I liked much better .
 This is a piece of junk . Upon trying to insert the supplied battery -LRB- large watch style -RRB- the device would power up but reinstalling the battery door , something would short inside and kill the power . I spent an hour trying to bend the battery contact in unique ways to keep contact but it would never work . I finally was able to get it to work by folding up cardboard which would keep pressure on the battery but not to much then taping the cardboard into place with duct tape . I guess it works fine now that I have remodeled it . Buy something else .
 The game had different levels , but there was n't much difference . Some of the words were very easy to figure out at first . It did n't have much of a word selection so after you played that caterogrie a few times , you knew what the word was going to be by the number of letters it had . There are about five catergories you can choose from . Like farm animals . The game got boring after about 5 minutes with playing with it .
 it has know fun . no education . and is a wayst of time .
 Tubs are very small , holder is cardboard and it is more money than walmart . There is really not much more to say than that . Love playdoh . .
 I decided to skip a trip to Target or Kmart and just order a bunch of playdough online . It was disappointing to see that nearly half of the colors were already nearly dried when the package arrived . What 's worse , try explaining this to an excited then confused three year old . This is my first time buying from this supplier . I 'm hoping it was just a fluke . In their defense , I did n't send them a formal complaint since I did n't know how to do this via Amazon . I could only find the `` return '' option and within days , the entire ten color kit was useless . It was tossed , not worth going through the trouble of returning .
 Not sure if I got a bad box but the quality of these was so bad I threw them out . I have had store bought play-dough previously and it was elastic and fun and fairly clean . This boxed set was gooey and did not shape well . It just made a mess and was not the same quality at all .
 play-doh was hard hard had to throw it out could not be used children were disapointed had to go purchase more
 This play dough sucks so much . I used it to make a model for my school project , and a day before we had to present the projects it hardened and started cracking all over and the sides curled up really bad . Then I had to redo the project one day before . This sucks and I hate it .
 I feel robbed . The hippos never stay on the base plate , unless you use your other hand to hold them down . Out of 4 hippos , 2 work great , and the other 2 's levers stick nearly every time you try to grab a marble . It frustrates us to the max !!!
 This basically broke as I was putting it together . I am returning it and that horrible elefun game . Everything poor you read about this game from these reviews is true . I am going to buy the old version off that famous online auction site . When I was a kid it held together for more than one use . = -RRB-
 I remember playing this as a child and enjoying it a couple of times so I figured I would buy it for my children to play while I did things around the house and boy was that a mistake ! The hippo 's neck kept getting stuck in a `` locked '' position making it impossible for it to lift its head and grab marbles . This , of course , was very frustrating to my children who could n't figure out why the hippo hovered over the marble but did not `` eat it up ! '' . In addition to that ... the game is just too darn loud . I would not recommend this toy because it rattles the nerves !
 Just like most of these reviews , I was so disappointed to find that a childhood favorite has been cheapened so much . The BIGGEST complaint is that they think you are going to take it apart and put it back together every time you want to store it ? I do n't want it sitting out everyday after my son is done playing with it.And it 's SO cheaply made . The marbles are plastic and bumpy . They do n't come out of the hippos once gobbled . The hippo 's heads get stuck and do n't lift up like they should . I could go on but it 's mostly what others have said . I wish companies stopped trying to save a buck and just left classics the way they were .
 This is not the Hungry Hungry Hippos I grew up with as a child ! You actually have to assemble the game each time you play it , and disassemble it to put it in the box ! The hippos do n't seem to be level , making it very frustrating for my children when their hippo does n't ` eat ' any marbles ! Do n't waste your money !
 This toy is so cheaply made that it falls apart constantly while my children are playing with it . The hippos and their ball collection bins come off the board , sending balls everywhere . Also , it is difficult to get everything back into the original box for storage .
 This game has really gone downhill from what it used to be . It is now very cheaply made , the board is n't even one piece , and the marbles are n't even real ... they are plastic ! Sometimes the hippos come off the board while we are playing . It 's a very cheaply made game that was a waste of money . It does n't even fit into the box correctly . We were very disappointed and we are on the look out at garage sales for the original game .
 I recently purchased this game for my six and four year olds . I was initially excited only to be disappointed . First the marbles are now made from plastic and fly off the game board when playing . While playing the hippo heads get stuck in the lock position . There is n't anything on the bottom of the game to keep it from sliding around . You have to disassemble the game to put it back in the box for storage . For the price , it is not worth the hassle .
 I agree with a couple of the others reviews . This is NOT the game I grew up with ! These have light , plastic `` marbles '' and do n't a tenth of the weight the good marbles had back when I was a kid so they do n't roll as much . Even the hippos themselves are cheaply made . I was so disappointed with how it 's now made . Bring back the old game !
 I bought this game for my 5 year old son , because I remebered how much fun I had playing it when I was 5 . This is not the same game that I remebered , the marbles are cheap plastic things that are n't even completely round and the whole game would fall apart after just a few seconds of play . We tried 5 or 6 times to get it to stay together , we even tried taping it . Nothing worked , it was in the garbage after just 1 day of use . Do not buy this game !
 The Hippos kept coming off the base , the necks kept getting locked and the marbles did n't always end up in the tray . they ended up on the floor underneath the hippos . I do n't understnad who thought having 5 different pieces -LRB- the base and the 4 separate hippos -RRB- was a good idea .
 When I was a kid Hungry Hungry Hippos was thick , durable plastic that could take a beating . The marbles were real.The one I gave my 4 year old daughter this morning ? Cheap , thin , and flimsy with plastic marbles.Two of the hippos do n't work and the whole thing fell apart after 1 game.Don ' t bother buying it .
 I remeber playing this game when I was little and it was so much fun , so this year for christmas I bought my son Hungry Hippos . . I thought the box looked much smaller , but hey when you are a kid everything looks bigger.I just knew he was going to have fun , but after reading all the reviews , come to find out it 's not same game as it was when I was a child .1 -RRB- No actual marbles ? 2 -RRB- I have to put it together ? 3 -RRB- Falls apart and gets stuck?No thank you !! I 'm returning the one I just bought , luckily it 's not Christmas yet so he does n't know . Hopefully I can find the original somewhere because I know he would really enjoy playing.FYI Milton/BradleyCutting cost may seem like a great ideal , but look at all the bad press , unsatisfied customers and dissappointed kids you 're getting for doing so . . I 'm pretty sure I 'm not the only one returning this game just by reading the reviews .
 In the trend of making things as cheaply as possible to maximize profits , this toy wins a first place prize . As brand new and out of the box , the mouth comes off its hinges during play , the mouth gets stuck open , the balls get stuck inside and you have to disassemble it to get them out . It 's just too frustrating to play . Save your money - buy something else .
 fun fighting over balls , but not a very durable game . could be broken easily if someone gets too into the game lol .
 I loved this game when I was a kid . That is why I was so excited to buy this and play it with my daughter . Where did this game end up ? In the trash . The plastic `` marbles '' are worthless , did not roll correctly and the heads of the hippos fell off constantly . The whole thing was cheaply made . Unfortunately I do not have the one I grew up with . I agree with many of the other reviews . Save your money on this one . If you can find an original -LRB- not cheap plastic and plastic marbles -RRB- go for it .
 Four year old loves this game and frankly so do I. Hippos are poorly constructed and sometimes you have to do a timeout so you can fix them.If only they made it like they did 25 years ago . Such a delightful game ... if only ... And helloooo ... you have to pull the whole toy apart and deconstruct the already flimsy turtles so you can fit it back in the box.As long as I can stand it on the living room floor is how long we 'll play with it . Too much hassle to pull it apart .
 A few of the toys ordered were given a tracking # but was never delivered . Three of the six toys in the package were the hungry hungry hippos . when I called two weeks later to try to track it -- amazon customer service said they ran out of the toys . First , giving me a tracking # for the delivery was misinformation and afterall that waiting , I find out the inefficiency of amazon 's service . It 's almost Christmas and I have to go out to the stores to find alternative gifts .
 My son has wanted this game since he was almost 3 . At that time , we got him a knock-off version that was less expensive yet similar to Hungry-Hippos , but he soon lost the marbles to it . He still begged for Hungry Hippos , so we finally gave in and got it for his recent 5th birthday . He was thrilled beyond words and I must admit that his father and I were a little excited too , since it had been a favorite childhood game for us as well.Our excitement was very short-lived to say the least . The sturdy game from our childhoods is long gone . As we began to assemble the game , we noticed immediately that the hippos did not want to stay attached . The problem was much worse when we actually tried to play . The hippos were constantly popping off . And the marbles did n't want to roll quite right either . It was a big mess and a huge disappointment for my son . After several attempts at playing , it would always end up becoming too aggravating to keep it all going . So , now the game is sitting in the box waiting for our next yard sale.But , I guess you might say that my son learned a couple of valuable lessons from the experience . The cheaper knock-off version we bought him 2 years ago played fine and was constructed much better , so we have pointed out to him that the toy that gets all the advertising is n't always the best . And he also learned that sometimes the things you want the most and for the longest do n't always meet your expectations and are n't necessarily so great in the end !
 I bought this game for my four year-old daughter last Christmas because I always enjoyed playing it as a child . Ours completely falls apart whenever you try to play . The hippos fall apart every time you push down the lever . Very poor quality ! I do n't remember this happening to mine as a child . I would not recommend this game !
 I asked for new hippo head and they wrote back saying they did n't have any hippo heads at this time.Really ?
 I remember enjoying this game as a kid , but it must have been a much higher-quality product than this cheap rendition . From a kids ' perspective , it 's frustrating because the heads often get `` stuck '' in the extended position and wo n't spring back ; from a parent 's perspective , it 's a pain to assemble , and nearly impossible to disassemble -LRB- and you MUST disassemble it if you want to fit it back into the small box . Why they ca n't sell this in a larger box I do n't know , but I guess they 're saving money on packaging -RRB- . If you DO N'T manage to get it back into the box -LRB- which I only did once -RRB- , it must be stored as is , with no receptacle to contain the marbles , and a shape too awkward and bulky to fit easily on a shelf . I finally sneaked this thing away into my give-away pile , after only 6 months of use , and I hope the kids forget all about it .
 This game is made for small children , yet it is plastic and needs to be assembled and disembled in order to fit back into the box . It was difficult to put together without breaking any of the plastic tabs and very difficult to take apart without breaking them . It is not a game that a child could take out and play without first having an adult help them . And they definitely could not put it away . An impatient adult would likely break it the first time they tried to put it together or take it apart . The marbles are cheap plastic instead of glass and the whole thing is just cheap.I used to have one of these for my children and they loved it . But it was all one complete piece and came in a box that could hold it . It was of a much studier plastic and the marbles were glass . They used to have great fun with it and I was looking forward to my grandchildren doing the same with this . BIG DISAPPOINTMENT !
 Nice idea . I enjoyed this game when I was little but they sure do n't make them like they used to . I , a 28 year old , found this frustrating to use forget my 3 year old . We played -LRB- and by `` played '' I mean tried to play -RRB- it twice before I threw it out . More junk for the landfills .
 The plastic is flimsy . When my kids tried to get the marbles the hippos ' heads would get stuck . With all four kids going for the marbles the game looked like it was ready to break . I wish this game was made the same way it was when I was a kid . I 'd pay a lot of money for a good hungry hungry hippos game . This one just does n't compare to the ones they used to make .
 This item was so cheaply made ... not like the ones we played with ... that stayed together after multiple beatings and pounding . The marbles are too light -LRB- THEY ARE NOT EVEN MARBLES ... PLASTIC DOTS -RRB- and THEY get tossed evErywhere BUT THE HIPPOS MOUTH.The jaws constantly break apart ... piece of junk ... i threw it out ... not even safe or worthy enough for a donation . shame shame
 This cheap knock-off is nothing like the great game you grew up with . The pieces are flimsy , you have to take the whole thing apart just to store it in the box , the levers constantly stick , and even the marbles do not have the same weight they used to have . My son lost interest almost immediately ; the old game was much more durable and you could bang the heck out of it and it would not break . With this model , if you push too hard the hippos just fall off the base and you have to constantly keep re-assembling it . If you want your child to play this game and enjoy it , -LSB- ... -RSB- . If you are new to this toy , keep looking . Do n't waste your money -LRB- 17.00 !!! -RRB- on this lousy piece of junk .
 My son begged for this it was the one and only thing he asked for this year so i bought it , both of us were upset .2 hippos are tore up fresh out of the box the other 2 continually stick , and honestly without seeing the box you would think it was one of those imitation rip off toys you buy at the 1 $ store ... it even LOOKS cheap!This toy is being returned even with my sons request ! -LRB- and for a 4 year old to say return something you know its bad ! -RRB- great concept and maybe the old ones were good but if you cant play it , you cant have fun!I just ca n't believe this game is a liscensed product !
 I remember playing this game as a child . While it is not entirely educational , it was fun . I was very disappointed when my 3 year old took this game out of the box . It was not the quality I remembered . Each hippo was not permanently attached to the board , they only sit on the game board by placing two tabs in a slot . During a heated game with my 3 year old , not only do the hippos we are playing with come off , so do the others , then the marbles fall off of the game board and the activity comes to a complete stop . The marbles themselves are n't even marbles , they are plastic and are just barely enough weight to play with . I am surprised that the quality has gotten so poor with the passing years .
 My son wanted this game sooooo bad -- and I remembered playing it as a kid and enjoying it so I got it for him even though I had some reservations . Ugh ! The thing is very cheap , the hippos come apart , ostensibly to help you `` store the game '' inside the box , but the fact of the matter is they come off too easy , do n't store well , and nothing fits back in the box appropriately especially when a four-year-old tries to put it away . He does n't play with it that much and I think it might `` disappear '' into the attic for a while and if it 's forgotten , I can ditch it once and for all . Oh , and all you moms with babies out there , obviously the marbles pose a choking hazard AND it 's so darn noisy ! Spend your money on something else .
 Unfortunately I totally agree with all reviews regarding the cheap plastic and not being durable . It only took one match with my 5 year old to see that the heads would n't go up and over the white marbles . You 'll see exactly what we are referring to once you purchase & play . Then you 'll wish you simply kept the one you had from when you were a kid.The cherry on top was the box it comes in . Once you assemble the game together - it no longer fits in the box for storage . Surprise !! No place to store your game with all the marbles !
 I will NEVER buy anything from Hasbro . My son received Hungry Hungry Hippos for this birthday . One of the four hippos never worked -- pieces were missing from the box . The plastic is so flimsy that the other three get hung up and rarely work . You ca n't put the game away without taking the hippos off -LRB- no small task -- I have pinched my fingers several times -RRB- , and no child can do it alone . It is absolutely the worst toy we have ever had the misfortune of receiving .
 I was only 4 when it happened . This is a TRUE STORY . This really happened.My older cousin Kiana , was playing `` Hugry , Hungry Hippos . '' The game would not work and it fell apart . She was 6 . Her and her friend Darlene decided it would be a good idea to suck on some of the marbles . Kiana fell down and swallowed 4 marbles and was sent to the emergency room . Luckily , she survived , with a surgery resulting in huge medical bills.Kiana almost died from this , she was 6 . Hungry Hippos teaches NOTHING except for bad idea and horrible accidents.Please do NOT , NOT , NOT buy this for children under 7 . Infact , do n't buy it at all . I does n't work , and if it was 1 penny more cheap , it would be made of cardboard
 This is a poor quality version of the original game . The hippos get stuck constantly , the balls do n't roll well -LRB- since they are injection molded plastic with flaws from the process -RRB- , and the board feels like it is constantly breaking .
 Oh , Hungry-Hungry Hippo -- what did they do to you ? Instead of a solid playing surface they made it so you slide the hippos into slots to play . And they slide right back out , sending marble everywhere when you try to play . Seriously , the entire game is rickety , flimsy and falls apart even when you 're playing gently -- it feels like a $ 2 knockoff of the original . And to add to the frustration , once you `` assemble '' the hippos , you 'll never be able to fit it in the box again . Leaving you with a game for preschoolers that requires a new box , adult assembly each time it 's played , and regular monitoring to put it back together when it falls apart during play.A wonderful example of cost-cutting an item to the point where it ceases to work .
 If anyone is pining for a bit childhood wax nostalgia in the form of Hungry Hungry Hippos , I strongly suggest you steer your inhibitions well clear of the version lurking on the toy store shelf today.I bought this game for my four year old daughter because this was one my favorites from my childhood . What I pulled from the box was a horrible makeshift excuse for the game of the same name I owned circa 1980 . Today 's version of the classic frantic marble chomping mammalia game is a disgrace to its heritage . It suffers from the thinnest , cheapest grade plastic known to mankind , sticky hand pinching chomping mechanisms , and dubious low-grade marble launchers . That is , if one 's suspension of belief is sound enough to convince yourself that the little plastic white pellets on offer are , indeed , `` marbles '' . If these were the only infractions incurred to me by this bastardized version of the game I knew and loved so well as a child , it would be far , far enough . Sadly I can very easily go on , culminating with the outlandish claims on the box `` Same Great Game ! Easy Storage Box ! `` Claim number one has already been explored and soundly debunked.Claim number two is a fantasy . Once the game has been assembled completely it NO LONGER fits in the box . Easy Storage Box ? Who are you going to believe ? The Box 's claim or your lying eyes ? According to the instructions , when game play is finished one must decapitate the hippos and unhinge them from their plastic base to put them back in the box . How much unhinging can Harry , Happy , Henry , and Homer take before their shoddy plastic parts snap and break , particularly in the hands of a 4 year old?If your child is like mine , he/she has no difficulty in coming up with a million reasons why his/her toys are left scattered around the house . My daugther most certainly does not need this ill-suited box to act as an accomplice to her serial messiness . Oh well , at least Milton Bradley saved a few pennies by reducing the size of the box , eh?Having said that , though , aside from getting her hand repeatedly pinched in the chomping lever and fighting with marble launchers that may or may not work when pressed , my daughter loves the concept of the game .
 This was such a disappointment . They should have left the original game alone . It was sturdy and had real marbles . The new version comes apart while playing and the plastic marbles are lightweight and fly off the board constantly . I am searching flea markets and yard sales now for one of the old versions of this game . SAVE YOUR MONEY !! Do n't buy this unless they re-make it again and get it right .
 As a parent and having played this game when I was a child and enjoying it very much then , I have to say that the way that Milton Bradley has modified their old fashioned games is pretty bad . I remember the game when I was a child , the marbles were larger and the hippos as well , however playing the game was much more easier . In this one we found a lot of incoveniences.Examples
 Milton Bradly/Hasbro should be ashamed of themselves . Very cheap materials that do n't work right most of the time . I only gave it up to 2 stars because my kids have fun counting the marbles while I fix the hippo heads for the zillionth time during our 15 minute playing session .
 We have the same complaints as others ... this game is sooooo cheaply made , especially for the price !! The marbles are light plastic and seamed -- they do n't roll as well as they could . The hippos detach sometimes during play , one seems to not want to ever be attached . The levers get stuck sometimes , sometimes the balls get stuck in their throats . It is all very Flimsy . Trying to store it again is a joke.That said , my kids still like it . It is unbelievably NOISY , and I think that 's what they like , plus it 's very fast paced . I would never play it with a very competitive child , they would drive you nuts complaining about how their hippo was n't working right or whatever . The best part is flipping the balls into play with the springy thing , they pop really high.We play on a carpeted floor , so the board does n't move as much and stray balls do n't get away too badly .
 I bought this game for my five-year-old for Christmas because I enjoyed it as a child and because they were out of Moon Sand ! The game comes in pieces -- the square base , the four hippo bodies and four hippo heads . When you put it together , it does n't fit in the box . The instructions suggest taking the hippos off for storage . They have a picture of how to arrange it , but it does n't fit in the box that way . You can tell on the picture the pieces are hanging over the edge . So you have to take at least one hippo head off to make it all fit . Putting it together is n't too much trouble but the pieces are evetually going to wear out and not snap together . I do n't expect this toy to make it until next Christmas unless we find a place to store it out of the box.The game is really fun , parents will even enjoy playing it with the kids . Just do n't expect it last forever .
 I thought my son would have fun with this game and he did manage to despite it 's overwhelming flaws . The game is horribly cheap and it does n't fit into the box once assembled so in order to put the game away you either have to take all the hippos off -LRB- and they really are n't made well enough for that kind of repeated on and off -RRB- or buy something else to store it in . How hard is it to make a box that the finished game fits in ? Very flimsy did n't last long before breaking . A huge disappointment .
 Remember when us Americans used to be upset and would complain about the things that were made in Taiwan ? Bet you never thought you 'd see the day when you would wish things were made in Taiwan again ? This is a very poor attempt to resurrect a classic fun game that gave me , my siblings and friends hours of entertainment . First , the hippos and the board are no longer one piece . so in the heat of `` eating '' a hippo might pop off , play has to stop so that the player can reattach the hippo and start up again . That would be fine if it happens once a game . But after the 3rd or 4th time , kids lose interest and will just stop playing it . Try to find an original game board with the hippos fixed in place . It was more sturdy and you 'll be much happier .
 I agree with the other reviews that state that this game is made of cheap plastic and joints that cause the hippos to jam , the `` marbles '' to fly , and the tears to fall . Come on MB - you know the kids are going to hit those levers hard - that was the funnest part of the game when we were kids . This version actually has negative economic value to us and I would not only think twice before buying another MB game , but I will insist on opening the packaging to see the quality -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- before buying it . So not cool MB . Not only did you ruin it for my 4 year old , but you betrayed one of my memories and thus any affinity for your products .
 I just bought this game for my daughter , because I remembered it from my childhood . What a mistake ! The pieces that form the hippos do not snap in tightly . The necks and mouths of the hippos get jammed so the game is hardly fair . I wish I had my money back . I would recommend trying one of the fine games for preschoolers made by eeboo -LRB- Ex
 1 . Plastic `` marbles '' are too light . They fly way too high and sometimes off the playing field . They also get stuck inside the hippos at times .2 . The hippos frequently get stuck in `` locked '' position during play rendering them useless . Since they 're the key to the game , that 's kind of a big deal .3 . Sometimes the hippos fall apart while playing . Not really what you want to happen.I loved this game as a child . The current version is worthless . Do n't get this unless you love frustration and children crying `` it 's stuck ! it 's stuck again ! '' over and over .
 I have to agree with most other reviewers in how cheaply this toy was made . Big disappointment ! The biggest gripe is that you have to take the darned thing apart to store it each time . Are they kidding me ? With the money they saved on the cheap plastic , they could have spent on making the cardboard box a little bigger to throw the thing into after the kids are done playing it . Like another reviewer wrote , get an older model on eBay or at a thrift store , you 'll save a lot on all the aggrivation you 'd get from this new one !
 My 3 year old got this for Christmas and every time we play , we have to unstick the necks , reattach the hippos , or unjam the marbles . She gets very frustrated and wants me to fix it . How can I fix a shoddy design ? I 'm very disappointed in this product .
 it 's just as fun as you remember , and it 's fun to introduce your child to this game.But once you assemble the game it does not fit back into the box . So you are left with this cumbersome game and tons of loose marbles . Good luck keeping your game room tidy with this game.Also , the heads and necks get stuck . You 're trying to gobble gobble gobble but your hippo gets paralyzed . It 's very frustrating.The kids will have fun with it , but you might want to think about gobbling up a different game.And finally , our game arrived with the yellow hippos head ! Uggh !
 I used to have this game as a kid and my brother and I played with it all the time . I just bought one for my 31/2 yr . old son and it is awful . The plastic is cheap and we always have to stop playing because the hippo 's `` tail '' sticks or the head does not go all the way down to catch the balls . I have taken every piece apart and put it back together again following the directions exactly and we still have the same problems .
 My son received this gift for Christmas two years ago . I was very excited as I remember playing this game as a child . I was soooo disappointed !! It is definitely NOT the sturdy game I remember from my childhood days . The hippos tend to get stuck w/the handles down . For the adults ... not a problem ... but very frustrating for little ones . And the `` marbles '' do n't roll around very well . Overall ... not a good buy in my opinion .
 I was very excited to give this game to my daughter on her 5th birthday , since I played with one as a child . I was quickly disappointed . Hungry Hippos is not the same as it was originally . The original had real marbles which worked much better than the new light weight plastic ones . It also was a lot sturdier . About five times in our first game the lever that operates the hippos got stuck . This was very disappointing to my daughter who has no interest in playing again .
 I was excited to buy this for my kids since I enjoyed it as a kid , but they sure do n't make 'em like they used to . This really is the most flimsy , cheap plastic game I have ever seen ; and the hippos stick frequently . If I would have tried it first , I never would have purchaed this and I 'll keep this in mind for future purchases.I 'm not a frequent reviewer so something has to be really great or really crappy . I did n't even buy it at Amazon , I was browsing other games and saw it here and had to review it .
 I agree with the other reviewers :1 -RRB- Why make a toy that does n't fit in the box . This is a game children should be able to play by themselves but they need their parents to assemble the game every time . And , its not easy to assemble because the parts are so cheap which brings me to point two .2 -RRB- This game is made incredibly cheaply . Of course , I 'm comparing this to the original but the balls are so lightweight they float in and out of the hippos mouths .3 -RRB- My game came missing a part.If you ca n't get the original , its not worth it !
 We wanted a game our 3 year old daughter could play that was easy , fast and fun . Hungry Hippos is based on a simple concept - just push the lever on the back of the hippo and gather more marbles -LRB- plastic -RRB- than any one else . There 's little real skill or problem solving involed , but that 's what makes it fun , especially with a preschooler.The parts have been re-engineered over the years . The game I remember from my childhood was a single assembly with glass marbles . This unit , after assembly , is really 5 pieces -LRB- 4 hippos and the base -RRB- that slide together when you want to play , then come off for storage . The problem is that the detachable hippos come off too easily , even when the board is slid or bumped hard . Also , the lever mechanism that extends the hippos neck and opens the mouth is of very poor design and often hangs up , which infuriates our daugher.For now I plan on permenantly attaching the hippos to the base with either screws or glue . Hopefully the mechanism will `` wear in '' with more use.I 'll keep my eye out for the older version of this game at local garage sales . If I find one , this new one will go in the trash .
 Not the Hippo game you played as a child because this one FALLS APART like crazy . CHEAP !!! Kids loved til they got sick of it falling apart . Too bad ...
 I LOVED this game as a kid so you can imagine my excitement for my little one to play this game . Was the construction this cheap back in the 80s ? From the start , one of the hippos did not work at all . Another hippo 's head moved but the head did not lift off the board so it just pushed the balls around . This game really is a classic . I hope that they will `` upgrade '' the game so that it can really be enjoyed .
 Why is it that companies who decide to reissue classic games from the 50 's , 60 's and 70 's seemingly ALWAYS do so using the cheapest of plastics ? Gone are the days of thick precisely engineered plastics , strong metal supporting parts and ready-to-play-out-of-the-box sturdy construction . Instead , we get cheap inferior versions -LRB- Spirograph -RRB- and flimsy `` assembly required '' thin plastic versions that do n't work properly -LRB- Hungry Hippos , Hands Down -RRB- . C'mon folks , we 're talking PLASTIC here ... the stuff is plentiful and inexpensive
 Very cheaply made , hippos do n't stay attached.This was a christmas gift for my kids -LRB- 4 & 5 -RRB- and even though they play with it -LRB- rarely -RRB- , it getsfrustrating when the hippos constantly fall off . Andwhen you wack the hippo a few times , it gets stuck andwo n't open to accept the marbles . Definatly not worththe money . Too bad they do n't make it like they did ageneration ago .
 I had this game as a child . I remembered how much fun it was , how my sister and I would fight over which one of us got the Pink hippo . -LRB- Ha ha -RRB- I also remember that when it was only the two of us playing , we would both control two hippos -LRB- using both hands -RRB- . That would be impossible with the game now.This game was at the top of my daughter 's list for christmas last year , and she did receive it . When I saw how small the box was , I almost thought her grandfather purchased the wrong game . It is definitely not made the same way it was back when I was a child . Back then the board was all one piece , and made of a harder plastic . We even added our own marbles to the game and it held up quite well even with the extras . The game now , barely stays together , it comes in parts that have to be assembled and taken apart each time you play . The hippos get stuck and you have to stop the entire game to fix it or else someone will get hurt trying to fix it or they get left out if they let it go.I am extremely let down by how milton bradley has cheapened this product , and I feel its definitely not worth spending your money on .
 I loved this game as a child and wanted to buy it for my 3 year old son . Great game , now made into a piece of PLASTIC GARBAGE ! . The light weight marbles are terrible and the heads of my hippos do n't even lift up most of the time.It 's truly a shame they have to ruin these type of games with cheap materials .
 We recently purchased this game for our five year old 's birthday . I remembered the game from my childhood and knew he would love it , too . It turns out that Milton Bradley has gone el cheapo on making this game . The game itself is very ugly and cheap looking , the balls are all white -LRB- the used to be orange or multi-colored -RRB- , the pieces barely fit together enough to even play , the marbles get stuck in the hippos throat -LRB- which requires that you stop play to clear the hippo out -RRB- , the hippos mouths do n't open very wide , and they push-pedals constantly stick in the middle of game play . The box that the game comes in is also very , very thin and flimsy - which is a real problem with a game that is comparatively heavy . We had to duct-tape the box before putting it away after the very first play!I would never , ever recommend this game to be purchased by anyone . I just do n't understand it . What happened to the Hippos ?
 This game is not as well made as we older people remember it . One of the heads on the hippos will not even lift up when the lever is pushed and one of them will not retract after the lever is pushed . My daughter likes it if we are the only ones playing because two of them do work . But it does not work like I remember it .
 I agree with the others about the hippos getting stuck , not lifting their heads , etc. . Only the youngest toddlers get some fun out of this , basically making noise , and eventually getting the plastic marbles . Since the hippos are not all working the same way , older kids who are more competitive will argue and fight for the better hippos and this takes away from the fun . I usually just settle for the worse hippo , the one that gets stuck and rarely lifts his head , just to let my toddler win . I tried filing the hippos ' jaws to make them more rounded and more likely to open , but it seems to only help a little . There is a small educational value in learning to count . But any child that is old enough to count will quickly get frustrated by the uneven performance of the hippos .
 This product used to be fun when I was a kid . I just bought it for my kids , and I am tremendously disappointed . Initially , I thought it was going to be okay . The instructions were decent , and it went together fairly easily . The first red flag was when I took the marbles out - they are plastic ! Who ever heard of plastic marbles ? Then , once we started to play , it became apparent how cheaply the game is made because the hippos kept getting stuck and had to be fiddled with to work again . That was when I first started considering returning it . The icing on the cake was when I tried to put it away . I think you may need the fingers of a child and the strength of a man to partially dissassemble the game to make it fit back in the box . It has small plastic tabs that were snapped into place to put it together , and then have to be pinched to be released to take it apart . The only problem is that it clearly was n't made to be taken apart . I would love to see my husband trying to do this . He would n't be able to fit his fingers in , yet there is not way my daughter could do it either . Cheap , cheap , cheap.I am becoming disappointed with Milton Bradley/Hasbro toys that I have bought in recent years , such as Mousetrap , Cootie , Do n't Spill the Beans , etc. .
 definitely not as sturdy as the one i had when i was a kid . this one broke as we were putting it away in the box after using it for the first time on christmas morning . it seems really cheap . think i 'll give my old one to the kids instead since it 's held up better than the new one .
 My daughter always wants to play with it , but the levers stick , the hippos fall off , etc. . . You also have to take the hippos off in order for it to fit back into the box . They are very easy to take on and off , but because of that , they also seem to slip off during play sometimes . Maybe it 's our carpet , but it 's the only place she has to play . As for marbles , they only give you 1 extra . My daughter is very anal about storing things back , and even with that , we constantly lose the marbles . The last thing is that she loves to play with it for a couple of rounds , and then it bores her . I do like the game , but lately I am much more into quality and durability of games.I 'm trying to minimize the amount of junk we have , and I ended up getting rid of this game . It just constantly needed attention when she played .
 This game is the worst . The hippos get stuck if you push with any kind of force , the game is a piece of plastic junk , and I would n't recommend this if I was being paid to .
 This game is manufactured differently now then when I was a kid . The hippos have to be removed to pack it into the box , if you can even get them to fit . The plastic is cheap and one of the hippos would n't even work when we first took it out of the box . Definitely do n't understand how it 's supposed to last over time , especially considering the object of the game . Very disappointed .
 This toy was a disappointment because : * The balls did not roll around the hippos evenly * There was so little skill requirement involved * There was so little variability in the rounds * There was so little excitement generated
 If you are one who has either owned or played with the old style game , then i recommend you not waste your money on this new smaller cheaply made version . You will be totally dissapointed . The buttons are way to close together and it is very HARD to READ THE SCREEN , especially the HOLD under the dice . Theres nothing worse than hitting the role button only to find out that that high score you thought you were finally going to get is not to be.Even though you hit the HOLD button you didnt notice it not displayed under it before it was to late .
 All of the positive reviews here are based on previous models which provided much more `` bang for the buck . '' I was extremely disappointed with this new model - the buttons are nearly flush with the unit and too small and close - IT IS NO FUN FOR ME .
 This new design is terrible . It is hard to hold , see and very cheaply made . It only lasted 2 weeks before breaking . The old design is a great , durable game that lasted a couple years .
 Fantastic Time Killer - But poor materials and design led to failure of the product in less than two months - Also the price increased almost 100 percent - NOT RECOMMENDED
 The game itself provided over two years of fun and mental stimulation to 2 senior citizens . After ordering a total of 4 games from you people and finding dead batteries in three of them we have given up on our favorite game . I doubt that this review will be posted . Shame on you for not posting this and more to the point , shame on Hasbro for not at least pushing the `` Try Me '' button before packing and mailing the games out .
 Keys are flat and hard to use . The 2 units I ordered/received DID NOT MATCH what was pictured on the web page , now showing these awful units . I talked to a rep who promised to make it right and go two more of the white inferior units which are in the process of being returned . I have printed off a return postage label and will expect my FULL price refunded as all 4 units are unopened . Otherwise , I will contest my credit card . I have done a lot of business in the past and am still a loyal customer , so I think you will do the right thing and a little gift certificate for bringing this to your attention would be nice too.James D. -LRB- Denny -RRB- Ross
 Received one of these as a gift around six months ago . I have had several since the original Milton Bradley ones were marketed . Loved them and they all died of old age and use . None were like this thing . The switch buttons are too small and too closely spaced . Might be easier to play if you have fingers the size of pencils . Likes to erase your high scores when it wants to and sometimes just stops working . Checked the Mercury Cell battery and it 's holding up far better than what its sitting in . Ca n't find new original design ones anyplace . This thing is more frustration than it 's worth . JUNK !
 I am very disapppointed with the performance of this electronic game . It was a little pricy to begin with for an electronic hand-held game and seems to be malfunctioning pretty often -LRB- I purchased it `` brand new '' about a month ago -RRB- . I will be in the middle of a game & the system will clear itself completely & erase all of the points I have racked up . Needless to say it is quite frustrating . I replaced the battery on the mechanism , as I thought that may have been the problem , however it continues to malfunction . My suggestion would be to not purchase this item . Sincerely , Very Disappointed .
 The picture shows the nice gold model . What I recieved was n't even close to that ! I got some white cheap model ! Amazon is refunding my money , but be careful when you buy !!!
 I purchased this game for my daughter because I thought it would be educational as well as fun . I remember playing it as a child and it really did make you think . However this version is an extreme disappointment ! The tiles are so thin that you can see right through them . We 've even tried playing in a room with lower lighting levels but we could still see through the tiles . Give me a paper and pen this was a waster of .
 You can totally see through my tiles . I bought mine a couple of years ago . Model number on box says , 04623 . Looks to me like there was a bad batch of them made . When I was younger , I had one that was fine.The game is fun , reasonably priced , and educational for the kids as well.I like it because it does n't take long to play , and several people can all get a turn within an hour.I have written to Hasbro regarding the tiles . Not sure why I waited 2 years to do so , but hopefully they will make good on this problem .
 The tiles are transparent . There is absolutely no guessing the word your opponent has chosen because you can see right through the tiles . I took masking tape and put several layers over the back of the tile and I could still see through it . I colored it with a permanent marker and could STILL see through it . My mom can play with my daughter in her basement but that is about it !! Would not recommend this item to anyone unless you have money to throw away .
 We are a family that loves games ! This game appears to be educational , but has NOT been fun to play . The little tiles are n't easy to deal with , and the cheap plastic set-up leaves much to be desired . Save your money and play hangman on the chalk board .
 This game is fun for three-year-olds , who just like to practice putting the checkers in the slots . I suppose it teaches a certain manual dexterity.There comes a point in the life of a Tic-Tac-Toe player when he or she figures out that it 's impossible to lose . After that , the game is no longer any fun . For me , the same is true of this game.We must have one of the sturdier versions of the game . My daughter played this game as a child , and now her son is playing with the same one . No parts have broken , and the slide stays where it belongs .
 this item is awful . like tick tac toe , except not as fun . It comes apart ina second and is babyish .
 I 'm very upset about what I got . I was at a friend 's house playing connect four with his kids on an original set . I wanted to get the same thing for our kids who are old enough now to play this great game . UNFORTUNATELY this is NOT the original game as shown in the picture ! The board is smaller but also the pieces are inset so far that you lose feel of the play . Also , the bottom row -LRB- which is so crucial to the game play -RRB- is made of this stupid wavy thing that allows for `` 3 ways to play '' . Listen , if I wanted 3 ways to play I 'd ask for it . I want friggin ' connect four . Why fix what is n't broken !!!
 Just so you know before you buy - the pictures may show the classic version , the feedback may relate to the classic version , but seller Bravofun does not ship the classic version - they ship the newest version , with `` 5 ways to play '' , at a higher price than you can buy it from other sellers on this site .
 I had this game back in 1978 , when it was a big 16.25 inches wide . The box I got today was about 9 x 9 inches square . Milton Bradley has severely downsized this game and it looks much less structurally sound than the game I remember . The game may still be fun to play , but the picture and size description here on Amazon do not give an accurate representation of the game being delivered . Shame on Milton Bradley for the weak new version and shame on Amazon for failing to update its image . I will return this and find one second-hand . I want the original , big , sturdy version again .
 This game is a fun and quick game for two , but I would only value this game at less than $ 10 . The construction is too cheap and flimsy . The two supporting -LRB- blue -RRB- sides have holes to slide and attach to plastic tabs on the yellow game board . The tabs break easily and then the game is no longer usable . It would also be good to have extra game pieces included as some may be lost . To replace mine which had lost several game pieces and now has broken tabs , I am looking for a cheaper alternative or , even better , one that is built better .
 Despite the big price tag , I ordered this game because it was the original game I remember playing as a child . $ 28 is pricey for a board game but everything old is new again and it 's the original vs. the new and improved that I wanted to gift to my niece and nephew . Unfortunately that is not what I received . I was sent the Connect Four with 5 ways to play.To add insult to injury , the game that I did receive costs less in a different Amazon listing -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Connect-4-Five-Ways-Play/dp/B003IT7AK8/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid;=1356126875&sr;=8-4&keywords;=connect+four -RRB- . I also noticed that the description for the game says the seller is &#34; Time to SAVE &#34; and fullfilled by Amazon but the actual seller is &#34; Goodwin Goodies &#34; as per my account : past purchases page.The game I 'm sure is fine . It 's the incorrect listing and price that I am reviewing . Hopefully this review will save the next person from disappointment .
 The seller here is pulling the ol' bait and switch game . The product pictured is the classic version of Connect 4 with standard sized checkers . What arrived was a small square box with a smaller version of the game . I will be returning it . Amazon should not allow sellers to pull this type of cheap trick on people .
 I thought I was purchasing the classic Connect Four game board with the yellow and blue board and black and red checkers . Instead I received the new `` improved '' version of connect 4 that is sold in most stores . The board is much different , even though the concept remains the same . The old style had personal sentiment to me , a reminder of the times my mother and I would play before her early death . Next time please do not advertise the classic game with the old style picture and then send something else . I was not pleased at all .
 We were feeling nostalgic for the classic Connect 4 game and bought this for game night . Unfortunately we were unable to play with it because it was defective out of the box . Pieces would get stuck halfway down the board . The two walls were too close to each other , preventing the pieces from falling to the bottom . The box arrived in new condition so it was n't like the pieces were crushed . . just poor manufacturing/quality control . Quite a disappointment . . returned for money back .
 This seemed like a good deal - a game for the car . But , the game is too small to work correctly . The balls do n't bounce enough and you always have to be moving the base to catch any balls . Wish I would have just bought the full size version for the kids .
 This game does not even work right . The hippos mouths do n't go up all the time which just makes the neck come out and push around the balls . The balls get stuck everywhere and make it difficult to play . It 's just plain junk . My son was very disappointed about it not working .
 for a travel size its a good size , but it really does n't work very well , the hippos do n't open the mouths well at all
 tiny and impossible to play because you cant control the balls ... wtf . . . the idea was cool ...
 Difficult for children to play . The noise is the most entertaining for the grandchildren and the most annoying for everyone around them .
 I bought this game for my 6 year old niece . It broke within an hour of her playing with it . -LRB- She 's not a kid who plays rough with her toys , either . -RRB- Actually , the heads of both hippos came off , and could be put on again . But the heads come off again as you play with it . At least I did n't buy the full-sized game !
 Purchased tonight . Going back tomorrow . One hippo does n't open his mouth all the way and ca n't get any marbles ... . Think I 'll get the full sized version .
 I got this thinking it would a great little toy for my toddler , but i could n't even get the hippos to ` eat ' the balls . The mechanism keeps getting jammed , the balls keep getting stuck in between the hippo and the plastic dome ... i got frustrated with it so i could only imagine the melt down with my child . It does say 4 and up , but i am well over 4 and i couldnt get the toy to work . waste of money , get the real one .
 I would not categorize myself as a ` hardcore ' puzzler , but I do enjoy putting puzzles together , usually as an after dinner activity with my wife . This puzzle , however , is all frustration , no enjoyment.After nearly two hours of work , my wife and I had the frame complete . We then sat and stared at each other and our sorted pieces , trying to figure out the next step . The puzzle is made up of tiny pictures of Elvis , all of which are in varying shades of black and white . There is very little variety in the photos , so you 'll see many repeats as you squint at the pieces . All this to say that there is no context for where the pieces go , in relation to the puzzle as a whole . Other then brute trial and error , I ca n't see how you would go about putting this together . Even if you finished the puzzle , I really do n't see how the process could possibly be fun.Unless you are a glutton for punishment , skip this frustrating puzzle !
 I did n't think that 4 pieces was worth $ 16 . My nephew liked the toy but was bored with it quickly .
 My four year old begged me to buy him power rangers ... and i bought two of these and I was really disappointed . They are all in peices now . I did n't know that ever body part came apart to you can do whatever you want with them . I think my son would have perferred an action figure that did n't come apart while he was playing with it as what it should be intended to do .
 My 7-year-old daughter LOVED this game . Too bad it completely stopped working after 5 weeks .
 I got this as something to do during my downtime at work . I work at a desk and am not allowed a laptop or cell phone , so this seemed the perfect fit . I remember playing with it on plane trips I made with a sales company I worked for years ago . I is good for passing the time . Maybe this particular one was just on the shelf too long and the battery died quick , but I expected better longevity , especially at the price I paid .
 This game turns around too fast to get the ball in it 's mouth . My children of 5 and 7 did not like this game at all .
 After one Week of tripping over it . It 's now in parts in two different toy boxes . I bought in on sale for Christmas and I stilled payed to much ! Hey but the putters made Great weppons for the young ~ ens ! :--RRB- LoL !
 Works okay for storage , but so would any bag or box . Had to replace the first one I got because the latch was warped and would n't stay latched .
 I bought this item because I could not find a hot wheels carrier anywhere . When I did find it somewhere it was cheaper for me to buy this one and have it shipped than it was for me to go and purchase it from a retailer . I filled it with hot wheels and my grandson carries it everywhere .
 I am actually returning this box because it is way cheaper at any other store !!! For some reason I thought it came with cars so I was willing to pay twice the price that its worth so I was really disappointed when I received it .
 I ordered this product for my son for christmas on Dec. 16 didnt get it untill jan.the car case was a important part of my sons christmas since i bought cars to go in the case .
 I am very disappointed that nowhere does it say that does not include cars , in fact appears in the photos with the cars . Surely there are much cheaper boxes .
 My bro slamed his case you the wall and it broke into a million pices!Even one of his cars broke.Plus no cars came with it . but cool case look .
 I bought 2 of these so my son would n't leave cars all around the house where I could -LRB- and usually did -RRB- find them at 2 AM by stepping on them . One case was fine , but the other had a bent lid that did n't latch . I did some low-tech bending of the plastic lip so that the latch would catch the wedge on the side of the case , which seems to help , but I would n't rely on it not coming open while going upstairs . The easy solution was to teach my boy to carry the case horizontally . Still , they work and hold most cars in a neat and orderly fashion .
 I was so excited to get this for my son and his many cars , but the large sticker on the front of the case had a huge crease down the middle and looked cheap . Returned it .
 What they fail to tell you is that the `` styles vary '' means that some cases only have 12 slots . So you have to put 4 cars in one slot and let them scratch each other up . When they say 48 car case - I EXPECT 48 slots so the cars do n't get messed up . Returning product and very disappointed .
 I purchased this case for my 4 year old nephew . He loves matchbox cars and he loved this case however the hinges on the door are crap!the case door keeps falling out of it 's hinges and my nephew is n't very coordinated and is unable to put back together.Needless to say I returned this product for a full refund and purchased a Lightening McQueen car case for 1/2 the price ! He loves it and the hinges stay intact . Note
 This is not a good way to store Hot Wheels . A lot do n't fit in the slots , and the ones that do fall out when you open it . Bummer .
 Once the 2 sides of this case come apart they never stay back together . It looks like it 's supposed to snap on and off but the plastic does n't stay the same after . Not so good for the younger kids that like taking things apart . Also , the way that it shuts is n't so great as it 's not reliable .
 I 've actually ordered this product 4 times ... the first 2 times I received exactly what I expected
 This case is ONLY good for the flat matchbox toys . I had purchased it hoping to put my son 's matchbox , hot wheels , and other similar cars in it . The slots are too small for almost all of his cars . It has a larger slot in the middle that I can use but it only holds 1 car/truck , so essentially I can only put 4 of his cars in the box . I guess the clear plastic box will be coming out as this is n't worth anything . Save your money if you do n't have JUST the small flat hot wheels toys .
 I have found other car Carry cases made by the same company are better , they can hold larger vehicles , such as Semi 's and limousines . This case can not hold such large vehicles , its good for most other cars . Its ideal for larger cars like vans and truck but its not that suitable for cars , it has too much room . They can becomed scratched and what not .
 There are n't really 48 slots . Some cars are thin enough to fit two in one slot . That means that with one car in them , they knock around and with two cars in them they knock into each other . At that point , what 's better about this than a shoe box?At least in a shoe box , you can tell which car is which . In this you can only see the front or back tip , whichever end you choose to stick out of the top of each slot.They have the old tire shaped case for twice this price , but I prefer it.This case looks like it 's about the same size as the old cases with two trays inside . Those were way better than this is , though .
 This product arrived with some scratch marks on the back of it . I returned it and received a prompt refund . Had to buy a more expensive one due to needing it right away .
 It is beyond me why this company would design a case where the cars are not secure when a toddler picks them up . If the case is n't completely closed then the cars will go everywhere as soon as it is picked up . When I was a kid , you could find cases where the cars sat in stack-able boxes horizontally . This storage system is vertical and there is nothing to secure the cars . Stupid , stupid design .
 It does n't clip close unless you use force my 5 year old can not close it himself and it always.pops open when he tries to carry it ... Junk
 I thought my three-year-old car enthusiast would love this . He hates it ! He pulled the cars out faster than I could put them in . I finally figured out that he like to view his `` collection '' and bought a clear-viewed sorter for him .
 THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE SAME CHAIR IN BLUEI was very taken by this chair in Babies R Us when we registered . It looked cool -LRB- or , as cool as a baby rocking chair can look -RRB- and after a long day of shopping was quite comfortable.However , after getting it home the euphoria lasted about two days.First , it was the squeaking . Oh , for the love of all things holy , please stop the SQUEAKING !!! At first I tried to readjust the chair . Then it was the WD-40 . Then more WD-40 . Then I gave up.Secondly , the pad for the chair had a 2 to 3 inch gap on one side.Overall , for the money , this chair should be avoided .
 I would absolutly NOT recommend that anyone buy this chair and ottoman set . It is VERY poor quality and definitly not worth the price ! I had tested this chair in a BabiesRus store and it felt pretty comfortable . I ordered the sage gingham one from Amazon because BabiesRus did n't sell the green color at the time . At first when I received the chair it seemed like it was pretty decent . But when I received the ottoman and was able to use the two pieces together , I was horrified at the quality . Here are the problems I encountered with this set :1 . The chair sits lower than the ottoman because it 's softer so when you put your feet up on the ottoman , your legs and feet are on an incline which was n't very comfortable . We actually put a piece of plywood under the chair to try and make it even or higher than the ottoman , but it still did n't feel right .2 . The ottoman is supposed to glide smoothly , mine did n't . When I rocked the ottoman back and forth something was rubbing and causing it to make a horrible scratching noise and it would get stuck when rocked forward . My husband looked at the gliding mechanism and tried to fix the reason why it was rubbing , but it just was n't fixable . I contacted Amazon and they sent out a replacement ottoman . When I received the 2nd ottoman , it was worse than the first one ! The gliding motion was anything but smooth and there was an even louder noise of metal rubbing against metal . For the price I paid , it was totally unacceptable . I returned the 2nd ottoman and had my husband once again try and fix the problem with the first one , but I was not happy with it at all .3 . After only a couple days of using the chair by itself , it started to sqeak when I would rock back . Also , there must have been a problem with one of the springs in the seat because when you sat down you were noticeably leaning to one side.Between all these problems I had finally had enough . I contacted Amazon and made arragements to have these pieces returned . I could not wait to get my money back . This chair and ottoman are definitly not well made and certainly not worth the money . I now have a traditional glider and ottoman , similar to the `` Glider Rocker Chair - Pecan Wood - Khaki Microfiber '' available from Babiesrus.com and am much happier with it , for less money too ! Buy that one instead !
 THIS WAS MY FIRST TIME DEALING WITH AMAZON AND IT HAS BEEN A DIASTER ! I ORDERED AN OTTOMAN AND SWIVEL ROCKER IN PINK GINGHAM FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTER - SHE 'S EXPECTING IN OCTOBER . THE TWO PIECES WERE SHIPPED FROM TWO DIFFERENT SOURCES AND GUESS WHAT HAPPENED - THE PINK GINGHAM ON THE CHAIR DID N'T MATCH THE PINK GINGHAM ON THE OTTOMAN . THERE WAS NO WAY TO CONTACT AMAZON SO I WENT TO BABIESRUS - HAD TO TAKE THE OTTOMAN -LRB- THE CHAIR WAS TOO HEAVY -RRB- TO A BASIESRUS STORE , BUY IT AGAIN , CANCEL THIS AND THAT AND AFTER SEVERAL DAYS OF GOING BACK AND FORTH -LRB- I HAD THE TWO PIECES SHIPPED TO MY DAUGHTER IN CT AND SHE HAD TO DO ALL THE RUNNING AROUND IN HARTFORD ! -RRB- THE RIGHT COLORS WERE FOUND . NIGHTMARE ! I REALLY FEEL I DESERVE TO AT LEAST HAVE A REFUND ON THE SHIPPING CHARGES FOR ALL THE PROBLEMS WE HAD . I THINK I WILL THINK TWICE OR EVEN THRICE BEFORE I PURCHASE ON AMAZON AGAIN !!
 I bought this chair and ottoman because the price was right compared to other pink gingam chairs we saw , but truthfully , I did n't even care that it was cheaper , the shade of pink matched our baby bedding and alot of others we saw were too peach or purple looking near the bedding set.The first chair and ottoman BabiesRUs delivered was broken . They apologized and I had to wait about 4 weeks for a new one . This time the chair was fine , but the ottoman was completely lopsided ! The next ottoman -LRB- another 4 weeks -RRB- had a skirt -LRB- this is the one I finally kept because it was the only ottoman that actually glided like the one in the store -RRB- that was 4 inches too long dragging on the floor . By the time the next ottoman was delivered , the baby was already born and this ottoman didnt move back and forth . The one after that would move in one direction if you pushed really hard and then it would make a big clunking noise . This just kept happening , and I swear I have never been one to make a fuss over this kind of thing.The store ordered 9 different ottomans and I eventually kept the one with the 4 inch dragging skirt because it was the only one that glided relatively smooth and quietly . The store owner said `` Well you know its value priced , so you cant expect much . '' And at the time , not only is it NOT marked or advertised as `` value priced , '' butI paid over $ 550 for the chair and ottoman with delivery . The store owner 's attitude was a disgrace , and my feeling is that if your attitude is that `` value priced '' means `` inoperable trash '' that would be one thing - obviously they are selling stuff that they dont stand behind . This was the absolute LAST aggrivation I needed as a pregnant mom on bedrest . Even the store manager -LRB- who at least tried to be helpful -RRB- told me , `` If they delivered this to my house , I 'd have the same reaction . I wouldnt pay for this . `` 2 chairs and 9 ottomans ! You 'd be INSANE to buy this product ! Do n't make the same mistake I did . The chair has no back support , it is VERY low and difficult to get out of with an infant in your arms , and you will probably NEVER get an ottoman that works . Do n't be ripped off - avoid this product . Had I known then what I know now I would have happily paid twice as much for a purplish pink or peachy pink gingham somewhere else !
 We purchased this rocker when my child was born six months ago . It lasted about five months , and then it completely broke ! The mechanism at the bottom is not at all sturdy , and one of the metal rods has severed in the middle . As a result , when you sit in the chair it makes horrific noises -LRB- that wake up the baby -RRB- . The chair no longer rocks but moves at odd angles in all directions . We have had a terrible time with this chair and we DO NOT recommend it .
 I did n't realize these are of Nerf Material . I will still use as a Christmas gift but was disappointed At a glance , and since it was only a 2-pack , I did n't notice it was n't of sport-quality material .
 I got these for our toddler boy ... he immediately took a bite out of the football , the soccer ball was left in the rain and got soggy and never quite recovered . Buy something else .
 The first day we had it the kids were playing with it and each time the ball hit the rim , it would bend down more . I ca n't get it to stay up again . We were very disappointed , especially given the price .
 The assembly took abit and my kids were ready to play but after 15mins of use the rim was sagging down with no way to adjust . Then after another 1/2 hour of play time the backboard snapped of the poles . Not a good product .
 In the picture it looks like you can have both the volleyball and basketball at the same time . But the fact is , you must take it apart to switch between games . Not very user friendly.The decal on the backboard pelled off after the first day in the great outdoors.A poorly made product . I would not recommend that you purchase this .
 My son , who just turned three , received this toy as a gift . It is impossible to put together , so he 's constantly bugging me to do it for him . I struggle with this thing myself , and have to keep looking at the picture on the box in order to get it together correctly . It is especially difficult to get the top part of Cranky fitted onto the yellow revolving disc , and sometimes I just give up -LRB- to the sound of screaming and crying -RRB- because I am simply unable to get it to fit together . I 'm obviously doing something wrong , since another review here says it 's easy for a three-year-old to assemble ! I much prefer regular Legos that kids can put together using imagination . This is something that has to be constructed just so , and it 's a pain .
 My soon is Harry Potter crazy . So ... I thought this is Mattel , it will be fine . Some of the reviews I read were negative , a few positive and I assumed the negative reviewers were just expecting too much for the money , as it is not an expensive item . When it arrived I was so disappointed . Its basically a carry case/storage box . It has one of the little characters and does n't really even have enough features to support imaginative play . My son uses it to store his Harry Potter lego now and just gets it out when the Knight bus part of his dvd is on . Its probably better to spend a little more on a different product as you just end up trying to track down items to make it more usuable . In terms of the seller , I didnt have any problems there and it came really quickly .
 This pool was used in my house as a ball pit for 3 days for a 10 month old . The top pink ring is leaking air around the seam somewhere . I have filled it 3 times in 3 days . The rocket scientist at Amazon who replied to my email about this issue thinks I should go out and buy a box at my own expense , deflate this heap of junk , and drive 10 miles to the nearest post office to get a $ 15 refund . This is after the $ 8 or so shipping that they would be paying for . Congrats Amazon you just pissed off a longtime customer over $ 7.00 Overall , this pool is a cheap plastic similar to a dollar store beach ball , and came with no repair kit . Save your money .
 This pool is no better than a $ 5 pool from Walmart . Do not buy it . Pink ring had a hole in it when I got it - super cheap . I do not normally write reviews but honestly , this one is just not worth the money . Has noting to do with the seller or packaging , but it is definitely not any better than a cheap pool at the store .
 Was bought with 2 holes already in it before we ever got to use it , wasted all our time blowing it up for nothing .
 We only had this pool set up in the yard for 3 days and one of the rings got a hole in it . For the price I guess you ca n't expect it to last forever but I did expect it to last longer than that . The plastic is very thin not hard for something to go through it .
 I bought this item two month ago , and I was using for indoor activity . Usually , I put my one year old son inside and let him play with toys . However , I only used for one week , one of the rings has been broken , then the second ring ... anyway , just do n't buy this item ... very poor material , easy leak . Do n't waste your money , get something else .
 We have owned this less than a week and are disaapointed . The top ring deflates no matter how frequently I fill it with air . It sits on our lawn and is beginning to lose its form , it looks like the sides are sagging down from the weight of the water . It is already August so I am hoping it will last until the end of the summer . But I am not sure it will . Worthless . Spend your money on something else .
 Pool has three rings to blow up plus the bottom , kind of a pain . The top ring held air for the first day and now wo n't hold air at all and we have n't been able to locate whear the leak is . Pool is also really small . Once inflated , does not measure to the size listed . Perhaps the size listed is the exterior walls , not interior making it kind of small even for a 3 year old.Good thing it was inexpensive , I will be replacing with something different .
 The pool was great when we first set it up for our son ! We used it as a ball pit in the play room instead of a pool . he absolutely loved it ! The only thing that has been in the pool was him and the balls that are soft plastic . . then after the second day the bottom part of the pool deflated and will not blow back up ! very dissapointed with the quality of the material
 I bought this toy for my Grand Kids to play with in the pool . After receiving it and seeing how much weighed and the unpredictable path it would take each time I threw in the pool , I took it out and away from the pool . This toy could cause a serious injury to a child or an adult .
 Very Disappointing . I bought for my grandson and unfortunately did not look at the dimensions or weight . The box and rocks are small . The rocks are about the size of a large marble . From looking at the picture , I thought it was bigger . The information inside the box is like instructions you would receive , not in a book form . Now I have to buy something to go with this since it looks very cheap . One of the pitfalls of buying online .
 I bought this vest for my son , who will be three in two months . I have put it on him two times and each time , he goes face down into the water . Luckily I was right there and was able to pull him up quickly . Had I not been standing there , my child absolutely would have drowned . I would not recommend this product to anyone . Period !
 I know many have had great experiences with this product . We did n't have the opportunity to have such great success . The clip between my daughter 's legs chafed the inside of her thighs terribly . They are extremely raw and red . I 'm returning it to the store . I had the proper size for my daughter , so fit is n't the issue .
 I purchased this for my 4 year old son for a trip to Jamaica . He 's still learning to swim , and I thought this would be a less bulky alternative than his regular swim vest . At the end of the first day , he was in tears and the inside of his poor little legs were raw from the chafing . He was in so much pain that I could n't even put any cream on them . The instructions indicated that if it is worn properly that the strap should remain loose when in the water . I think that is probably true , but the thickness of the strap -LRB- about 4 inches -RRB- would cause rubbing even if it was n't pulled snugly to his body . We did n't bother packing it back up for the trip home , because I know he wo n't be wearing it again . A week later and there is still some redness on this thighs .
 This vest does n't really keep my daughter on the water . I just ordered a different vest . Hope that one will work .
 i was so excited to try this vest after trying 3 others unsuccessfully . i bought the medium -LRB- up to 66 lbs -RRB- and could not get it on my 33 lb. , 31/2 year old son . it took over 10 minutes to loosen & get it on him , while he cried the entire time ! the bungee cord sides are horrible - even on top of a rash guard , they were digging in his skin . the crotch strap had to be extended to the fullest point & was still way too tight.my son is thin so I was no expecting this to be such a hassle to get on . i returned it the next day .
 The primary picture of this product is blue and yellow . The description of the floatie does not say that the product sent will vary from the photo . My son is not going to wear a pink and purple flowered floatie . I 'm sending this back . Very disappointed .
 Way undersized for high end of 2-3 old age range for which it is advertised as fitting . Our granddaughter is said to be just over 50 % percentile in weight and height . Note that other reviews have same complaint .
 If the child does n't know what is going on , this floater is useless . My son is year and a half . I could n't trust on this equipment to keep his head above water . It kept on toppling him sideways . For kids from age 2 is misleading , should have stated that the kid should know what swimming is.Anyway , I will keep it , should be useful -LRB- as per other reviews -RRB- after the age 3 .
 I bought a couple of these last summer for my -LRB- then -RRB- 4 and 8 year old sons . They are on the slim side and had no trouble keeping the device on . They both felt comfortable in the pool and even released their terror grip from my shoulders . The MAIN PROBLEM is the chaffing . Since the device is meant to float , it goes with gravity and goes up . This causes the straps on the side to bunch up under the armpits and rub the skin raw . It works but is painful by the end of the day .
 Although initially our 2 year old was doing pretty well with this in the pool , after an hour , one of the strap came off and the other one was close to ripping off as well . I 'm sure that if this would not have happened , I would highly recommend this device to assist in teaching children to balance themselves in water and begin swimming , but unfortuantely , this is a major health hazard and they should be recalled . I advise all parent who have purchased this to inspect it thoroughly and of course , not leave your child alone in the water for even the briefest moment . Perhaps this one was a fluke but nonetheless , I intend to contact the manufacture and file a complaint .
 I bought this floaty for my 11 month old that LOVES the water . I though it would be great since he enjoys splashingaround and kicking . First of all it 's REALLY hard to get on . Once you finally do , it 's impossible to keep your childperpendicular to the water . My baby would either fall face down or onto his back with half his head in the water . I had to holdhim straight up the whole time . This basically made the floaty useless . I feel I wasted my money and now have anotheruseless item laying aroung the house . I do NOT recommend this floaty .
 It is a nice product but when my son used at the township pool they told me it can be used because it is not US coast guard approved now I have to buy another one with the coast guard label
 I bought this in the hopes that I could get my 3 year old out of her tire-tube bathing suit.It looked great on the package.I took it out , a tight fit for my 37 pound daughter so strike one.Definitely designed with a petite child in mind.Once we got it on she did n't mind it.So I put her in the pool.The whole thing immediately rode up around her chin.Strike two.It looked like a neck brace.I tried tightening it but that did n't work.I tried removing some of the removable styrofoam lining -LRB- again a great idea but not for us -RRB- that did n't work.So I gave up and switched back to her tire-tube suit.Great idea , but I wish I had n't spent the money on 2 of them.It might work on a taller child but safety wise I would n't recommend it.The straps use velcro to hold together and if you had to pull a child out in an emergency I do n't think they 'd hold.Strike 3 . Bottom line
 This swim trainer is a good idea ; however , the straps tore the first day . Could have been very dangerous if I was n't right there in the water with my child . I attempted to repair them , but I just do n't trust that they wo n't rip again . I believe there was another reviewer who said the straps did not hold ; therefore , I do n't think it was a fluke that this happened . I do not recommend this product !
 We bought this item for my toddler son . It was truely unsafe from the beginning . Problem is that his face stays underwater and he can not get his balance . We then tried it on my 4 year old , the same thing happened with him that he could not keep his face above the water . It looks like a good concept , but we did not get the `` SAFE '' feeling from it . Also the velco straps that connect to the shoulder left my son with a dry , rubbed red mark .
 WARNING !!!!! Not Set # 10227 ! This is a bait and switch attempt to get you to order this Lego set # 6208 . Notice that the part number is mysteriously missing from the title description and nowhere to be found in the listing . They are pricing the cheap set at $ 194 in a blatant attempt to trick people into thinking they are saving a few dollars off the more expensive set which is sold in stores now at $ 199 . BEWARE !!!
 I did not receive the antique-style cards shown in the illustration . Instead , I received an ordinary deck of cards that you could purchase in any dollar store with Jack Daniels label design on the back . Do n't be mislead .
 I like the custom backs and aces.The cards are low quality . After 1 day of use they were already beat up from shuffling .
 Buy something else . This swim system is uncomfortable for children and slips too much no matter how you adjust it .
 I was really excited about this product when I first saw it . I thought it would be just what I needed for my son who can not swim at all . We took it on vacation with us . First of all the item is a little hard to get on and the strap that goes between the child 's legs was a little uncomfortable for my son . I thought from reading the packaging that it would hold my child up in the water like a floatation device , but it really did n't . It was a waste of money to me , he got more use out of a -LCB- few dollars -RCB- floating noodle thing . I would not recommend the purchase of this item .
 We bought this for the added mobility but it did n't keep a two year olds head high enough out of the water to be safe . We ended up going with the SternsStearns Kids ' Puddle Jumper Deluxe Life Jacketwhich provided much greater stability and safety for a two year old . My two year old twins are now able to swim independently near me in the pool . and have a much better experience .
 My son and I spent hours trying to put Slave I together . The bottom is very unstable because of the curve pieces . If you push the block part of the curve piece down onto the base , the curve side pops up . When you flip Slave I over , you will see that you will need to add more pieces to reinforce the base . So , make sure you have additional Lego pieces . We enjoy putting Star Wars Lego sets together but this is one expensive set that you can do without . If you want the minifigures , then you 're better off finding them elsewhere .
 I gave my 6-year old this for Christmas . It was what he wanted . He had no problem building it on his own for the most part , except that the bottom front kept falling apart . I had to help him reattaching it again and again , but the pieces are just not meant to stay together . Now is all finished except that it is missing the front bottom . I do n't think it 's well designed .
 This ship is really poorly designed . REALLY ! I kept waiting to get to the point where the ship would be supported well enough for it to stop falling apart everytime I added a new piece . The only way to build this ship and not get completely frustrated is to use glue . I have nearly all the lego ships , big and small , and all the technic lego star wars people -LRB- clones , darth varder , r2d2 , etc. -RRB- and have never has such a problem . They should fire the person who designed this . I 'm only 9 and I 've designed better ships than this!Also , it is much smaller that it looks on the box , or that the size of the box would indicate.I 'm fairly certain that the good reviews must have been written by someone selling this item . This one is not worth the money !
 `` We need to launch the seismic charges ... launched ... and ... the bottom just came off ! '' Boba FettI was putting together my ship , Slave 1 , and the ginormous rocket launcher spontaneously launched blowing the front to lego pieces . I got very angry and put the ship back together . Build , build , smash ! There goes the front ! I then somehow pick the remains of the ship up with out it distindegrating , and threw it into a box , making my -LRB- sob -RRB- poor daddy 's ship -LRB- sob -RRB- explode ! Sorry Jango , but it 's for the best ! I used the ship for spare parts.By Boba FettLike boba , I hate the thing too ! The only good part are the figures!IG -88 rules ! Merry Christmas ! Do n't waste your legos Santa !
 it comes with Boba Fett , Han Solo in carbonite , Denger , IG88 and a bespin guard . DO NOT BUY !!!!!!!!!!! IT DOES NOT STAY TOGETHER !!!!! IN FACT I RETURNED IT TODAY !!!!!!!!!
 My son is usually very good at assembling Legos and was having great difficulty with this one . I tried to help him out and every time I added a new piece another section came apart . I honestly ca n't comprehend how it would stay together unless an adhesive is used . This is the most poorly designed lego toy I have ever encountered . Especially disappointing for such an expensive toy .
 I have wasted over 4 hours trying to put this together . It collapses EVERY time around step 11 . This gets you very frustrated . I am now trying to use a glue gun to construct it , but i 'm not positive that the pieces will fit with the glue between them.Anyway , I strongly suggest that you spend your money on something that will last -LRB- -LRB- peacefully -RRB- -RRB- . Happy Shopping !
 This is a very dangerous toy . I 'm a lifeguard and I have had two head injuries by kids using these toys . One of them had a very deep cut from the tip of the torpedo and ended up getting stitches . Definitely not an okay toy .
 I am embarrassed that I sent this as a gift to a relative . What appeared to be a hard rubber toy when I bought it turned out to be nothing more than a styrofoam `` Nerf '' toy . I have questions about its durability as well .
 I 'm a grandma and my 11 year old grandaughter really enjoyed playing Monoploly Tycoon on my computer so I ordered this for her thinking that it was a computer game . Yes . I know I should have read the details!She said it needed a television to play it and it was kind of neat , but she did n't play it anymore .
 Monopoly ` Tropical Tycoon ' -LRB- `` MTT '' -RRB- is a DVD-driven version of the perennial original Monopoly . The object of the game is to obtain ` fortune tokens ' , which are amassed by accruing properties ; making ` decisions ' when asked to by the DVD ; landing on Chance or Community Chest ; and cashing in your remaining money at the end of the game . Along the way you can build ` beach houses ' -LRB- houses -RRB- and ` resorts ' -LRB- hotels -RRB- ; however , the game introduces four new buildings
 My three year old granddaughter and I played this one time and she wanted to quit in the middle of it . She told me to give it back to Santa Claus ... she did n't want it . Think that says it all .
 During the winter it is hard to find things to do and this puzzle was very nice and arrived in record time . It was packaged well and the price was ok .
 This doll is TINY . I mean itty bitty teeny weeny . My son took one look at it , tossed it to the side , and has n't played with it since -LRB- he 's 9 months -RRB- . I thought he would like it to nap/sleep with . Nope . Too bad it cost be $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . It is very , very small and very expensive for being so small . Pay attention when it says 7x1x3 ... it is good quality , it is n't made in China or full of lead , which is a plus , but it is sooooo expensive and my son is not a fan . Maybe a little girl would like it better ? I do n't know , but this toy is n't for us .
 This doll is cute as a button , but worth the money ? Doubtful . It is about the size of a -LRB- 5 dollar -RRB- beanie baby . I love the Waldorf dolls , but why do they have to be SO expensive . If the doll was twice the size or half the price , it would be worth it .
 This product has been very poorly designed and is very difficult to inflate and deflate . As a bed it may be fine , but as a chair it is not stable or comfortable . We are returning it .
 these folks sent me a machine that did n't work and had no power cord . Luckily , I had a cord from a machine I had used previously for years . my kids loved the geo safari we used previous to buying this replacement from lil kate 's closet . We were so excited to replace it . A huge disappointment when it did n't work.The communication from Lil Kate -LRB- Katie ? -RRB- Closet was awful brief and suspect . I returned their defective computer , at my cost , and they did n't reimburse me for my purchase price or anything.Steer clear , these people are crooks .
 Items that do not work should not be sold it is like a scam and I was mislead or ripped off
 As a Grammie for three precious little girls -LRB- 3 - 8yrs . -RRB- I was so excited to give them the Our Generation wooden trunk for Christmas ! I knew they would love it and enjoy having a place to put all their 18 in . doll clothes and accessories . They were thrilled to received it and raced upstairs to organize their doll clothes into the trunk -LRB- which was the whole idea of giving them this gift ! -RRB- However , they soon discovered there were no hangers included !!!!! I was as disappointed as they were - how can the clothes be organized if they can not be hung up on the rod ? In my excitement to purchase this gift for them , I did not notice the wording `` hangers purchased separately '' on the package . I only saw the picture on the box depicting the trunk with doll clothes hanging on hangers on the poll of the trunk!I really find it difficult to believe that a product sold at a significant price would not have hangers included ! Come on ... just a handful of cheap plastic hangers could n't be included ?????? As a result , I have spent the day trying to purchase some hangers for my granddaughters ' new Christmas gift to no avail ! So , now I am extremely frustrated and angry and faced with a real problem ! If I can not find hangers for them to use , the wooden trunk is virtually useless !!!!! I am writing to ask that , in the future , you include hangers in this product AND , in the meantime , how do I purchase hangers so my granddaughters can use and enjoy this product ???????? Grammie -LRB- Margie Louney8 Channing WayNewmarket , NH 03857 -RRB- dmlouney@comcast.netOur Generation Wooden Trunk for Dolls
 I thought this would be perfect for my daughter and the reviews were good . It was a great solution to storing doll clothing but after only a few months the door broke . We had it replaced and it broke again . This is a 7 year old girl who is not rough with her toys . I was expecting better quality . . Its just a doorless storage unit for her doll clothes now but looks messy since you cant cover it with a door .
 I purchased this strobe light for my son . It was fun while it lasted - which wasnt very long . The bulb went out and I am still trying to find a replacement . The company listed on the product apparently is no longer in business . Fun toy - if you can find bulbs . I 'd check BEFORE I buy to find replacement bulbs .
 While I knew this would be great fun for my kids ... . trying to get it together was very agitating . The guides for the poles tore the first time we tried to put the tent up , and it was very unclear how to actually make the poles successfully get to where they were supposed to go . If the instructions were more clear , and the support poles were one piece of flexible rod , as opposed to a string enforced magnetic/separable rod , I think it would work better . I give it a thumbs down for durability and construction , but I think it would have been fun if we had ever gotten it together : -LRB-
 This toy made it 1 day and my son is quiet and peaceful . He is not hard on anything and this toy folded and died the first day and went in the trash . The metal inside the edges to make it take shape is like the slinky metal . Once it starts going the wrong way you are toast ! Do n't buy it ! Even if it 's free it will just take up room in your trash and break your sons heart ! He cried for hours because he loves Power Rangers .
 I checked multiple reviews before purchasing this product . We were going to make `` flare '' for a co-worker , and this product had five out of five stars from another reviewer . The other reviewer claimed to be making buttons non-stop since running for the diner 's club presidency ... well no freaking wonder you did n't get elected ... because you are a liar . This is the worst piece of junk I have ever purchased . So , awful that is deserves to be framed and hung on the wall . Broke on the first button , almost impossible to get a good-looking buttons , buttons are so small that it is not worth even trying to look at , they do n't look anything like they do on the package ! Steer clear of this product and anything else the other reviewer rates as a good product .
 The idea of a button maker was attractive for my 5 yr old nephew however this `` toy '' broke the first day we used it . We made less than 10 buttons and although the ones we did make came out ok the maker should have lasted longer . Also , the button size is smaller than a quarter so you are very limited to what you can put onto/into your button . I 'd pass on this one .
 The thing broke after making ONE button . I get that its not professional quality , but it would have been nice to at least make it through the button supplies in the package ... but nope broke the first time I used it .
 I feel like I have to warn people - do n't get this !! It 's the worst button maker I 've ever seen . I realize it 's cheap , but I still thought it would work to make cheap looking buttons . It does n't even do that . The buttons wo n't stay together or anything . Save yourselves from this thing ! Do n't get it !
 This badgemaking kit was anything but cool . Even when pressing down as hard as I could , the buttons would n't form right . Maybe it 's a better idea to shell out more cash for a better buttonmaker !
 Very disappointing . We were very excited to find this badge maker ... but after two buttons - it broke . Not kid friendly . Not worth the money .
 This is a piece of garbage . It broke as soon as we took it out of the package . We did n't get to make a single badge . Do n't waste your money .
 1 star is only because I had to put at least 1 . Otherwise I would given it zero stars -LRB- if there was a negative five stars that would be the given review -RRB- . This product is horrible ! horrible ! horrible ! I purchased the Badgemaker thinking that this would be the perfect and fun project for my students . However , I was greatly disappointed when trying Badgemaker product out at home , the first button was difficult . When I attempted the second the inside prong bent , By the third use It broke . Ultimately I had top return the product to the store . DO ! NOT ! BUY !!!!!!
 MY KIDS LIKE THE CHOPPING KNIFE AND THE WAY THE PIECES STICK TOGETHERBUT THEY DIDNT GET THE FACT THAT THIS WAS SUSHI BUT OTHERWISE GREAT WOODEN TOY .
 So I do n't think that a plastic baby book that is expected to be put in the mouth should have a horrible chemical plastic smell . This just does n't seem right to me . The smell still has n't gone away & we do n't let my son put them in his mouth , so overall not a good buy .
 I bought this puzzle for my son , but not from this sellar . It is a great puzzle , but not worth more than $ 10 . This sellar is trying to rip you off , just because your son eats , breathes and lives for Lightning McQueen . My advice - go to Walmart and get it for alot less .
 I was highly dissappointed when I ordered two instead of one to save money on shipping . I was charged twice for shipping -LRB- which is three times as much as the product itself -RRB- and they came in the same package about 4 days later than anything else I ordered that day . The product itself works fine however I would either suggest using the large bottle or use a common local product .
 We received this game as a gift and discovered that this version of Memory is different from the original in one very important and disappointing way . While there are as many cards as the original version , the vast majority of the cards look the same
 I had to help my son put this together , though the instructions are pretty easy . It 's a tiny car , and I 'm not sure it works . He expressed little interest in it overall .
 Cuts stripwood up to 1/2 '' -- thus saith the vendor . Hmmmm , not on this planet . I ca n't even cut the super thin wood from the tiny crates Clementine tangerines are packaged in . Oh , wait , I can -- if I cut the wood on one side and then flip the wood over and continue the cut on the opposite side.I 've tested this device on the following wood : - red oak - Aspen pine - white pineThe results ? Just a `` bite '' impression from the device.I 'm going to try this out on bone -LRB- human , animal -- I have n't decided -RRB- next . I 'll update this review with the results ; but for wood , meh , not so much .
 The product shipped in great time . However , I am not terribly pleased . The on-off switch was detached and I had to take apart the base of the product to re-glue it . It works fine now , but I do n't think I 'll be buying from this company again .
 The bell itself is lovely , and my 7-month old daughter loves it . BUT , how come the picture shows three instead of one on Amazon ? I belive that i 'm not the only one who questioned at this . Why not change the picture right now ??
 I did n't read the discription as closely as I should have . Thought this was a package of three bells as it looks in the advertising . Very dissappointed that the color they sent me was a pink one as it 's was for my grandson . I think $ 8.00 was way too much for one small bell . I ca n't even give this to my grandson because of the color . So overall this was one of the worst purchases I ever bought on Amazon . Now I have to see if I can return it : -LRB-
 I purchased this because I was under the impression that there were three bells in a set . Given the three bells in the photo , can you blame me ? I suppose ti should have read the fine print . The title does afterall state `` Bell '' not `` Bells '' . Oh well ... I will definitely be sending this back . I can not justify spending this money on one bell .
 Like the others , I thought that for $ 10.95 I was getting 3 bells - pretty embarrassed when i sent this as a gift ! Although its nice and easy to handle , I wouldnt think of paying over $ 30 for 3 of these !
 Toy is fine but not happy with price and picture expected three not one . Buyer beware look at description carefully the picture of three are misleading . There are other ways to let a buyer know that more than one color is available . The buyer is not given a color choice you just get whatever color they send you . Like mine was none of the colors pictured . Nice toy just feel betrayed by a sneaky seller . I look for this type of thing on ebay now I guess I will have to on here as well . `` Single cage bell '' I interpreted as one bell in the cage not only one of what was pictured . BOO
 The listing is really misleading . It appears that you are receiving three , but you only receive one . Guess that 's what I get for not reading the fine print ! $ 10 for ONE bell ... NOT WORTH IT !!!
 My brother bought this game a couple years ago . I think we played it once . Since then it 's been on the shelf collecting dust . Even if you are a LOTR fan -LRB- even if you are a super LOTR fan -RRB- I would not recommend this game . The riddles are straight out of the book , so if you have read the hobbit or seen the movie , the riddles are a joke . The song part is really dumb too . You just repeat after another person after they read the song . I ca n't even remember the other parts of the game . Buy LOTR Risk , that 's a really decent game .
 I ordered the Farm Collection -- which apparently came from Kringles Toys and Gifts , LLC -- and was very excited to receive them today . I opened the box with my 7-week-old son in one arm and started to show them to him . When I got to the pig card , I found it had a smudge of red fluid on it . Could be ketchup , could be blood , I have no idea . As the cards were marketed and packaged as new -LRB- in a plastic-wrapped container -RRB- , I ca n't imagine how ketchup would have gotten on them , but regardless of what it was , I certainly do n't want it near my newborn . I 'll be returning these tomorrow .
 Although the box was sealed in plastic , the cards inside were not new . A couple of the cards are smeared with something brownish , possibly soda -LRB- ? -RRB- . This is not acceptable , considering these should 've been new cards .
 The cards are large , sturdy , and well drawn . Each animal has its name on the back in a nice cursive font . But there are only SIX cards in the box !!! At $ 12.95 per set , I should at least get enough cards to fill the Wee Gallery mobile . I would prefer twice the number of cards at half the thickness , since I do n't intend to let my daughter gnaw on them . Come on !
 I ordered these when my daughter was about four months old . They 're cute and she liked them for about 15 seconds but that 's about it . Now she only occasionally chews on the corners . Nice idea , great drawings , but nothing special and certainly nothing interesting to my little one . Possibly because she was too old . When she was a newborn we printed out a FREE pdf of black and white shapes and images off the internet that she loved and stared at for ages . Just , FYI .
 These must be made to appeal to adults . They certainly appeal to me , I love the way the animals are illustrated , and the woodland theme is so on trend right now for both kids and adults . However they are way to abstract for babies and small toddlers . I got no recognition from either of my kids , no wide eyes , giggles or words as to what animal any given image was . they do look great , and I can see why parents would be drawn to them . But babies really seem to want more realistic or cuddly cartoony images .
 Find some hard paper and just draw whatever on it and you will get the same result . Although it wo n't last as long as this one , it does n't cost as much as this one neither . I ca n't say my little one does n't like it . He just does n't like it for more than 2 minutes . I mean there is only 6 cards in a set and once I go through this with him , he is not interested for the 2 second round . Maybe when he is older ? like , I do n't know , old enough to tear book apart ? then I still can find paper to draw whatever on them !! so , save the bucks
 these are cute and `` artsy '' but there are so many options out there ! i love the My First Touch and Feel cards so much I regret not buying a few packs of those instead of this one set . they may be cute as a gift but i do n't recommend them . cards with color would probably get more miles .
 I hate to be the bad apple , but these pins were more frustrating for my 20-month-old than fun . It is very difficult to get the pins to stand up ... even for an adult . And , if you have a pet , pet hair really sticks to the fabric they 're made of .
 Cute , but the pins are hard to get to stand up . My 3 year old has a hard time getting them to stand and gets very frustrated . They are still cute toys but not as intended .
 This is a cute set but the pins do n't stand on their own . I ended up returning it because my 17 month was bored . I think it was a little too baby for her . She also did n't get the `` bowling '' concept since the pins kept falling over before she could roll the ball .
 The ball does not roll , so the toy can not be used as suggested . Simple as that !
 After reading such favorable reviews I bought this bowling set for my son 's first birthday . We 've had the toy now for a month and he is not very interested in it . If I set it up for him he will toss the ball at the pins a couple of times and then look at a couple of animal/pins and then he is done . I do n't much care if he bowls with it , but he does n't pick it up or ask for any of the pieces either.While the toy is cute , something not played with is money wasted . The toy seems well made and probably durable but without a child to love it , I just ca n't recommend it .
 My two year old does not have any interest in this toy yet . She will shake the cows sometimes as they rattle and toss them down the stairs , but that is the most she will do with it . She did get a lot of other toys , so over time her interest may increase , but so far , this is not something that appeals to her . We may have to take her bowling one day to see the whole purpose of it .
 I bought this toy for my son when he was about 14 months . He never touched and those bowling pins doesnt stand well . . no matter how hard i tried to make them stand . . they fell . Also , packing cover was ripped open with in a month after i bought the toy . there are better product in the market for less price .
 My children really enjoyed this toy but I really did n't think it was all that great . The only thing they enjoyed about it was the ball . They threw it around a lot.I could n't get the animals to stand up right , EVER . It is not educational besides the pins are animals . Since the pins do n't stand up though the kids do n't really pay attention to them.I ended up giving this toy away to someone who had a baby . I thought maybe it would be better for a baby who is learning how to hold things since the game part just does n't work .
 These are adorable and soft for little ones to play with but they do n't stand up well . They need to redesign so that the bottom is weighted and flat . I ended up getting ridD of them early on because they frustrated my toddler so much .
 This is a sloppy toy . Not a lot of fun , hard to set up , and they do n't stay up too well . I cant think of a reason to buy this thing .
 I bought this for my daughter who was under 12 months at a time . She played with it for about 5 mins and quickly lost interest , as did her friends at play dates . Also get ruined in the washing machine and you can not simply wipe it to clean as it is made of fabric . We did not like this toy
 This toy looked really fun , but it 's best for babies less than one year . Children that young ca n't bowl , but I suppose some might be able to throw the ball at the pins . The pins and ball are plush and they jingle . So I see this toy as more of a set of cute looking rattles than a bowling set . Also , the animal pins do n't stand up that well .
 Although this toy is still a favorite for my 16month old son , I had to remove the magnets from his reach . I found him with the circle magnet stuck in his mouth . I scared me to death , but I quickly removed it . If you buy this , please remove the magenets before you let your child play with it !!
 You can buy this toy from Toys R Us for 59.99 . Save yourself some money and do not buy this toy for nearly 200.00 .
 Maybe my son was just too old to fully appreciate it , but this toy has not been a huge hit in our house . My SIL got it for my son for his 2nd birthday , thankfully on sale at TRU , so about half of what they 're asking here was paid . For one , it 's big , and if I 'm going to have a toy taking up that much space , I want it to be a toy that is used fairly often . He loves the magnetic pieces , but mainly just to carry them around , not ot stick them to the actual side on the cube . The xylophone is just not fun because it does n't sound like music at all . The bead maze both on the side and the top has problems with the wooden beads being too tight and getting stuck . If my son is too old to be fully amused , then what child would be able to maneuver these badly manufactured beads ? His favorite side is probably the abacus , and well , I 'm sure you could find a much smaller and cheaper abacus elsewhere . The most fun I ever saw him have with it , was when he colored it with markers . : / Also , because it does take space , we have always kept it on the child card table in his room -LRB- aqua in color -RRB- . Well , my son sometimes eats there and milk or water get spilled . I obviously clean it up as soon as he 's done eating -LRB- once I know no more is coming , lol -RRB- and still the top of his table , a gift from his grandparents that I would have liked to keep nice , is stained green and red/orange from the paint of the activity cube . I have tried multiple cleaners and even a steam cleaner to get it off and it is NOT happening . So not only did these toy never meet expectations , but now it 's also ruined something that we loved .
 I bought this toy in Toy-R-Us and it was much cheaper then this . -LRB- $ 59.99 -RRB- So if you really want this toy , I say take a moment and look arould for it . I was n't happy with this toy becasue of the sharp corners which are bad enough to hurt anyone . There is n't alot going on with it and I found that my son became bored with it quickly . Also , the top of the maze comes off and does n't lock down as well as it should . If a child pulls on the maze , they could pull the whole thing off . All in all - I dont think this toy is worth the price tag .
 my daughter loves it but it is so dangerous since the top where the beads are comes off easily and my daughter almost killed herself a couple of times . This top does not comes with any type of security locks so it will fall off on the floor as 1,2,3 ... and it can be very dangerous . My daughter step on it and even got stock on it . I do n't understand why the company that has made this imaginarium toy had rated 18m and up . This toy is definitely great for older kids !!!!
 My 10-month old received this as a gift . Although the labeling is for 18 mo and older - be careful ! My little girl choked on the circle magnet ! All the magnets are small and pose a choking hazard . Also , the table is unstable as kids can hold onto the beads on top to stand and the whole thing can fall over on them . Dangerous toy . Mine is going away for good !
 Bought this for our son with Autism . This was n't complicated enough to keep his attention . Received this in plenty of time and in perfect condition . Just not complicated enough to keep his attention . But , thank you !
 I ordered this for my son to use with his halloween costume but the day before it arrived , I found a better tool belt at Target for the same price . The Target item was Bob the Builder and featured the same tools but also came with a hard hat and a belt that says `` Can we do it ? '' . So if you do n't mind having Bob the Builder items , I would go with that choice because you get more for the money . I would return the item but it 's not worth paying the return shipping .
 I was totally disappointed with the quality , especially the adjustable spanner and pliers . It was plasticky and fragile not like the ones which you get from Fisher price .
 Check out this toy at healthystuff.org -LRB- search for Little Builder Tool Belt -RRB- . The `` utility belt '' in this set has an enormous amount of lead in it , plus some arsenic for good measure .
 Bought this for my 3-year old boy who is interested in `` construction '' tools and was sorely disappointed at its quality , value , and usefulness . This toy is ideal for kids between 1 and 1.5 years who are still working on improving their motor skills and certainly should not be labeled for use by kids 2 years and older . If you are looking for a quality construction-based toy for your kid -LRB- older than 1.5 years -RRB- , look elsewhere !
 I bought this for my 8 month old who had a triangle toy similar to this . This toy is very durable as she will swat at it a few times and then throw it off her highchair and it is still intact . She is not very stimulated by this as there is really nothing that excites her about this product . I think it could have more than just a mirror that spins . The cylinder with the beads is not very exciting either . Overall it was just so so and considering the price , I would not recommend .
 This toy is too simplistic and archaic . It did n't keep the attention of my 6 month old for very long . We returned it for the Infantino Activity Triangle and have been having fun ever since .
 My baby 's arm/elbow got stuck inside this toy . I tried to free her but the toy is very well made that I ca n't break it . My baby 's constricted arm started to turn purple after 15 minutes , so I had to call 911 . It took 3 firefighters to get her arm off from the toy . I think this toy should be recalled .
 This item is very cheaply made , like a toy from the dollar store . There are some small beads on one side that made me concerned due to the quality , they could come off and be a hazard . Upon all these things I opted to return the toy .
 I bought this model Concorde for my nephew as a birthday present . Since it was die-cast metal , I expected it to be durable . Unfortunately , the WHEELS ON THE PLANE BROKE OFF ALMOST INSTANTLY ! My nephew was EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED ! Me too.What made it even worse was the return policy of the seller - `` BEST SERVICE STORES '' . Since I bought it more than a month before I gave it to my nephew , it was too late to return it for an exchange . The seller 's return policy is also very confusing - it says it has a 30 day return policy - BUT
 We have both this notebook and Joe 's Notebook -LRB- ASIN B00006JZ93 -RRB- and there is no comparison , Joe 's notebook is ten times better ! My 21/2 yr old son ca n't understand why the crayon wo n't stay in the spiral like Steve 's and gets very frustrated . The plastic spiral also is always working it 's way out one end and has to be fixed . Some pages ripped out on us , and my son is not hard on toys . It is not worth the money ! Buy Joe 's Notebook instead , it costs less , includes three rubber stamps , and is so much more fun !!
 Seriously , is the price a typo ? My 2 year old Loves Blues Clues , but 110 bucks for a Notebook ??
 This kite did n't fly as well as anticipated . It 's a bit heavier than plastic delta kites , the cheap ones you get at grocery stores , and it does n't have a wide enough wing span to catch the wind and compensate for its weight . It is ok , it flys but it takes a bit of work and it falls once the wind dies down just a little . It should n't be a problem when there is a constant wind of 10 + mph but like I said it does n't fly as well as the plastic ones which will stay in the air with relative ease.There is also a thin plastic rode that goes across the middle of the kite which must be bent a significant amount before it can be inserted into the kite.Now the good stuff.The kite is made of polyester that wo n't really stretch or tear like plastic ones , which may be why it weight a little more . It does have nice colors and the streamers are beautiful and also polyester not those cheap plastic streamers that many kites have . The spool is one of those nicer D shaped spools that goes all the way around so your hand ca n't slip out which allows quick release of string . Those spools get tangled when you roll up the strings several times but it is what you usually get for kites in this price range.Good kite , about 3 ft wing span . Not impressed , I feel I would get more bang out of those plastic ones but thats just because I like my kites to fly high with little difficulty .
 I will preface this , we are novices . I have not flown a kite since I was a child . Also , if the wind was a little stronger or more consistent , it MAY have been easier , but I doubt it.My daughter and I tried to fly this but never really got it up in the air . The kite took a ` nose dive ' into the ground every time . We might have gotten it in the air for about 15 seconds at most . We gave up after about 30 minutes . Also , I was expecting the kite to be larger than it is .
 Finally had a nice windy day to go fly this thing . And it was TERRIBLE . I just came inside , and searched on Amazon to find it so I could give it 1 star to prevent others from having a father daughter moment ruined by a bad toy !!! I 'm shopping for a replacement now . The airfoil one from Amazon looks like it 's easy to fly .
 I bought this for my wife . She is a big fan of Elmo . I thought what could be the harm . Little did I know beneath this creature 's fuzzy facade lies the heart of a beast . Oh , It 's fun for a while . Those cute googly eyes and that open mouth set in a fashion that indicates a constant state of frolicking laughter . But
 I specifically chose this Elmo stuffed animal over others because the description stated &#34; Origin
 My son loves Elmo . So I was excited to find this I thought he could carry it around with him . It would n't be too big or too small . However , he 's not interested in him at all ! And worst of all , Elmo came with a rip in his arm .
 Right out of the box , my daughter was covered in Elmo 's red `` fur '' ... for any child who puts everything in their mouths -LRB- which is every child ! -RRB- this is NOT a good plush . Within seconds , my daughter put it in her mouth ... and ended up with a mouthful of red fur . We took our Dyson vacuum to him , and still , he was leaving fuzz everywhere ... especially in her mouth . I see that Amazon has posted a warning `` Not for children under 3 '' , however , this item comes with a tag that states Ages 0 and up . And I linked to the Amazon site from the Gund site , so they are advertising it for children under three . In any case , while the plush is cute , its really for children who are past he putting everything in their mouth phase . And someone needs to decide the age appropriateness on this one ... Gund is saying all ages , Amazon is not . We 'll put him away for a while until our daughter is able to handle a plush that `` sheds '' .
 He is soft but he is very thin . He actually looks more hot pink than red . When he 's up against our other Elmo 's he looks VERY pink.Overall , I 'm not very happy with this skinny pink Elmo .
 The big problem with this toy is that the eyes on it are extremely fragile . Our son has dropped it on the ceramic kitchen floor a few times , and already twice I 've had to repair the eyes as pieces break off .
 I ordered this doll based on the height description and picture . I was very disappointed and promptly returned the 2 that I ordered . The 13 inches actually includes the eyes which stick up above the head . Head to toe , the doll is just above 11.5 inches . The doll is so skinny and other than the head , really flat . Belly measures 4 inches wide at the widest part , head about 3.5 inches wide .
 Emlo 's hair comes out very easily . I do not care for his material make up , just not nearly as durable as I would have wished or thought they would make a toy such as this ...
 After reviewing several Sesame Street Elmo ` s I picked this one because it was made by Gund . So dissapointed , PLUSH is not how I would describe it ; more like scrawny . .
 The product arrived looking different than the photo . The mouth is totally open forcing the head back . There are no hands aspictured . I would have returned this product , but it would require being sent to China.Gund Sesame Street Elmo 13 '
 I was a bit disappointed with this elmo . I searched and searched for the right one and based on all the reviews , I got this one . It 's much smaller than I expected and it 's NOT a RED elmo , it 's more like a sun faded red . My daughter LOVES Elmo , so she took to it right away , but it looks like it 's old and faded . I was expecting a deeper red color -LRB- like the ones that move - tmx elmo -RRB- But if you do n't mind the color difference , then it 's fine . It is very soft and plush , so that 's nice . Otherwise , not what I was hoping for .
 I am not impressed at all by this product . Elmos hair is wispy , and his hair ends up in a fuzzy , frayed consistency , then shedding . I have not even given the gift yet , and I am totally embarrassed but I have no time to replace it . Spend a couple more dollars and buy something in person you can see before ordering and not knowing !
 The second day my daughter had the Elmo toy the stitching on his back came apart and I had to sew it back together . Not happy with the craftsmanship !! But my daughter loves the toy .
 The durability of this toy is low , because like most barbie products the tiny peices will get lost in a week under adverage play . Of course , you have to allow for the fact the stuff has to look like Barbie can use it , so for as long as it last as a whole - it 's an okay set . I knew Barbie had to include herself in this set somehow . The great part is she comes with two extra babies if you want to add some other families with random dolls to hang out with Midge and Alan 's kids . You can also bring Midge and Alan 's baby for a check up . It 's really a fun addition if you have the rest of the Happy Family and even if you do n't you could have ` other Barbie ' bring Krissy in for a checkup . I think it 's cute they gave her the floral smock some kid doctors have instead of the standard white , if only they put storage spaces in the table.So with the Happy Family it promotes the education value of taking care of yourself while your preganant and takening care of baby . And without the Happy Family , with Families of your own invention , it can do the same . And if you do n't think pregnant Midge is a good example , I 'm sure a career Barbie is , but I do n't think the peices will survive long with them being so tiny and no storage .
 I bought the product for my daughter for Christmas . She loves the barbie babies and I thought she would be thrilled with the girl and boy twins . Unfortunately , the product arrived with no barbie babies . Now , I have to return the item and wait for a refund .
 I was about to have my second child when I purchased the Midge doll , the Alan and Ryan dolls , and this one for my 3 year old . I thought it would be good for her to be able to control a family and do some role play with them in regard to having a new baby . She was totally interested in Midge -LRB- not so much the pregnant belly , but the hair -RRB- . Midge has knockout hair . Alan and Ryan were used as escorts for the Kelly and Barbie dolls my daughter already had . But , this baby doctor doll was n't even noticed . It 's been 4 months . Still , she does n't play with it . Maybe it 's just a matter of overkill . She was bombarded with dolls just before her baby sister arrived . Just thought I 'd share our experience . Best wishes .
 . . they made this one better . This Barbie 's arm snapped off at the elbow the day it was purchased as daddy attempted to kick it out of his way so he would not step on it and break it . I thought that most of it was his doing so I was disappointed but kept the doll . Now less than two months later when my daughter was putting the doll away in her toy box the other arm also snapped off at the elbow . Between all three daughters we have over 25 Barbies in the house and this is the only one that has ever broken in this matter . All of the other Barbie 's that have broken have been due to tug of wars . I would only recommend this doll for older children that can take special care of the doll and have a special storage place for her .
 I am deeply disappointed to see the gratuitous use of bottles for feeding babies . Although it may be believed to be difficult to produce a breastfeeding doll I feel that the promotion of bottle feeding to young impressionable children is detrimental to their understanding of the best way to feed a baby .
 We bought this toy for my 21/2 year old son . We have other take along sets that are alot of fun , but this oneis lousy . The top curved track keeps falling off , the carnival sign keeps popping off , and the fun house archdoes n't stand up . My son played with it for a few days , but I have to keep putting the track back togetherand that makes him lose interest in the toy . I wish I read the reviews for this before I bought it , because I wouldnever have spent the money on this . I 'm going to disassemble it and keep the track , but this toy is a BIGdisappointment .
 We got this yesterday for my 3 yr old son . It looks great in the box but getting the pieces to stay together is next to impossible.In fact my son threw all the pieces back in the box this morning and wants to return it to the store for another track . I 'm afraid to buy another ` take along track ' but he has a huge collection of the take along trains and I dont believe they are compatible with other tracks.Anyway , not worth the $ 40 . We will be returning this tonight .
 This toy was a waste of money and provided nothing but frustration for my six year old son as it fell apart every time he played with it . It was put together by my brother who teaches Physics and Chemistry and more mechanically inclined than me.Even he could not get this thing to stay together.I do not understand how after the recent Thomas recalls the company is apparently not even trying to produce a better quality product.A total disapointment especially to my son who LOVES all things Thomas .
 I too did not read the reviews before I bought it , and we ca n't even get it put together , much less get it to STAY together !! I 'm seriously close to breaking out the soldering iron !! My son loves the trains and the tracks , but they barely stay together on the floor , much less suspended by flimsy plastic . Great toy for hardwood floors , very careful kids , and a lot of superglue . Other than that ... you might wan na skip this one and get some of the other Thomas train sets that are a little more durable .
 My son got this toy for Christmas . This toy was a nightmare to assemble and has been an enormous pain in the neck to keep from falling apart . The downhill and corkscrew portions of the track fall apart with just you breathing on it . We 've spent more time putting the pieces back together than my son has playing with it .
 My 2.5 yr old loves this toy . Unfortunately , I absolutely hate it since it requires me to rebuild it every few minutes . Nothing stays connected and it 's all held together so precariously , if you so much as sneeze on it , it falls apart . The worst part is the domino effect , one part of the track falls apart and then the rest follow and so instead of a simple connection fix , it turns into a complete rebuild of the incline . My tot does n't play with it roughly and just rolls his trains on it and it still falls apart . It 's more frustrating than fun . Do n't bother buying it .
 I just got finished assembling this for my nephew and I 'm looking at him play with it . He seems to like playing with it , but his play is interrupted with an `` oh no ! Broken ! '' every 4 or 5 minutes . the track pieces do n't stick together well , the angled pieces barely fit in the trusses . The curved landing track from the tall descent is badly molded that it hardly functions to both turn a corner and change angle at the same time . The walls that attach to retain the engines as they curve at high speeds are questionably attached to the track . When using the walls , the track loses any sort of reversability and the curved pieces that attach to the tall tower do n't stick well . It 's basically barely standing up and will need constant reattachment and attention.It is a fun idea . Nephew likes taking the trains down the chutes , and the sounds are okay , but it needs a fair amount of rework before I 'd recommend it for anyone .
 my 4 yr old loves toy roller coaters and loves thomas what a graet combo well , he was so excited to receive this as a present but his excitment didnt last long he couldnt really play with it the trains fall off , the track comes apart and falls down everytime he goes around the track just once . i would not recommed it is alot of money for a toy that is junk i expected alot more so did my son !
 My daughter and I saw this and just knew that her son and my grandson , who is almost 4 , would LOVE it . He adores Thomas and trains . First of all , the gray track that goes from top to bottom will come apart even if Ethan is using the yellow swirly side . Also , what is the short level gray track at the base at the bottom of the swirly side that leads to the gray circle in the middle - we ca n't figure out what it 's for and there appears to be a very short track next to that . Maybe it 's there so someone can purchase extra track . If that 's the case it would improve this and maybe the set we purchased has that section of track is weak or defective . Lastly , as far as this review we were both slightly confused as to the rating of this toy 's educational value .
 The writers above are right . I am technically capable and enjoy putting together children 's toys , but this is just junk . The pieces do not stay together , where they should and could easily click together they rest next to each other . The slightest bump is like a major earthquake in your carnival . The stickers fell off on the second day . This is one of the most poorly designed toys I have ever seen .
 This track is fun , but I get tired of putting it together over and over and over again . It wo n't stay together . Very frustrating .
 I like the metal Thomas trains , I bought lots of them . The idea of this slide is brilliant . BUT
 Fortunately this was a gift for my son . I did n't realize it costs this much ! For how little there is with this , it seems people are being taken for a ride !
 As you can see from the title , I am a little bit peeved that this item is a piece of junk . It was a pain to put together , which I do not even figure into my rating . The worst part is that it falls apart constantly . You barely touch it and it falls apart ! The cardboard background falls apart ! We are returning the item in hopes of finding something that is not a total gimmick . Great looking on the box but beware , it is a total joke . The company who manufactured this item knew good and well it was a hunk of junk when they shipped it out to stores . It is such a shame .
 What a waste . This toy has caused more frustration than it 's worth . Sure , you can superglue the whole thing together but that defeats the purpose . It 's too bad because the long ramp is somewhat fun for the one time you can get it to work without having to reconnect the tracks.I think of this playset as the antithesis of Sodor . This is what the island would be like if all the trains starting taking drugs and Sir Topham Hatt was indited of criminal charges .
 Overpriced and falls apart constantly . Would give it 0 stars if I could . `` Take-along '' description is just a cop-out for how flimsy this junk is . By the time a kid could match the tiny part-numbers to the instructions and enjoy putting it together -LRB- since all pieces look the same -RRB- , he/she 'd be too old for the toy . Younger kids cry when it collapses as they think they 've broken it . Very space consuming too . Wish I 'd read the reviews before `` santa '' brought something we ca n't really have him `` take back '' .
 My son got this as a Christmas gift and it was nothing but frustrating ! First of all , it is way too expensive . Second of all , the track does n't even stay together . Lastly , the trains do n't even stay on the orange spiral . I would not buy this toy . Thankfully , Target took the train back for a full refund .
 This would be a great toy if your child never played with it . Even putting it together made me want to scream . The tracks fall apart with the littlest nudge . They have clamps that are suppose to make them stay together , but those fall off all the time . You really have to have a parent around all the time while your child is playing because it constantly comes apart . It just is not made very well at all .
 The track wo n't stay together . My 4 year old daughter LOVES it - but she told us to throw away the cardboard background , it keeps falling off , and she loses interest after having to call for help to put it back together every minute or so . . The top sections absolutely will not stay together . Santa brought this to her and she could n't be more heartbroken that he brought her a lousy gift . We decided to take it apart , but keep the track pieces . She has another one of these sets , so she 'll just have to make due with a modified version . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT .
 The Thomas and Percy Carnival Adventure toy is a waste of money . It falls apart at the slightest jostle from our 3-1/2 year-old boy , upsetting him and frustrating us , because we have to keep putting it back together . It is unsteady at best , rickety at worst . It 's obvious the toy manufacturers do n't test these things out on children -LRB- if they test them at all -RRB- . They just do n't hold up under real-world use .
 My kid got this for his 4 B-day and all kids just ripped the box trying to open it . Unfotunately . Because once we built it , everything just kept falling apart . My kids get upset everytime we try to built it . If we had a box , i would return it and never ever buy anything like this . Not worth your money , for sure !!!
 I bought this toy for my girls and does n't not hold up to a 41/2 and 2 year old gentle girls . It is very frusterating for them to play with .
 Do n't buy this toy ! Very poorly made , does n't stay together , nothing stay together and you spend most of your time putting it back in place . I do n't understand how they can make such a delicate toy for toddler , it 's ridiculous . That toy needs to be out of the market .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY SON LAST CHRISTMAS , IT BROKE AND HE CRIED ALL DAY , THEN I HAD TO RETURN IT HE CRIED ABOUT THAT . IT BROKE HIS HEART AS HE IS A DIE HARD THOMAS FAN . I HAVE NEVER FELT SO ANGRY ABOUT A PRODUCT AS I DO ABOUT THIS ONE
 I was really excited when my 4 year old received this for his birthday . We put it together and I was extremely disappointed -LRB- after looking forward to some independent play time for him ! -RRB- at how he was constantly calling me to help put the tracks back together . They do not hold up . The fun house falls over , it 's completely pointless . If you try to make the trains go down the spiral they fly off the track onto the floor . This was my first take along thomas set and I was extremely disappointed . However , my friend assures me they are not all this way . I certainly hope not . The box says for ages 2-7 ... I can not imagine a 2 or 3 year old being able to play with this if my 4 year old ca n't even put it back together . Rip off .
 my son is almost 3 and loves the concept yet i spend more time putting ti back together than he does playing on it . the spiral is mostly secure but as soon as you try to go down hill , the support pieces are barely table and the tracks have so little support that the whole side collapses . he can barely use 3 trains and it 's in shambles . if i could take it back i would - by far this is the most i 've spent on one of these sets and would take it back in a heartbeat . i bought it when he was 2 hoping our results would be different but nwo they 're worse - and i wish i never dug it out of storage to try it again . ca n't wait until it disappears when he 's sleeping one night ...
 It 's a good thing this was not so expensive . The heart charm fell off after wearing it for maybe15 minutes .
 We bought this for our son 's 10th birthday - it lasted a whole 21 hours before it fell over from playing with it . Basically that means we put the marbles on it and they rolled down . The tracks then fell apart . Joy .
 I used it for about two days and did not like the greasy feeling it left me with . Plus I broke out in pimples after the first day . So I leave it out on the sink and today -LRB- 4 days later -RRB- I decide to try it again and its covered in mold !!! It wasnt in a dark place !! So I threw this girl away :--LRB- first time I dont like something from LUSH .
 thought itd be bigger bought it for my brother for an inside joke and it was tiny didnt like it
 This product has a major flaw - it is IMPOSSIBLE to get thesafety latch fastened or unlocked to set up / unfold this bench!You will be cursing each time you do and it gets even worse withimpatient , crying children running around you.I returned the first one and the replacement item was identical.Why has n't Little Tykes recalled this product ? Trust me , do NOTwaste your time , money and frustration on this very poorly engineered -LRB- read
 I bought this table for inside use . I liked the idea of bench seating for my toddlers . It is a safe table with big some issues . As soon as your child sits on the table -LRB- & believe me he wo n't be able to resist :-RRB- the table will sway/bend in the middle & stay that way . It makes it worthless for building blocks , arts , etc. ... it becomes a tea party table only & even then frustrates kids because nothing will stand up on it . You wo n't want to give them real food on it because everything will topple & fall off.I just ordered 2 desk size Virco tables with adjustable legs because I know they will never bend . I really do n't recommend this table unless you find it at a garage sale for $ 5 & only want a outdoor play table that swoops down in the middle . Mine is for sale by the way : -RRB-
 The table arrived at home broken . We returned it and did not buy a new one . I was very dissappointed ! There was no fee to return the table and Amazon refunded our money promptly .
 I have purchased this game from Amazon . The game would not eject from our Philips DVD player -LRB- had to pull it out manually -RRB- . The small print on the packaging states this game may not be compatible with all DVD players . I have contacted Imagination.com about this and have not heard back . So be mindful of the incompatibility issue when you purchase this game .
 Questions are too easy , and it is the old edition of Millionaire . I was looking for the new version .
 I bought this DVD Game as a birthday gift for my fiance ' . After much anticipation of playing the game ... we were sorely disappointed when we reached the $ 1000 question and the game froze and than looped back to the beginning . We tried this 3X and the same result occurred . We are hoping the DVD we received is defective and the replacement we requested today will exceed our expectations !
 I bought this DVD game thinking it would be more like the show and exciting to play . To a certain extent it is . But we found the game too easy and there are no options to make the questions harder . So when four of us played the first time and nearly every time after at game night , we all became millionaires -- if only it were that easy in life . We also noticed that the game stalled between questions but that might be because we have a DVD player from 2001 . We also found that the questions began to repeat as early as the second game . That took away a lot of the excitement too . If kids are playing and the adults dumb down , it is the perfect game . Even then I may be insulting kids . For all adults , not such a good game .
 The people who made the game should have spent more time making sure the game was good before releasing it . Its too slow , the questions repeat too often , and being asked if i want to walk away at each Question while i have all lifelines gets old . It could have been designed much better and with more questions.Also the questions dont go in any particular order , one question was asked as the $ 500,000 then a few games later the same question was asked as a $ 4000 question . The Million dollar question was easier then some of the thousand dollar questions.Overall it was enjoyable for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , but im disappointed at what could have been offered .
 I was not happy with this product . Too small , fur not soft enough , bought for a 5 yr old and do n't think she was overly thrilled with it either . I have purchased other similar products and was happy with them . I would not recommend .
 I agree with the other reviewer that the Equator is nice and sturdy , and easy to assemble . We 've had ours for one year , and are coming up on the warranty expiry in August.The thin aluminum top has begun to separate from the base in two spots , and probably more . This is the playing surface . The table now has two large dead spots where the ball will not bounce , at all.We take good care of the table . Although it is outside all summer -LRB- we live in Massachusetts -RRB- , we keep it covered at night , and whenever we sense rain is coming.We have just submitted a warranty claim with Escalade Sports , the exclusive US distributor for Stiga tables , and will see what happens . I will update the review when I get a response from them.The warranty is `` limited '' , and may not cover return shipping . As you can guess , this will be a hassle , and may run to $ 100 or more to get the table back to them . I bought this table from Amazon.com LLC.I do n't know this , but I suspect this de-lamination problem may occur in all Stiga outdoor tables , which have thin aluminum tops that are glued to the base .
 -LSB- FWIW , I filed this same review on another vendor 's product page for this item . -RSB- I recently purchased this kit . The instructions were clear enough and assembly was n't overly difficult , but I found that after it was assembled it would n't work . The frog is supposed to work by having the solar-powered motor wind up -LRB- and release -RRB- its spring-driven rear legs . The motor works OK , as do the gears that go between the motor and the cam that winds up the legs . Unfortunately , however , the gears are connected to the cam by a smooth round rod , and the friction between that rod and the cam is n't enough to move the legs - the rod rotates , but the cam does n't move . I tried to fix this by putting a drop of superglue in the cam and then reattaching it to the rod , but must have used a little too much , gluing the cam to the body . The rear legs rotate on a hexagonal rod that prevents the sort of slippage I described - it 's too bad they did n't do something similar for connecting the gears to the cam.Anyway , I would n't recommend this kit to anyone . I did get a small solar cell and pager motor out of it that should be usable for some other project , but still resent that I was suckered into paying for a piece of junk like this kit . I 'm honestly curious whether anyone has ever gotten it to work .
 The manufacturer should be ashamed of this product and the others like it!I bought a set of these for my deaf daughter so she could communicate with her hearing friends.I was disappointed from the moment I opened the package . It is interesting how they hid the keyboard in the package . It appeared to be like a `` side kick '' to find there was no qwerty keyboard . Next , it took 15 minutes just to set the date and time because they were ordered by year , month , day with no indication of this in the instructions . Finally we tried to text , but had to wait for one person to send , had to be aiming the devices directly at each other and lost numerous messages . The keys were so small and set low in the device that it was hard to hit the right keys . I sure hope the retailer will refund our money for these!I emailed the manufacturer with this message and suggest that they take these and similar products off the market.Now I am shopping for something to try to replace it . There seems to be demand for a product for kids to text one another , just one that works.I will tell everyone I know to not trust Sakar products who manufactures and distributes this device . I could not find the product on discovery channel 's site . They should be ashamed to have their name on these .
 This product is easy to use and comes with very basic directions . But the text messenging feature does not deliver . In order to send a message the other person needs to be within 10 feet and have their handheld on `` receive '' mode waiting for the message . The address book and scheduling features are fine as data banks but the text messaging feature was very disappointing to my 6 , 8 and 9 year old kids .
 These text messengers are way too complecated . The messages routinely do n't go through . Even when following the directions exactly many of the functions do n't work correctly . I could n't even get the time and date to reset correctly . Definitely do n't waste your money .
 My son was looking forward to get `` pager '' to play with so he can text msg with his sister while playing around the house separately or outside but the book said it has to be front of each other . He wasnt too happy so we took it back .
 I purchased this for my grand daughter . What a waste of money . I will be returning it today . You have to be about 10 feet from the other person and aiming it at them while they hold the other messenger . She will stick to her walkie talkies . We were all very disappointed in this product !
 It has been many , many years since I purchased a product that simply did not work . After struggling for over an hour with trying to send a message I finally gave up . A quick Internet search found dozens of complaints about this toy . I do n't know if my purchase was defective or if the product and documentation are just so horrible that I gave up.Do not buy this toy .
 I bought these for my dog . Within 5 minutes he had chewed through them . They are too soft and heavy . Definitely not like the original pink balls
 These are NOT like the original pinkies . They are solid foam and hard.They stink . There is a horrible strong chemical smell ... presumably mostly from the ink used for the large logo ... and they have a greasy feel . I scrubbed off the ink with some liquid pumice hand cleaner , soaked them in strong detergent , and still ca n't get rid of the odor.I bought them for my dog . Even with the stink somewhat reduced , he wo n't go near a ball ... backs away from it . If I had n't been able to get the ink off and the smell somewhat reduced , I would n't have given him one in the first place ... that is so toxic smelling.I 'll be donating these ... since they 're clean , I guess it wo n't harm children to play with them.I 'll go order the more expensive Spaldings now .
 As others have written , they are slightly smaller than the `` real '' Pinkys , they are slightly `` dead , '' but worst of all the pink outer color comes off with use . The balls become a dull greenish gray . These are made in China . I use them for throwing with the dog , and with all of the reports of Chinese toys using lead-based paint I have stopped using them and will throw the remaining 10 balls away . I ca n't afford the possibility of lead poisoning my dog .
 These are not as `` high bounce '' as are the other pinky balls - ca n't recommend them , as they are a little `` dead '' .
 I bought these balls because I thought they 'd be small enough for foot therapy . They are not.I took one out of the bag and it smelled , like gasoline . I 've left the one out of the bag to see if the smell would disapate.It did not . So far it 's been 36 hours and it still has a strong gasoline smell . I checked the package to see what theywere made of to make them smell that way but could n't find any information except that they were made by a companyin China . Since I ca n't use them I was going to give them to my granddaughter to take to daycare to share with her classmatesbut I 'm worried these are n't safe for children ... or pets.I 'm going to give the one another 24 hrs to see if the smell goes away . If I ca n't send them back , I will probably just throwthem away . I sure do n't want to make any children or pets sick .
 The product pictured is NOT what you get . I bought this toy to get `` people '' and the photo shows a family of 4 , but it only came with 2 people . I am so annoyed right now . It feels like the old `` bait and switch '' . One person 's face paint is all smudged so it looks like she 's wearing war paint . This is my first and LAST Playmobil product .
 Despite it looking slick and being pretty well built , this product is garbage . It 's supposed to work like an ultra-directional microphone , but you can hear everything around you , especially the sounds closer to you -LRB- i.e. your own foot steps , traffic noise -RRB- that interfere with those sounds you are aiming at . The `` frequency '' dial is nothing but a volume control . Totally useless .
 I was so excited to get this to try listening to nature sounds . Instead all I hear is a buzz . You cant hear anything over the buzzing sound . The instruction manual is impossible to understand . After an hour I figured out how to use the record and playback features . By trial and error , the instructions were translated to english and make no sense . Do not waste your money on this . The naked ear works better .
 For one thing , do n't order this from the company called ^ & & % green house , because they will take thier time shipping it . i paid for express shipping -LRB- which by USPS standards should have took 3-4 days -RRB- mine took a week and a half . But , its great for children under 7 , cub scouts , girl scouts , great for listening to bugs , and your own breathing . But , as far as listening to someone from a distance , it sucks
 my child got hurt with the golf club . the inside of his palm got stuck between the head of the club and the stick as he was turning it to pull it apart.Hasbro is going to review it . -LRB- my son is 5 years old -RRB-
 My daughter received this toy for Christmas a year ago . She has tried to play it many times with us and with her friends . It always looks so fun on the box . The problems with this toy are multiple . First , it comes in four pieces-which will NOT stay together long enough to play the game . It is a frustrating game because it is so hard to score anything ! Now , I 've had kids from 4 to 43 try this thing and it is tough !! The gopher which pops up broke shortly after arrival and it no longer pops up . -LRB- I guess we should be glad that it did n't get stuck in the up position ! -RRB- To top it all off , getting the pieces back into the original packaging ai n't no easy feat either ! I would save my money and stick with the Silly Bowling game . It is a lot more fun and a lot more durable .
 My sons 2 and 4 played with this toy for about 10 minutes after setting it up . We all hated the way it fell apart when moved , and the balls didnt always go where they were supposed to . When in storage , you need to take out the batteries for the thing to shut up , otherwise you hear it in the closet in the middle of the night . My husband said he turned the switch off , but it was faulty . The boys had more fun hitting each other with the clubs , than trying to sink the balls . My recommendation ... dont buy it . Ours found a permanent placement in the garbage .
 I thought this toy looked great but soon found differently . My 3 and 5 year old tried to play but it did not hold their interest at all . The toy is quite cheaply made and I keep finding it apart after it is used . There are so many great games and the price on this one does not warrant purchasing . Save your money !!!
 Sigh . I really hate it when people take a great idea only go half way with it . Such is the case with the Franklin Rocket eBook . A 22 oz . book is stupid , but a 22 oz . library is a great idea . To be able to carry hundreds of books on a few memory cards would have made the eBook worth its weight in gold . Instead , to expand it 's meager memory I 'm required to box it up and send it , along with $ 150 , across county for 3-4 weeks for their ` technicians ' to remove 4 screws and plug in a proprietary 32 MB memory module . How much of a ` technician ' do you need to be to remove 4 screws anyway?There are several memory card formats available on the market . I was just looking at one , an 80 MB Flash Memory card for well under $ 100 , that I should have been able to purchase and install right then and there . That 's what I do with my digital camera , but I ca n't do it with my eBook.Instead , as I travel around I need to carry along my laptop just to store the books I might want to download into the eBook . I can just see myself doing this on a long flight . Not ! Or in a business meeting . `` Sorry , my son must have been using my eBook and removed those files to make room ... `` I have other complaints with the eBook , starting with the fact that the first one I owned died within 3 days , and that the slick plastic case is tiring to hold one handed for hours on end , whereas a sculpted case and rubber non-slip coating would have reduced fatigue considerable . Investing a little time and money into listening to a human factors engineer would have been a good idea.But the biggest gripe is still that a 22 oz . book is stupid , but a 22 oz . library would have been wonderful .
 My wife purchased a Rocket ebook for me for Christmas . She started here at Amazon . She carefully checked the Rocket web site as well , and spoke to the folks that make the Rocket . She was assured that everything required to use the Rocket with a Mac was included . Wrong ! Any Mac currently being made or made during the past year or so requires a Keyspan connector between the e-book and the Mac USB slot . This costs $ 80 . It is not mentioned in any documentation that comes with the ebook . It took me more than an hour to get through to the company . At first they responded by saying it was at their Website and/or in the FAQ section , but we `` went to their Web site together '' while I was on the phone , and they reluctantly conceded that they had mislead the public . The company does literature . Guide provided on the ebook . Regardless of how much I may eventually enjoy this toy , I 'll never develop a high regard for NuvoMedia , which makes the Rocket ebook .
 The instructions were complex , but not too cumbersome . Getting through the game took about 10 minutes and was not terribly interesting or fun . A big problem we had was that it had to really be dark to see the difference between the night and day markings . Then we could n't see the dice . In all fairness we played it through only once , and after reading the other reviews we 'll try again . But , I really do n't think we 're missing anything crucial . Maybe it 's a matter of preference , but we 're pretty easily amused , and this one just did n't do it .
 When my sister and I saw this game at the store it looked interesting . We both enjoyed the Buffy the Vampire Slayer board game , and while we 're not D&D types we do enjoy a good RPG type board game . This has to be the lamest game I 've ever played , and as a 28 year old woman I can assure you I do n't use the word ` lame ' often . But frankly there is just no other word to describe it . The lantern is a cute gimmick , it really is . And it might 've been good if the game surface were larger and the game more challenging . But the fact is there is ZERO challenge involved . When you do get to the bad guys it does n't matter what kind of weapon you have , it does n't matter if you have advanced to a certain level of strength . You just roll a dice and if you get a hit you win , if you get a skull you go back a short distance . Even killing the main bad guy is n't a challenge . If you do n't manage to kill him in your requisite three hits , the next time it only takes as many as you missed to finish him -LRB- ie if you got two out of three hits you only need one hit next time -RRB- , and that also applies to whoever gets there after you . They do n't even explain the rules well , no discussion of whether you should start on night or day , no explanation for why there are blue and red cards . Overall I 'd give this game a 0 out of 5 if I could . ...
 This version has a number of esoteric and poorly written questions . My biggest complaint , however , would be the apparent commercialism . Is it possible that companies payed Hasbro to have their brand name on questions ? One fitting example asked which two letters in amazon.com 's logo are connected by an arrow .
 Yikes ! There 's trivial , but then there 's ridiculous . If you 're over 30 , playing this game is laughable . So obscure are some of the questions and answers -- that it 's really more of a guessing game than one that tests your knowledge . It 's too bad , since previous editions are fun . And sorry , I agree that the card dispenser can be a bit aggravating -- just give us the box to hold the cards in !!! Why fix it if it ai n't broken ?
 Trivial Pursuit has long been a staple in our household ... until now . This edition is simply absurd . It seems as if the writers tried to come up with questions even Alex Trebek could n't as as if he knew the answers to . There are FAR superior board games that will enlighten and entertain . In jest , I have issued a durability ranking of 5 since it will never get any use in our home .
 My family and I were excited with this new edition , the commerical looked really fun , but that 's all there is that is fun about this game - the commercial.First , the board is flimsy - they `` cheaped '' out on the construction and still charge $ 29.99 for the piece of junk.Not to mention the pie wedges are also made from thinner plastic than the old games.Second , they made this new card dispensing box - you have to murder yourself to get one card out or end up bending the cards , this is too time consuming , we ended up just leaving them in a pile on the table.Finally , the questions are bad . No one can figure out the answers to these obscure questions.So do n't bother wasting your money on a cheaply made , poor question , not much fun game .
 I read the online reviews of this game but instead of lending credence to popular opinion , still decided to buy it . Obviously , when someone takes the time to comment on something , it is for a reason . I should have listened to reason.Two of us opened this game with the anticipation of having a fun time drawing on our memories of newsworthy events of the last twenty years . But first off , we were disappointed because the new card-dispensing apparatus was missing a piece . Then , we found the individual cards were hard to remove from the card shoe unless we licked our fingers first -LRB- I left my rubber finger-tip at the office - darn ! -RRB- . The board is also very cheaply made -- the only reason it will last forever at our house is because this game will never again be played.Now ... to the game . First , the wording of the questions was terrible ! Many of the questions did n't make sense until the reader reworded them . Second , even if the questions DID make sense , most -LRB- 70 % ? -RRB- were so obscure we did n't have a chance at arriving at the correct answers . One would think this game would quiz you on highlights of the last twenty years . But , one would be wrong . Very little `` popular '' news was addressed . Third , this game can not even be called educational because few of the `` facts '' need ever be used again.Two well-read , well-rounded , socially aware adults were reduced to eye rolling and sighing out of boredom . We finally quit the game when our pat answer turned out to be , `` Who gives a ... '' The only entertainment value we got out of this game was laughing at the inanity of it all . A super waste of money and time .
 I wish I had read the reviews first , because I was very disappointed in this version . I love board games , and I have always enjoyed trivial pursuit , but this version is not worth the money , and here 's why
 This game was rediculously difficult to play . I think I answered , in one game session and not including the multiple choice questions , six questions accurately . Who is this game really geared towards ? Not the average adult , and I flatter msyelf to say that I am an educated man . This game had questions that , unless you are a scholarly person who keeps up on every tidbit of information , you would never know the answer.I think they should come up with an edition that is geared towardsd the more everyday individual . What do you think ?
 I played this at a party with about 10 college-educated 20 and 30-somethings who were initially so excited about it . Everyone lost interest w / the game in 20 minutes b/c it was sooo hard and instead it became a contest to try and get a single question correct . We were lucky to have some other options and just went for a round of The 80 's Game instead - I would rather overplay that one , than struggle with a game that is no fun at all .
 Save your money and buy a different game . I have always loved Trivial Pursuit and have many editions but this one is ridiculously hard .
 We have a family tradition of playing Trivial Pursuit when we 're all together at holidays . We were very disappointed at Thanksgiving when 3 teams -LRB- 4 college freshmen , 3 upperclassmen , & 4 parents -RRB- played the new edition . The questions were poorly worded -LRB- it took 3-4 readings just to understand them -RRB- and they were extemely obscure . We could only answer 10 % of them . What fun is that ? We went back to the Genus 5 cards -LRB- too easy -RRB- & the original cards . Geography on the original was a challenge since we had to answer as of 1981 -LRB- largest country in Europe , not counting the Soviet Union , for instance -RRB- . I wish I could return the game .
 I think I have played just about every version of trivial pursuit , and this is definately my least favorite . Here 's why
 I love Trivial Pursuit . I play it every Sunday night with my family as part of a game night . We purchased this edition when it came out a few years back and expected more of the same old types of trivial pursuit questions we 've come to know . That is some very easy , some very hard , but all relatively decent trivia.I may not know who was the Secretary of State for a certain President and I 'd have no way of intelligently guessing it , but it 's a decent bit of trivia to know.This 20th Anniversary Edition is a JOKE . The questions are all either SO easy a 10 year old could answer them or so incredibly obscure and specific that you 'd absolutely have to have prior detailed knowledge of the subject to answer the question . Here 's what I mean : You may not know that `` He '' is the periodic symbol for `` Helium , '' but you could take a guess at it and maybe get it correct.That 's what old school TP questions are like . Sometimes you could deduce the answer from the way the question was worded or the question was broad enough to allow some deductive thought to arrive at the answer.No WAY in this game . The questions are all ridiculously obscure and specific things . Here 's a -LRB- paraphrased -RRB- example
 I had recently purchased Trivial Pursuit Vol 6 , and wanted something more fun and easy everyone could play . That was the impression I got from this product -- that it would be questions from the last 20 years that everyone would know . I expected the game to be easier , more fun , and bring back events from the past 20 years.I was greatly mistaken . The questions are not just trivial , they are OBSURE trivia from the last 20 years . There are NO knowlage questions at all . This is the first trivial pursuit game I have found to be absolutely NO fun at all . I recommend reading the review above carefully . The questions are very similar to `` What tennis star was forced to do situps in her crib ? '' Those are the kind of questions that are all throughout this set.I highly recommend trivial pursuit volume 6 intead of the 20th edition . The balence of questions between knowlage and trivia is much better , the difficulty is more balenced , and the game MUCH more enjoyable.On the plus side , I did like the card dispenser that came with the game .
 I 'm all for raising the bar , but they just over-shot it with this one . My boyfriend and I are both great at Trivial Pursuit , and sometimes it only takes 45 minutes to complete a game , but this game took us 2 and a half hours . And I forfeited . I know what trivial means , but the questions are beyond trivial . It 's just too hard to be fun . Educationally speaking-the questions are so hard that when you find out the right answer it 's so obscure that you ca n't remember it . If you are a trivia collector or something like that it 's worth having , but for fun on a Sunday try one of the other editions .
 I RECEIVED THIS TOY LAST WEEK FOR MY BIRTHDAY . HAD A FEW FRIENDS OVER LAST NIGHT FOR A GOOD OLD GAME OF TRIVIAL PERSUIT . THE GAME LASTED OVER 4 HOURS ! THE QUESTIONS ARE WORDED HORRIBLY ! WE WILL DEFINITELY SWITCH BACK TO PLAYING THE OLDER EDITION .
 This game is not nearly as interesting as the TV commercials imply . The questions concern quite obscure subjects and are not very fun .
 We bought this game thinking it would be in the same lines of the Genus IV edition , but with questions from the past 20 years . We would end up asking all the questions on each card to see if anyone could get even one question right . We went several cards before anyone got any questions correct .
 Yuck ! I am so disappointed with this game ! The questions were not interesting as the tv commercials would have you believe , they were wordy and about obscure topics , the same can be said about the categories - they are very unclear - you do n't know what type of question you 'll be asked-but on other versions you do know what type of question you 'll be asked . We also had trouble with card sorter - it would hand out 3 cards at a time . Also the board is very very flimsy and dull . I wish I could give this game zero stars .
 I paid nearly $ ... for this game , excited for the new version . Five played -- ages 30 to 57 , college educated and well traveled folks . There are many things I could say about this game , but fun , durable , fast paced are definitely not the descriptive words I would use . The questions are poorly written , difficult to understand and well beyond the definition of trivia . The board is flimsy , hardly even lays flat . We have to order the card dispenser which was `` temporarily out of stock due to high demand '' . Why bother ! This game will not be played again in our house . The earlier versions are fun . This one is a joke . If I could take this game back I would ! ... Believe me -- listen to the bad reviews . I wish I had !
 At first my sister thought that I had forgotten how to read , but then we realized that whole questions were mis-worded and some answers clearly wrong . Example : Q
 the questions were long . not to the point . The questions were very hard . A friend of mine A Harvard Grad could not answer even 95 o/o of the questions . Save your money . Do n't buy it .
 We had a party of 12 people , excited to come play an edition that was supposed to be from our generation . 90 % of the questions were so abstract that no one had ever heard of anything to do with the answer or question . It felt like whoever authored this game was stretching to find tidbits of trivia from the past 20 years to finish this game . We only finished the game because we had good food and drink to help tolerate such a difficult game . I 'm donating mine to the Goodwill and going back to the editions we 've had for years . Next time they decide to create a new game , they should get real and find trivia that more than 1 % of the population has heard about !
 I bought this game because my family loves to play trivial pusuit games and I thought with this latest one my brother and I would finally be on equal playing ground with my parents . It was so bad we returned it ! The questions are worded so confusingly that we 'd have to have the team who was asking the question look at the answer to tell us what the question was really asking in an understandable manner . The questions were also really hard and not very interesting.My advice , save your money .
 I was very excited by this version from the commercial , and was very disappointed when I got it home . I really like Trivial Pursuit and I love the Millenium edition , and I thought this would be great for anyone who grew up in the 80s , but first of all , this has to be the cheapest board ever made by trivial pursuit . I enjoyed all the real life photos on the millenium edition and I thought this version would have some too . Also , the categories are obscure and the questions are n't very interesting or entertaining . If you were only going to buy one version of trivial pursuit , get the millenium edition for sure , I would n't even recommend this one as a second or third best . I hope this helps .
 I just received this game for Christmas and was eager to play . Now I 'm ready to throw it away . First of all I opened the box to find a note stating that the deluxe card dispenser was not included -LRB- due to over whelming demand -RRB- and that I would have to order one from the website . To say the least I was displeased , but decided to give the game a chance . Bad decision , this game is very hard . I have a hard time believing that anyone could find this game enjoyable . The questions are ridiculous . I played with 20 and 30 something 's all college educated , we all found the game extremely hard . I only wish I had read the reviews before deciding to make this purchase . I wo n't make that mistake again . Take my advice do n't buy this game . It is the worst game I have ever played !!
 We bought this game hoping that for once there would be a Trivial Pursuit game that was not too difficult , since we were born in the 70 's . This game still proved to be full of questions that we had no idea what they were asking most of the time let alone what the answers were ! We are both university graduates and we both felt pretty stupid !!! Maybe the 80 's edition would be better for us ???! If you were in touch with many of the world events of this time frame you might do better with this game .
 I picked this up on clearance , but I still think I spent too much . The older versions were made of much sturdier material ; the cards the questions are printed on are very flimsy compared to the original game . The questions are okay , but many are very obscure . Trivial Pursuit is a great game and it 's one of my favorites , but this version is a dud . Save your money if you have the older version ; it 's still a lot more fun to play .
 The old Trivial Pursuit , as well as the Baby Boomer Edition , was tremendous fun . Most of the time , when one got an answer wrong , the correct answer at least gave one the feeling
 The questions in this game are fine . They did seem a little more difficult than some other versions , but my complaints are almost solely on the design . The board is flimsy . It feels something like one of those games you might cut out of the back of a cereal box , and there are maybe half as many cards as in the standard versions . What you are paying for is the fancy-schmancy plastic card dispenser that does n't work ! You 're supposed to just slide a card out and start reading , but you usually end up holding two or three . What was so difficult about taking the cards out of a box ? The game is a classic . You do n't need to redesign it every time , just make more cards .
 I recently recieved this gift for Christmas and played it with family . The kids -LRB- under 14 -RRB- had trouble with a lot of the questions even though they they are cultured . The adults -LRB- 30 's to 50 's -RRB- also had trouble even though they too are well cultured . Overall the adults had more fun because obviously they were around when these facts were collected and every time at least one person knew the correct answer . The kids also surprised us when they answered questions that you could only learn by watching TV or reading some magazine . Occasionally they would know the correct president who did something or correct rock star . But overall I would not buy this game for a crowd under 40 .
 I bought the game hoping that there would be the same type of great questions as the original . I am very disappointed with the lame questions . Waste of money .
 Most of the questions in this game are ridiculous . The old trivial pursuit used to actually be about knowledge , but this anniversary edition asks questions you could not actually know the answer to , you just have to guess . For instance , ` which Charmed star likes spam sandwiches ? ' It 's one thing to not know a piece of information but it 's entirely another to be asked about information that is n't knowable . Most of our fun was had talking about how ridiculous the questions were .
 We played this game and the questions were all from the past couple of years -LRB- with maybe 3 from further back -RRB- . We were very disappointed . The questions were n't just flukes , either , as the owner has played it again since then with similar results .
 Maybe I 'm not old enough to remember EVERYthing from the past 20 years , but I thought that I might have had a good shot at it . This game was way too hard , though . I think if you 're a trivia buff then this might be the game for you , but otherwise the questions are way too ... well , trivial .
 First , the game board is flimsy . Now the game play
 This game was too difficult for my group . We played it once , and sold it . I 'm a pretty major trivia buff , and I thought they were tough ... The rest of the group felt many questions were impossible . Be prepared to play for a while .
 I bought this game for Christmas and my family refuses to play it again . Nobody knew any of the answers . Trivia is trivia , but these are things nobody knows .
 The questions were impossible ! We tried playing with people aged 21-35 , which is the target audience , and it was terrible . One tip for a new rule to make this game even slightly fun
 Six of us get together to play games once every two weeks and were looking forward to playing this new edition . The TV ads made it look fun and more accessible than previous versions , we had not found trivial pursuit to be fun before . The questions were extremely difficult and we found ourselves making a `` who cares '' face a lot . Yes there are two decks of cards -LRB- those should be labeled impossible and ridiculous -RRB- , we even tried to mix them to find some fun ones , but things did not get better , we eventually gave up . Our board was damaged when we opened it . The card shoe is a nice feature , but not enough to make it worth the money . All in all a real wet blanket on what we hoped was going to be a fun night .
 We recently bought this game to play at a family gathering . We have kids in their 20 's who were always discouraged playing the Genus edition because many of the questions were before they were even born so we thought this might be more age appropriate . Boy were we wrong ! The questions were so trivial that there was no one at the table who had even heard of many of question 's subject matters . In reference to one reviewer , no we did not expect easy questions but we did expect that with people in age ranges 20 's to 50 's that someone would have heard of the subjects . The questions were so convoluted and wordy with unnecessary garbage that by the time the last part of the question was read you had forgotten the first part of the question . Do n't waste your money .
 I am 28 years old and was excited to get the 20th anniversary edition because I thought the questions would be more current and applicable for my demographic . I was very disappointed ... a large amount of the questions are very obscure and some are so confusing that we had to read them 3 times in order to grasp the question.The game is also kind of cheap looking as the board and the cards are very flimsy , compared to previous editions.That said , you can still have a good game if you have a lot of time and patience and do n't mind laughing at some of the random , obscure questions . It 's fun to get questions about old TV shows you used to watch , current event questions that are still `` current '' , etc. .
 This is pure trash . Just trying to understand what someof the questions are asking for is worth a pie . Do thepeople writing the questions have an education pastthe 6th grade level ? This game -LRB- if you can call it that -RRB- should be called `` Trivial Minutia . '' Please spend yourmoney on something you know you 'll enjoy .
 I was thrilled to find out that Trivial Pursuit , one of my all-time favorite games , had a new 20th anniversary edition ! I wanted this game so bad for Christmas ! Our local store ran out of them and I did n't get one ... I was heartbroken . But , alas , in late January there it was , sitting on the store shelf beconning to me ... I did not have the money at the time , so I quickly put it on layaway . Before I had the chance to get it out of layaway , a friend of mine brought her game over -LRB- SHE got one for Christmas -RRB- - I was HORRIFIED . The game was stuffy and boring , and the questions were of little or no interest . I am a relatively intelligent person , and I found the questions to be next to impossible to answer . After 5 minutes , it was packed back up in the box and we have yet to get it out again . Needless to say , I am quite glad that I got a glimpse before I spent -LSB- $ $ -RSB- on this game . SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 I think the game is frustratingly hard . Other versions are much easier and more enjoyable . The commericials make you think the questions are about sheep and Kato Kalin , not rocket science . I 'll probalby sell mine ... !
 Do n't do what I did folks . I read the lousy reviews , decided I needed to find out for myself , bought the game that night , and guess what I found out ? That I just wasted money ! This is NOT your fun , yet challenging trip down memory lane for 20 to 30 year olds like I thought it would be . The questions were impossible to get answers to , took the fun right out of it . The commercial that advertises the game is very misleading ; instead of showing pictures of Michael Jordan and Clara Peller , they should be showing the Wall Street Journal and Newsweek Magazine . In fact , this game is ideal for those of you 30somethings that did NOT spend any time watching TV or listening to music when you were growing up . Instead , you were glued to CNN .
 This game was so difficult . We played with 8 adults , all college educated -LRB- with Masters Degrees -RRB- ranging in ages from 25 to 38 . We all found the questions to be poorly worded and difficult to read . Most were also impossible to answer . All 8 of us agreed we had no desire to torture ourselves again with this game . Warning
 I wish I would have read the reviews before I bought this game . I am so disappointed , I would n't expect a trivial pursuit game to be so bad . Now I know that having a cheap board is not a reason not to buy the game , but how could they justify charging the amount they do for this cheaply made game ? This game has the least amount of questions/cards of any version I have ever played . It 's true about the card dispenser also , it is very hard to get out just one card at a time , and when there are so few to begin with , you do n't want to waste any . Also the questions are not as much fun as I thought they 'd be from the tv ads . Some were more wordy than they needed to be and were n't very clear . I played it with 4 people and we all agreed that we did n't like this version at all . I would n't recommend this game even if it was half the price , but I really think it 's overpriced . Go for the other versions instead , like the genus version , it 's tried and true . I 'm not the only one that feels this way , take a look at many of the other reviewers , you 'll find many of the same comments .
 Ok , I 've seen that reviewers that have given this a bad review have gotten bad reviews themselves -LRB- ie . people are voting that their review is n't helpful -RRB- . Well I 'm just going to give you my opinion but also tell you WHY I feel this way about the game , and hopefully you 'll find it helpful . First of all , I love trivial Pursuit , I have the millenium edition , Genus edition and the Star wars edition , so I was n't already going into the game with a bad attitude or anything . I was very excited about this edition , I was born in the 70 's so I figured questions from the last 20 years would be just up my alley , I did n't expect to know all of them , but I expected the questions to be challenging , entertaining and well-worded . It was challenging , it asked many things I 've never heard of , and the questions were n't entertaining and were so poorly worded , we had to read the questions 3 times before we understood what the question was looking for . Even the topics are obscure - like `` Global View '' what exactly is that representing ? At least other trivial pursuit you knew what type of question would be asked . I agree with all the other reviewers that said the board was extremely cheaply made , and I had trouble with the card sorter too , it would bend cards and pass out 2-3 at a time :-LRB- I enjoyed other versions much , much better . They 'd ask questions where , maye you did n't know the answer - but you 'd laugh when you found out - Like `` Who Invented the toliet ? '' Answer
 We bought this thinking we had a chance to get some right . We were so WRONG . This game is hard , if not impossible sometimes . We are 25 and struggle with Brown -LRB- virtually impossible to get any right unless you get lucky -RRB- and Yellow . It is very expensive at ... , the card holder is very nice , it can be used for blackjack also , but the board is not very durable . You 'd think for -LSB- the money -RSB- they would have a more durable board . I reccommend it , but be prepared for games longer than Monopoly !!!!
 What a disappointment . I purchased the game for the holidays . We got ready to play and were very disappointed . The game board is flimsy and cheap . The questions were seemingly from the last four years and dull . I will probably give it to the goodwill as no one has any interest in playing this verison !
 This game is extremely hard . I purchased it for my husband for Christmas . We played with 10 college graduates in the 40-45 agegroup . I think we correctly answered 1 out of every 20 questions . We finally just gave up with the `` winners '' having only 3 wedges . The questions are poorly written and so ridiculous that nobody would know the answer . This was a severely disappointing purchase . I wish I could return it .
 The game is not fun and is to hard for the average mind to come up with the answer . It gets to a point where everybody tries to help one another just to finish the game . Long and boring .
 It 's not that the questions are hard -LRB- though most of them are -RRB- . It 's not even that the questions are about stuff most people * just do n't care about * . -LRB- Hey , they said it was trivia ; they did n't say it was * interesting * trivia . -RRB- No , the real problem with this 20th anniversary edition is that many of the questions-and-answers are just plain wrong . In fact , as we played this over Thanksgiving , we ended up making a `` dispute pile '' of cards whose answers were possibly -- or definitely -- incorrect.Just a couple of examples
 I bought this game to play with my boyfriend and his parents . After 2 and a half hours we gave up , citing the fact that none of us knew any of the answers to these extreemly obscure questions . The entertainment questions were ok . But we were stuck on the written word for about an hour .
 Ugh ! If I had read the reviews , I never would have bought this game . Even in the `` good reviews '' you still hear people saying `` the board was cheap '' or `` the dispenser did n't work right '' and then the bad reviews were correct - what is wrond with teh people who wrote these questions ? Where they translating from Latin or something ? I could n't understand what they were looking for many times , and we 'd have to re-read questions over and over , which made for a very boring game ! It 's nothing like previous versions , and I ca n't undesrtand where they justify charging the amount they do for this game . I nejoy the Genus version so much more Look at all the reviews before you buy , you 'll see many people had the same complaints .
 Trivial Pursuit has been a tradition in my family since I was so small the only contribution I could attempt was rolling for my team . I have played the old Genus edition , the Baby Boomer 's edition , the new Genus edition , the kid 's edition , the millenium edition , and I had the misfortune of receiving the 20th anniversary edition for Christmas this year . What a waste of money/time . Everything in the negative reviews below is 100 % true . I am at the tail-end of Gen-X , have an IQ over 140 , stay fairly current on events of the past 20 years , but most of the questions were so obscure they gave me a headache . The ones we could answer were totally obvious . The new Genus edition and the millennium edition are ten times more fun than this horrible game . Playing a game should make you happy , not upset you ! I would highly recommend avoiding this version !
 If you know what three genus and species crosses were used to develop lettuce in 1998 , you 'll be able to answer the questions in Trivial Pursuit 20th Anniversary . Gathering with family and friends for a game of Trivial Pursuit is always a blast - except with this edition!Packaged in the usual square durable colorful box , the box invites you to play what promises to be a fun game of question and answer . Except the questions are incredibly obscure and nearly impossible to answer . The usual game components are there
 See all of the negative reviews ? Notice that they 're all saying the same things ? Avoid this edition!I 'm just going to be repeating what everyone else has said . The questions are obscure , poorly worded , and uninteresting . It 's as though the people who make Trivial Pursuit just slapped together another edition to cash in on the brand for the holidays.Save your money and buy another edition !
 One would think that a trivial pursuit game with more recent questions would make the original easier . It does n't . I think we actually answered LESS questions in it . Typically when I was the reader of the traditional game , the other questions would spark my interest and I would find myself looking at the answers while the guesser was thinking . In this game , I could care less about most of the questions . They just are n't interesting . And the board is relatively cheap , popping up at the creases .
 My family has always enjoyed playing Trivial Pursuit on holidays but when we recently played TP 20th Anniversary during a family gathering , we were very disappointed . We thought that this version might be a little easier for some of the younger family members that wanted to play along with the adults . Like many of the others that have reviewed this game , we too found most of the trivia so obscure that it nearly made the game unenjoyable . In addition , many of the questions seemed to be worded so poorly that we could barely understand them , much less answer them . I recommend sticking with one of the previous versions of this game . They were much more enjoyable .
 The product image seems just a LITTLE different from the name if the item ... I mean , sure , it 's probably pretty sturdy and well made , but I do n't think it 's entirely true to the character design from the show ... For one thing , the colors seem way off .
 This game is for kids not adults . It is very short game play , not much strategy , and the cardboard coasters fall apart . If I were ten again I would enjoy this game . If you love playing the computer version of this game chances are you will not like this board game . It will just end up sitting on your shelf taking up space .
 This table was not as advertised . The `` padding '' on the underside was just some lick-and-stick small foam fingers that would not hold up . There were several screws missing from the supports which could not be replaced into the particle board . The stiffeners were very flimsy . The whole table seemed like it would not last at all . We returned it unused . Note to Amazon
 This product is MDF and comes in two pieces . One person can put it on and off , though it 's a little awkward because of it 's size -RRB- . It ships face on face with a thin strip -LRB- 1/64 '' -RRB- of foam around the edges so when you get it it will be marred and chipped -LRB- the two face pieces are basically rubbed against themselves all the way to your house . Where the two pieces join in the middle -LRB- after you place them on your table is unfinished . I 'm not sure why . I have a $ 12,000 billiard table and I WOULD NOT put this on my table without first putting a blanket on the billiard table . You are just asking for your table to be scratched . I sent mine back .
 I registered for and received this as a gift when I was pregnant with my first son and I was very disappointed in it . In order to use it , it has to be attached to the car seat 's carrier bar , which is supposed to be folded down while you 're driving . So , you ca n't use it while the car seat is in the car . And to use it while the baby is in his seat while you shop is just frustrating . The thing wo n't stay in place . I tried using it a few times and now it 's just sitting in my trunk .
 The picture and description online is nothing like the product I received .
 By all means use this on your stroller or on your carseat while not in the car!Items added to your carseat are not recommended by any carseat manufacturer as they were not tested with the seat . These are called after-market products . In addition to that reason , please read your carseat manual to determine proper positioning of the handle for vehicle travel . The carseats are only tested with the handle in the position noted in the manual . In the event of a crash , a handle in the wrong position could break off and injure the baby or another occupant of the vehicle.Buckle up safely !
 I received this as a shower gift and thought it would be a cute toy for my daughter , but stopped using it soon after . I had it hung from her car seat and later her carriage but found the music to be loud and annoying . I stored it with her toys for occasional use and one of the pieces that hangs down broke off leaving a sharp edge . I discontinued use for safety reasons . Also , when the batteries run out , they can not be replaced . Do n't buy this product for your child . It should be recalled .
 I got this for my baby shower . The buttons never worked though . And there is no batteries to change so I had to take it back . I decided not to exchange it for another , just in case the batteries die too soon or something . Made me weary . Also when I tested another one , they sounds it makes are pretty annoying . I decided to buy the Lamaze Link A long friends instead and Just LOVE them .
 Have any of you experienced problems with the paint rubbing off on this product ? If so , please let me know at tali@iwon.com .
 I bought this toy for my daughter when she was 3 months old and attached it to her carrier thinking it would give her something to look at . She was terrified of it so i took it off and waited till she was older . I tried again at 5 months , terrified.Again at 7 months 8 months 9 months , still terrified . . Now she 's 15 months and will toss it back at me when i take it out . What is it ? The music ? the triangle face of the toy ? I do n't know , she just does n't like it .
 I expected the pegs to be larger then they were . I also thought they did n't send them in the most cost effectent way . They could have sent them thru the mail in an envelope cheaper . I wo n't order from this company again .
 I bought this toy for my son at 6 months and a year later he still loves it . It is loud , but who 's ever danced to the chicken dance softly ? The major complaint I have is Elmo 's neck broke after about 5 months , it just clicked everytime his head was suppose to circle ... . After a little TLC and neck surgery Elmo 's doing great!Buy this toy and have fun with your little one doing the chicken dance !
 My 5 month old enjoys this more than my 3 year old , the one this toy was intended for ! It is n't at all stimulating for an older child , and does the same thing over and over . Elmo is of course lovable and cute , but this , in my opinion , is a waste of a toy and will get old very quickly .
 Okay , it sounded like a fun idea . It seemed like the kids would have some innocent fun . It 's been a week . I have already grown sick of chicken-dancing . The other day I accidently hit the button and he began dancing the chicken thing for the billionth time . I 've already drop-kicked him into the woods behind our house but they found it and it continued to work . Folks , the 5 STARS I give this toy for durability is NOT A COMPLIMENT !!! Do n't make this fowl mistake !
 Its loud , no volume controlIts clunky , not soft at all , when he 's dancing kids cant hold him , It has NO STUFFING , so when kids try to hold it its not cudley , you can feel all the solid parts through elmo.ALL THIS TOY DOES IS SING THE SAME SONG AND MAKE SOME HORRIBLE NOISE THAT DOESNT EVEN SOUND LIKE A CHICKEN.I wish I spent the money on something else.No educational value , not fun , kind of scary , cant hug it , lots of HARD plastic on elmo .
 My son adores Elmo , but he is deathly afraid of this one . It is WAY too loud and he is afraid to even go near it . Other than the dance , there is n't much else to this toy .
 My son of 12 years old did n't accept elmo at first . But then he started getting taught by Elmo . Taught to do drugs , swear , and play tennis . If the people at the toy making company would look more at this , they would stop it with the subliminal messages when he says `` Lets break dance '' . But all I hear is `` lets go smoke a big fatty '' . IT 'S HORRIBLE ! In fact , I 'm going to go on a sueing spree now . Who 's with me ?
 My 12 month old son received this toy as a birthday present and has always LOVED elmo . Soon after he played with this toy , he started to imitate Elmo 's head movement . The reviews say that the head movement is adorable , but in fact it teaches kids to roll their head in a 360 degree movement . Needless to say , a 12 month old who has just started to walk is rolling his head all day and this causes him to fall and hurt himself !!! ... This is a terrible toy for a new walker/runner !!! ... Forget about buying it !!!
 I got this thing with thoughts of how much fun the chicken dance is at weddings and oktoberfests . I realized my error about 1 day into it , think loud , obnoxious , horrible , want to throw it out the window ... I 'd suggest buying a quieter toy
 the most annoying toy ever . only buy for siblings or inlaw 's kids . seriously it will drive you bonkers .
 I purchased online but had the opportunity to see the product before I received it in the mail . I was disappointed in it 's value for the dollar . It was boring if you ask me and my daughter was n't interested in it at all . I 'm sorry I ordered it but it 's not worth spending the money to ship it back .
 This product is sooooooo not worth it ! I believe that my daughter is the # 1 Elmo fan and she laughed at it for about 5 minutes and then it bored her ... It 's not even the full `` chicken dance '' that 's on an Elmo video we own -LRB- one of the reasons I bought it -RRB- ... the material that the feet are covered with is so cheap that my daughter -LRB- at the time 9 months old -RRB- ripped it easily the first day ... Do not waste your money on this product !
 My son saw this in the store and he liked it . I like the Chicken Dance , too , so we brought it home . After the first few days , it became `` Wakes You Up with Squaking at 2AM Elmo '' . Shortly thereafter it became `` No Batteries Elmo '' . I just could n't take it anymore . The Squaking ... the squaking .
 I bought this toy anticipating a hearing my favorite Chicken dance song and good laugh . The song does n't last long at all and is sung too fast . A big disappointment .
 I bought this toy for my Elmo fanatic two year old son . He loves almost anything Elmo - except this toy . This toy is quite hard , not at all cuddly . Elmo sings the Chicken Dance song and bounces up and down . After a few minutes , my son found it boring and discarded it .
 We received this as a gift and were very disappointed . The stylus simply is not accurate . Whenever my son pointed to the first purple arrow on the Trail of Tears , all he got was information on Okalahoma . When he touched the state of Rhode Island dead center , he got information on the Statue of Liberty . When he touched the state of Massachusetts dead center , he got the Atlantic Ocean , and when he touched the state of Connecticut dead center , he would get information on either the Atlantic Ocean or Massachusetts . Forget about trying to identify rivers . You have to touch the name of the river -LRB- i.e. , the actual letters that spell the name -RRB- rather than the river itself to get information on the river . Another disappointing feature , but not nearly as frustrating , was the paltry amount of information provided on the Learn More About It function . When depressed , you get a single sentence of additional information . Not impressive . A great idea , but not as great as it looks . I gave it 2 stars because , despite it 's flaws , my son still liked playing with it . For this much money , you can buy a great map and a globe , too .
 Our son was excited to get this toy . The only problem is that the toy does n't do anything . It appears that it is made to be magnetic , so that the boulders stick to the construction equipment . However , this is not the case . The boulders fall off of the trucks and serve no purpose . Would be a lot more fun if they could stick to the trucks .
 I was very exicited to give this toy to my 9-month old daughter for her first Christmas . Every time we played with it in the store she could n't get enough . Finally , Christmas came and Pooh came out of the box ... the only way this thing works is if you push its ' tummy . It never works when we shake the rattle . Sometimes it will be sitting in the other room with no one around and start singing . I certainly wo n't recommend this to anyone in the future .
 My mother had bought this toy before my son was born , we saw on the comercials how the baby would rattle the rattle and pooh was suppost to shake . Well , when my son was finally old enough to play with the toy it did n't work , as far as rattling the rattle the bear would n't shake , we had to keep pressing the tummy for it to shake . So we end buying new batteries for the toy and that was n't it , it just did n't work , i was so upset to have my mom by such a cheap toy , it was false advertisement !!
 This toy will definitely teach patience to my daughter because she shakes the rattle non-stop and Pooh refuses to dance ! Since the day I opened it and put the batteries in , it only works half the time . Sometimes I see my daughter hitting Pooh over the head with the rattle because she 's frustrated he does n't move . Even when she hits him , he still only moves half the time ! Do n't waste the money ... there are many other toys on the market that are more enjoyable for your child !
 This Pooh looks like he is having a seizure ! He 's pretty freaky in our opinion . And I do n't like the `` baby '' look ; he does n't even look like Pooh .
 When Our daughter was born our son -LRB- 8 years old -RRB- saw this on T.V. and had to get it for her for Christmas . We could not find it . When we did find it our son could not wait for christmas not to se what he was getting but so he could give his sister now 8m what he thought was the best toy around . Then Christmas morning came and we opened it for her . Our son is now heart broken because no one can make it work the only way to make it work is to press pooh 's tummy . At this point I am going to call Fisher Price but from what I have read from other people that have this toy I do n't hold out much hopeWHAT A WAST OF $ 50.00 + TAX OF 15 %
 My mother-in-law bought this Pooh for my daughter for Christmas 2002 . It was difficult for my then 7 month old daughter to use . you need to put the rattle in front of Pooh 's rattle to make it go , and my daughter wants to wave teh rattle more freely . After a year , my daughter is still having a hard time with it , so we just push Pooh 's stomach to make him dance and sing . I figured this item would be gone by now , but I see it is still selling big this year . Definitely not worth $ 25 , in my opinion .
 My husband and I bought Pooh when my son was 5 mos . At first he was scared of Pooh . Then when he did warm up to him , he treated the rattle and Pooh as two different toys . -LRB- I guess too young for the cause and effect of the toy -RRB- Pooh was very hard to understand , but my son still liked him . After a few weeks with not that much use , he broke completely !!!! What makes me upset is that poor Chicken Dance Elmo got such a low review by the editor and this piece of junk got such a good one . Yeah , Elmo is loud , maybe even annoying , but hey , my son loves him , he is n't broken yet , and you can actually understand him !!!!!!! I guess I need to pay more attention to the parents reviews and not the editor !!!!!
 This was given to my daughter for her first birthday . She was instantly scared of him -LRB- first toy that has ever happened with -RRB- . It has been 3 months and she still gets upset when he wiggles , if he just sits there she likes him . There were 3 other kids her same age at her party and they all had the same reaction , maybe it was a chain reaction but I have yet to meet a mom who 's baby is not a little leery of him to begin with .
 We searched everywhere locally for this toy and was unable to find it for our daughter . Finally , I decided to check on Amazon.com and ordered it and it arrived promptly . We could n't wait to let her play with the Magic Rattle Pooh . OMG !! I ca n't even shake the rattle correctly to get him to move ... how is a child going to get the pooh to dance ? If you were interested in this product you might want to save your money or buy some other Pooh product ...
 My daughter received this toy for her 1st birthday . It 's a cute concept - but it does n't work . You have to be very close while you are shaking the rattle and you have to shake it very hard . And I ca n't understand a thing that Pooh is saying ! My daughter loves to shake the rattle - but I would n't recommend this toy .
 My mother bought this toy before my son was even born ... we saw on the comercials how the baby shakes the rattle and winnie the pooh is supposed to shake , yeah right that rattle does n't do anything you have to keep pushing the toys stomach to make it move . It was a waste of money!What a RIP OFF !!
 I bought this for my son when he was 5 months old , he likes it but everytime he shakes the rattle pooh wo n't wiggle and play music , I have to shake the rattle for him to work . Pooh will wiggle and play music based on noise , but as for the rattle working like a remote control , as advertised , it does not work unless an adult is using it , which defeats the whole purpose .
 We bought this toy for our 6 month old for Christmas because it looked very cute on T.V. . It is really hard to get the thing to shake ! I thought it was just running low on battery power so I changed the battery but still ... getting Pooh to shake and sing takes work ! My son cant make him dance on his own , you have to shake the rattle very hard right in front of the toy . Cute premise , but pretty useless in its design . Im pretty disappointed .
 I also was dissapointed by this toy . The commercial on tv makes it look like a blast , and my son loves winnie the pooh . We would always show it to him in the store and he would smile and reach for it . Finally , we bought it when he was 81/2 months old and he could care less about it . My husband and I play with it more than him trying to show him what to do.After you press pooh 's stomach , you shake the rattle near pooh 's rattle which can be a little tricky sometimes . My son just winds up putting the rattle in his mouth and playing with the rattle alone . Hopefully he 'll grow into it so we do n't feel like we wasted the money.One sidenote though ; One time my son was crying loudly and I was trying to cheer him with the toy and I noticed it is also activated by screaming children !!!!!
 I want everyone to know that I was sold on this item from the commercial alone . When we put it in front of our 6 month old daughter , we could hardly understand Pooh 's voice . It is very hard to understand what he is saying . Then we did everything we could to get him to move when we shook the rattle , but he only moved when the rattle was right next to him . We tried new batteries , but he sounded and reacted the same . I was so excited about this item , but now I am very disappointed . I am returning it to the store .
 We received the Magic Rattle Pooh as a Christmas gift for our infant son . There were no instructions with the toy . I had to come to this website to learn the mechanics of how the toy operated . I was unable to get Pooh to `` magically '' wobble by shaking the rattle . The dog likes it when the we manually activate the toy , but the motion sensor only sensed my anger and frustration and failed/refused to respond . I 'm also dissatisfied at the Fisher Price/Mattel consumer response website . It 's a one-way only email , requiring the consumer to further waste his or her time with holding on a 800 number in an attempt to get a response to their questions/issues . I see no reason for the consumer to sit on hold when the company created the problem . The consumer should be able to get a response at his or her convenience since the consumer is not at fault .
 I am also extremely disappointed . What a piece of junk ! I ca n't believe you could not find them in the stores at Christmas ! The rattle works 1/2 the time and baby loses interest . Shame on Disney !
 My son received this toy as a Christmas present , and I sure wish I had read the reviews here before throwing away the packaging , because I would definitely take this toy back for a refund . What a waste ! Like the other reviewers , I could not get the rattle sensor to work , nor does it move by just moving the toy around . The only way it works is if you press it 's tummy.What a piece of junk . Do n't waste your money on this one !
 I bought this toy for my daughter last Christmas . She was not impressed and either was I . The rattle has to be directly in front of Pooh or he will not work . The advertisement was very decieving . I would not reccomend this toy for any child .
 Sounds cool in theory but DOES NOT WORK in practice . Maybe we got a lemon , but seems like our son has to be practically on top of the Pooh with the rattle in just the right spot to get it to move . It also `` reacts '' if your child yells or cries loudly , not a habit I want my son to get into !! It also goes off at random when we 're not even in the room!Bottom line - you 're better off with a plain old battery-free stuffed animal for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- . The rattle is ugly , but entertaining enough .
 I got this magic rattle pooh bear for my daughter , that would laugh everytime she saw it on our t.v. and she is only 7 months old . So my boyfriend and I went out and got it for her . We get cute little pooh home and the only thing he did was say `` hello my name is pooh '' and that was pressing on his belly . Now the rattle situation I just do n't understand how a 6 month old is suppose to make him dance with the rattle if a grown adult ca n't even get it to respond to the rattle at all . I have read some reviews on this toy and some say there is a plastic tab that neds to be removed where is this tab ? Then he may work ! Who knows !!
 I had to have this for my son before he was even born . He got it for Christmas at six months old . He was excited as he also has a Pooh that talks when you press letters on his belly . However , the rattle is too big and hard for a six month old . He also does not understand to shake the rattle to get Pooh moving and gets frustrated , so we wind up pushing the belly . Also , when my son hits himself with the rattle , it hurts . It is rock hard plastic.It is nearly impossible to understand what the doll is saying and the movements are jerky . I am wondering if something is wrong with it actually . If that is how it is supposed to sound , it 's terrible .
 We bought this as a gift for our 6 month old daughter . She liked it at the store but when we got home , she played for about 3 minutes and then left it alone . She does n't really play with it anymore -LRB- except when she 's mad and throws it -RRB- , but the rattle came in handy . She chews on that to help her in the teething proccess . Pooh may talk clearly at first but it gets harder and harder to understand him .
 My sister bought pooh for my 7 month old for christmas . It is now January and the paint is chipping off of the rattle that my son likes to chew on . Pooh does n't move unless you press his stomach or move the rattle on top of the other rattle . I was very disappointed with this product and was alarmed that the paint was coming off . I had to throw away the rattle .
 This toy does n't work . I changed the batteries , pulled the tag , got right up close to it with the rattle , and shook like heck !! Needless to say nothing happened . It 's really a cute toy with a great concept , but what happened Fisher-Price ? Needs work !
 This toy is very cute and the commercials make it look like an outstanding toy ! Forget it ! We could not get the Pooh to work correctly . We changed the batteries just like the box said and still nothing . It only would work if we pushed his belly . We shook the rattle , screamed at him , hit him , and nothing . Than , like magic , one day later , it worked perfect . Well , maybe perfect for an adult , but not a 10 month old . This toy should be A LOT more sensitive for it to correctly work for the 6month + that they recommend this toy for ! It was a gift and the box is gone , otherwise , we would have returned it !
 We purchased Pooh for our 9 month old for Christmas , we were very frustrated to find that between 4 adults we COULD NOT get Pooh to respond to his rattle ! I thought that perhaps we had gotten a lemon , but looking at other reviews our problems with Pooh are not an isolated case . Seems as though you either get a Pooh that works or does n't . Loud noises do seem to `` set him off '' , but if loud noise is the only way to get this Pooh to dance ... forget it!Don ' t waste your money hoping your Pooh works !
 My son received this when he was less than a year old . It did n't get his attention right away . He 'd watch Pooh dance and sing but it did n't excite him . He 'd play with it if it 's the only toy around but he 'd chose other toys if he could . It 's cute but is n't soft enough to cuddle with . It also requires a large movement or sound to activate it .
 Ok , I was seduced by the cuteness factor of this toy , but it 's really difficult for me , let alone my 9 month old daughter to get Pooh to actually move by using the rattle ... too bad - I was really excited about this , but it just sits on our daughters bookshelf .
 This toy has a really good idea for play but it does not work . On tv the toy started dancing and singing with just a small shake of the rattle , in order to get this toy to work you need to shake the rattle very hard . I would suggest to anyone do not buy this toy .
 I thought this toy was a great idea . Unfortunately you have to shake the rattle pretty hard to get pooh to respond . My daughter was n't able to shake it hard enough so she never understood that shaking the rattle made pooh move . This toy now sits on a shelf untouched .
 We saw the commercial for this toy and immediatly wanted to get it for our son who is 6 months . After unwrapping it , which took quite a while due to the packaging we were somewhat disappointed . In order to get Pooh to dance etc. the baby 's rattle needs to be very close to the toy . The baby also needs to `` really '' shake his rattle quite vigorously to get Pooh to work . The toy itself is cute but smaller than imaged in the commercial . One other drawback ... . to get the toy to start his tummy has to be pushed . We find that we need to do that for our son . The dancing and music captures my son 's attention . Unfortunatly , Pooh 's voice is very distorted and hard even for adults to understand . This was a very good idea for a toy but could use some improvements .
 We bought Magic Rattle Pooh for our then 8 month old baby , cause it was so cute on TV . We were so disapointed . You shake the rattle and nothing . On TV the baby shook the rattle and pooh started to sing , doesnt work that way at all . You have to shake the rattle directly in front of Pooh , while holding him up . And still it is n't the same . What a waste of money .
 I bought this toy for my son when he was about 6 months . It looked like a great toy for my son to interact with . First my son has maybe spent only about 4 hours with this toy and he is almost a year now . It has to be started by pushing on pooh 's tummy and then is almost impossible to make it dance with a rattle . My son does however love the rattle but I could have gotten a rattle for a few dollars .
 This castle does not foam and the picture on the box is very misleading . If you continually pump the button , a small amount of foam will appear just above the bubble reservoir , but that 's all , folks . Also , the pieces are all removable -LRB- read
 I had a very bad experience . This toy came and was in a sealed box but when opened there were a lot of missing parts . I had to contact the company to try to replace the parts so that I could build it and it has been a huge headache because even the company was not easily helpful . I dont know who screwed up the seller or playmobil but I am furious about the money I spent and the experience I have had
 After being told of our Lego preference , grandma bought this . The children are frustrated because it is hard to get together and stay together long enough to play with.I would not recommend this to a child under 7 , because of the amount of parent time needed to put it together and keep it together , if your going to use it for younger children -- super glue it together .
 PARENTS PLEASE , PLEASE , PLEASE watch this show with your kids before purchasing these or any other items related to Yu-Gi-Oh . I was shocked to discover just exactly what this show was when I watched it with my children . It is NOT a harmless copy of Pokemon . The characters and settings of this cartoon strongly resemble satainistic and black magic icons . I am not a strongly religious person , but I can not and will not allow this in my house.Please parents , before you buy these for your kids watch this show to decide whether or not you feel it is right for your children .
 My son -LRB- 13 -RRB- is an avid gamer of any type . He bought this game and sees it as pointless , too easy , and without any strategy . His 10 yr old sisters seem to agree . The Jedi attack battledroids and Geonosians - and win easily and predictably with a throw of the die . The droids and Geonosians attack the Jedi -LRB- again with a throw of the die -RRB- they are less likely to kill a Jedi . For children this age it is not entertaining at all . He also bought Star Wars Epic Duels - and loves it .
 I got this game for my nephew who had just turned 8 . It has been taken out the box only once . It was very difficult and time consuming to put together and then rather difficult to play . He did okay with it , but his little sister , age 5 , was unable to play at all . I would not reccomend this game for the mentioned age groups , maybe 10 and up .
 We searched high and low for this game . When we finally found it here I was disappointed in it . It is hard for the kids to understand and play . Not a purchase I would recommend .
 UPDATED REVIEW
 Shipped this to our grandson who is crazy for Dragons for Christmas . Opens it , puts in batteries and NOTHING happened.BIG DISAPPOINTMENT FOR GRANDSON , BIGGER DISAPPOINTMENT TO GRANDMA & GRANDPA .
 Product was not fabricated well . but well designed . the holes for the string were much too small . they could have used a bigger diamteter drill . also , i had to redrill some holes as some of them were not drill all the way thru.the delivery was not prompt and they did n't charge me for the spider that was enclosed in the box yuck . i had to look up manufacturer to let them know that some screws were missing . they said they would ship out replacements . still waiting . i would n't buy from this manufacturer again .
 I love the electronic Boggle . I have searched just about everywhere to find one . Now I see they are being sold on Amazon . What 's the problem ? First of all , the game runs about ten bucks . Why is Amazon selling them for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- ? This is a simple electronic game . There is no way it should be sold for this ridiculous price.The second problem is that the game only lasts about six months . Changing the batteries helps for awhile ; then suddenly the game stops working . The buttons fall out . It does n't help to change the batteries.If Amazon sold the Boggle for ten bucks I would buy one . Maybe even two . But to pay $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for a game that is going to break in six months is unrealistic . I have never had an electronic Boggle last for more than six months.I have played Boggle for about five years . It 's a great game . I love it . But to be honest , this game is going to break in six months . If you think it 's worth it to pay $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for a product that will last only six months , go ahead . But it 's a bit too expensive for me.BTW , I have owned at least seven electronic Boggles . Every time one broke I went out and bought another one . So I am speaking from experience . It 's going to break . I promise .
 I 'd have to agree with the other reviewers who have said Screwy Looey is awfully frustrating for small children . My 5 year old and 2 year old have both played with this and do not understand why the drill keeps `` messing up '' before they can finish putting in/taking out the screw . The buttons and switches do not seem to reset the drill or make it work `` normally '' . My kids both end up very frustrated so this toy has not been played with much in our house . Very disappointing .
 I have yet to be happy with a Fisher Price toy in the last 3 years . -LRB- See my reviews of the Little People Garage , Discovery City , and train -RRB- . Screwy Looey looks like a great concept , however , the drill is WAY too screwy . The switch that supposedly switches him from Screwy to Normal operation does not work at all , it is always screwy . My son ca n't understand why it wo n't drill right , and it is highly frustrating even for an adult . I ca n't stand touching the darn thing , because it will never do what I want it to , and the reset button does n't help much , and is too small , as others have pointed out . In my opinion , it is time for some consumer advocate to do a report on Fisher Price , and what happened to their quality , and their fun.This is the worst designed toy ever , and the worst constructed .
 I recently bought this toy for my 21/2 year old son . While it 's a great concept , the finished product is definitely disappointing . The main problem is that the drill becomes idle too quickly . There is a reset button on the back of the drill but it 's too small for a young child to push . So before he can finish drilling a peg into the hole the drill stops and he 's forced to wait for it to reset itself . Unfortunately , by that time , he 's become very frustrated with the toy.Despite this , he does seem to like the toy and enjoys playing with it . However , every time he plays with it , I am forced to reset the drill every few seconds for him . Independent play time is definitely out with this toy !
 My son picked this toy out on a trip with his aunt . She bought it for him for Christmas last year . He tried so hard to get the drill to work properly . He would get mad and cry because it would n't screw the screws in . My son has a workshop with tools that he can really use , so this one was confusing to him . This is not for a child that can already use a toy screwdriver . It will only frustrate the child and you .
 Bought this for my `` old-for-his-age '' two-year-old who loves drills , so I thought he 'd love it . To my surprise , it succeeded only in freaking him out and making him cry . The drill has a very annoying , kind of creepy laugh that is guaranteed to drive you crazy . The drill is supposed to have two modes
 Quite a lame game ! The toy stops constantly-I know this is part of the game , but my kids ages 3 , 5 and 7 , lost interest very quickly . Frustrating for them , and a waste of my money !
 My son who is 31/2 saw this on tv and had to have it . He is a total tool guy and loves to be by my side with his tools and fix things . This toy is REALLY -LSB- bad -RSB- . Our screwdriver gets stuck on the same phrase for a very long time and the only way to stop it is to turn the drill off and turn it back on . He definately did not get why the drill turns off while he is trying to drill . It might be ok as a toy -LRB- if it worked -RRB- , but the concept of the game totally does not work . If I were you I would not bother spending money on this one . Buy him some toy tools that he can just play with instead . I thought this was going to be one of his favorites and we have to return it to the store .
 It appears to me to be stupid to try to sell items without providing information about the item . In this case , there is no mention of the weight or gauge or the copper foil . But Amazon is notorious for NOT providing information in detail on it 's products .
 I completely agree with the first comment . Is this a kit , with the foil , engraving tool and instructions ? What size ? You can not tell anything from this deccription -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- .
 hello i got this game 3 days ago and its not all its cracked up to be . the detail on the figures are poor and they are flimsey.it is also lacking important people . it also ends too quik -LRB- about 5 minutes with 2 players -RRB- . i do not recomend this game it is a waste of you money .
 My daughter received this for Christmas . I was thrilled she got it until she began to play with it . The pegs are WAY TO SHORT and do not stay in . It is a disgrace they have allowed this to stay on the market ... do n't waste your hard earned $ $ $
 of having a toy like this when there are no refills -LRB- I looked everywhere -RRB- ? My daughter loves it and used up the included pages in 3 days . So now she has a xmas present -LRB- good thing I did n't buy it for her -RRB- that is basically worthless and takes up space . I 'm thinking about buying a regular lite brite on ebay and the refills to go with it and chucking the cube in the trash .
 The lite brite cube is great , but refills are impossible to find . I tried ordering them directly from Hasbro and have been told I will be receiving a refund check because they are out of stock . They said to try Wal-mart and Toys ' R Us , but as we know , they do n't have them either . Very disappointing !
 This toy is so lame . The paper sheets that come with it are hard to keep on . The pegs fall out unless you use the papers , and then they still do n't usually stay in . The pegs that come in a row -LRB- to save time -RRB- only fit diagonally , and stay in even worse than the single pegs . This toy is super lame and useless . Do n't waste your money .
 I would like to add this to my review please ! After 1 week , my girls still enjoy playing with this , though we have used all of the contained designs . I ca n't find a refill pack for this cube model -LRB- screens are smaller -RRB- so have adapted the regular sized refill -- with MARGINAL results.Hmm . . wonder why there is no refill pack ? I guess the company figures that our kids will
 The cube does not stay together ! It keeps falling apart and the kids do n't even have a chance to use it before it 's in pieces ! Skip this one and buy the original lite bright !
 Not the Lite Brite of your youth ! I bought this for my 5 year old with fond memories of my Lite Brite.The new model is awful
 My son got this for his birthday . He loves to play with it . Unfortunately , we ca n't find refills anywhere . The Toys R Us store claims that they carry them , but are out of stock . We 've been to the store numerous times and they 've always been out of stock . The Hasbro website is useless too . VERY DISAPPOINTING . This would be a 5 star toy if we could find refills !
 I GOT THIS LIGHT BRIGHT FOR MY 7 YEAR OLD VISUALLY IMPAIRED SON TO HELP WITH FINE MOTOR AND THINKING IT WOULD BE LIKE THE OLD LIGHTBRIGHTS . HE HAS AN OLD ONE AT HIS G'MAS THAT HE ENJOYS.ON THE LIGHT BRIGHT CUBE YOU MUST USE THE PAPER OR THE PEGS FALL OUT . FOR HIM FEELING THE HOLES TELLS HIM WHERE TO PUT THE PEGS AND WHEN YOU PUT THE PAPER ON HE CAN NOT FEEL THE HOLES ! I REMEMBER THE OLD LIGHT BRIGHTS THAT YOU COULD USE THE PAPER OR NOT AND THE PEGS STILL STAYED IN , THESE PEGS FALL OUT WITHOUT THE PAPER . IT WAS A DISSAPOINTMENT . GUESS I WILL LOOK FOR THE OLD STYLE AT A YARDSALE .
 So disappointing . Received for Christmas , we were all excited to play with this fun new toy . However , the pegs are very hard to push through the black template paper -LRB- virtually impossible actually -RRB- and once they are in they do n't stay . We tried to create our own designs w/out using paper but the pegs are even less stable that way and fall out immediately . The toy does not function properly at all and is useless ! Unfortunately this toy was a gift and I do not have the receipt or I would return it for a refund . I have contacted Hasbro and let them know what a disappointment this toy is to their customers .
 My two children received the Lite Brite cube as a present for Christmas . They absolutely loved it ... for a whole two hours ! After this , they had gone through the limited number of patterns that the cube comes with . We went out to the store today to purchase more patterns , to find out that they do n't exist . How disappointing ! Now we have a cube that does not store away easily and has no play value left . To top it off , we tried to make a picture free form without the paper and the pegs fell right out . We had almost finished writing out my daughter 's name on the cube with pegs - one fell out and started an avalanche of pegs until they were all on the floor . This was particularly upsetting for my 6 year old daughter who spent approximately 10 minutes writing out her name . Stick with the original lite-brite if you absolutely want to get one . The cube seems like a nice idea in theory , but that 's about all it amounts to in the end .
 I loved lite brite as a child . Too bad they do n't still make the ones of the 80 's . This thing is horrible . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 This toy was not a hit with my kids . The pegs that hold the paper in each side constantly fall out . The game only comes with 8 sheets of cover page which runs out very quickly . Have not found a re-fill in the stores . This toy has been shelved .
 My sister and I had the original Lite Brite -LRB- triangle -RRB- when we were kids ... and loved it . Cleaning up the pegs was a pain ... but we loved it . When we 'd complete a picture ; we 'd use it as a nightlight and admire it til we drifted off . When Santa brought my two children the Lite Brite Cube I was thrilled for them !!! They were mesmerized , delighted , and totally focused on this wonderful toy for a total of 20 minutes . Why for only 20 minutes , you ask ??? Because that 's all the time it takes to use up the measly set of 8 `` classic pictures '' included with the Lite Brite Cube starter set . I have searched for Lite Brite Cube picture refill packs at my neighborhood -LSB- stores -RSB- and have learned such things do n't exist . This toy -LRB- Santa has told me -RRB- was somewhat expensive and has proven to be quite a disappointment !!! Someone at Hasbro needs to rectify this situation at once . I 'm hoping to see Lite Brite Cube picture refill packs on store shelves in the very near future !!! Thank you in advance .
 What a waste of money this was ! I bought this for my daughter , based on happy memories of Lite Brite from decades past , but she ca n't play with it , because it 's unusable . Every aspect of this toy is terrible . One can scarcely differentiate between green and yellow pegs , and between pink and orange pegs . The pegs only go in with extreme effort , and then proceed to fall right back out , especially when one is pushing in more pegs . This toy is designed so terribly , I ca n't believe it 's an actual Hasbro toy . It seems like a chintzy no-name knock-off . I can not stress enough how NOT worth anyone 's money this toy is . Absolute hunk of garbage .
 This is not the Lite Brite you grew up with , and this is why :1 -RRB- Peg holes are significantly bigger than the pegs . Without the paper the pegs do n't stay in - and with the paper they come tumbling out with the slightest movement . This leads to very frustrated kids .2 -RRB- Pegs are shorter than they used to be - which compounds problems presented by issue # 1.3 -RRB- Each `` screen '' is much smaller than they used to be and limits what you can do .4 -RRB- The frame is white plastic which lets light through - which significantly reduces the brilliance of the designs you make .5 -RRB- Great to have four screens . Would be even better if it came with enough pegs to complete designs on all four .6 -RRB- Unit is VERY light . If you have two kids working on separate sides the unit gets pushed all over the room as they try to get pegs in place - which further compounds issues 1 and 2 . I loved Lite Brite as a child - but I would n't recommend this toy to anyone . It is a sad shell of what used to be a great toy . Cheap materials and poor design have ruined this . The cost of this unit is a high price to pay for a cheap plastic box that frustrates everyone near it .
 I had a Lite-Brite as a kid and loved it , so I was enthused to pick this up for my kids -LRB- 4 and 6 -RRB- . What a disappointment.The only thing positive I 'll say about it is that the 4-sided configuration , allowing more than one kid to play at once , is actually a very good idea Everything else about this Lite-Brite Cube is absolutely idiotic in terms of design for play value . - The pegs fall out - The pattern sheets , held only by pegs , fall off - The letters on the patterns that tell you what color peg to use are too small to be seen by small kids - The trays are too shallow and the pegs spill out - The tray have no covers for storage -LRB- in the version I have -RRB- - The frame is made of translucent white plastic that lets too much light through - The device has no on/off switch , meaning you have to plug/unplug it for play - The top is held with screws , making the bulb harder to tighten when the kids inevitably jiggle it looseThe thing that really burns me is that every point above could have been rectified very easily with just a little re-engineering . Flange the pegs slightly ; angle the faces a few degrees ; add clamps for the patterns ; ; use a bolder font ; use opaque plastic in the case ; add a toggle switch to the chord ; attach the top with latches instead of screws . A few simple modifications that any thinking person can come up with would make this an exponentially better toy without adding much to the cost of manufacture.But no . The maker opted for the absolute cheapest properties and you get stuck with something more likely to frustrate than amuse your kids . Drives me bats . Cheaply made , poorly thought out . Does n't have to be that way.Don ' t know about you , but I 'd gladly pay upwards of $ 25 for a toy like this that my kids would actually use . Instead , I paid ten bucks for a useless hunk of plastic . Sound like a bargain ? -- mm
 This lite-Brite is a piece of junk ! Do n't wast your money ! Maybe if I were n't comparing it to the older one I would think it was ok but even then I am not sure . I loved my lite-brite as a kid and wanted to get my daughter one so she could have as much fun as I did with mine.This has not left the box since the first day . First all of the screens where you stick the pegs are white not black like the old one so without the refill sheets it is useless.Also without the refill sheets the pegs are too big and they do not stay in.This was very frustrating ! Even with the sheets sometimes they still fall out ! I am really unhappy with this purchase and I can usually find something about a toy I like but not this one . I just did n't want anyone to be deceived into thinking that the screens were black and you could make your own `` art '' .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY DAUGHTER LAST YEAR FOR CHRISTMAS AND I WISH I WOULD HAVE BOUGHT HER THE ORGINAL LITE-BITE NOT THIS ONE . THE PEGS HAVE TO BE USED WITH THE BLACK PAPER ON BACK . IF NOT THE PEGS JUST FALL RIGHT OUT . AND WHAT FUN IS IT WHEN THE PAPER IS FALLING OUT OR TO GO BY THEIR DESIGNS ON THE PAPER ???? I WOULD BUY THE ORGINAL WE USED WHEN WE WERE KIDS NOT THIS NEW HI-TECH ONE WHICH IS MORE MONEY !!!!!!
 I thought this would be a great toy my son and i could play together . We both get frustrated since the pegs easily fall out ; they do n't stay put . I dont ' recommend this product AT ALL . STAY AWAY FROM IT !!
 I do n't want anyone else to be as frustrated by this as we are , so I 'm actually going to throw this in the garbage.The big problem can be summed up as : THE PEGS FALL OUT . Whenever you try to put pegs close to one another , you 'll knock out any pegs in the nearby vicinity . The old Lite Brites were angled , which helped to keep the pegs in . This cube is straight , so gravity pulls the pegs right out . They 're not designed properly to stay in.The model I have does not look like the one pictured with the slide-out drawers , so I 'll skip giving it a hard time over that particular feature ... but it looks identical in terms of the cube itself . And that 's the problem . My 4-year-old could n't do this at all , so I basically put the whole design together myself . And narrowly avoided cursing at least 8 times . I tried different techniques , like `` pre-holing '' the holes nearby when I was about to put pegs close together . It made very little difference . I had to keep redoing it over and over.If you can manage to get a whole design done , yes , it still looks cool like you remember from your youth . But getting there is no fun at all . I hope my daughter does n't notice when I toss this thing out . Just so aggravating that it 's not worth it .
 I ca n't review this item because Amazon twice sent me the cheaper cube at the higher price , the one I actually ordered . I was told it was probably because Amazon had switched bins and the higher priced one was in the lower priced bin . I was also told there was no way to correct it . I was very disappointed because my granddaughter was really , really wanting it , it was at the very top of her wish list . Shame on Amazon for this blunder and shame on Amazon for not being able to fix it once the mistake was brought to light .
 I ordered the Lite-Brite cube for my granddaughters for Christmas . They are 5 and 3 and love art work and projects . We were all excited to make the pictures . However , it was such a frustration as the pegs kept falling out , and there were n't enough colors to do the two pictures the girls had chosen . It just was n't like the original Lite-Brite . I am sorry that we purchased it ...
 This was our 5 year old daughters Christmas present from Santa Claus . What a horrible present . The pegs do not stay in and if you are working on one side , you will end up knocking the pegs out of the other side ! Absolutely horrible purchase and I am hugely disappointed .
 Like others , I am very frustrated that there were only 8 pictures included with the cube . The refills are impossible to find , and Hasbro.com only states they have a refill pack , not which one . Ebay has them for $ 16.00 which is almost as much as the whole cube . I also agree that the pages are hard to keep up without putting in quite a few pegs and that there is no storage for extra sheets -LRB- not that I have any ! -RRB- ... . Would n't buy again or recommend to anyone unless refill pages were readily available ...
 Like some of the other reviewers of this game , I love the Game of Life and I love Star Wars . I grew up on the deep and replayable role-play of Life and the imaginative world of Star Wars . I found this game for next to nothing at a yard sale , and I have to admit that it is scarcely better than the dollar or so I paid for it.The premise is certainly interesting enough . The game puts players in the path of the Jedi , with opportunities along the way to get a master , craft a lightsaber , take Jedi lessons , embark on missions , and ultimately undergo the Jedi Trials . There is a light roleplaying element , as certain activities allow players to gain points in fighting , energy , intuition , and logic that relate to specific missions as well as the endgame.The game fails because it executes these ideas in ways that are both horribly oversimplistic and poorly balanced . The missions and lessons , for example , are absurdly short and generic , all boiling down to one spin of the spinner plus one skill against a target number . -LRB- The spinner , by the way , is so badly engineered that I used a six-sided die instead . -RRB- Most of the spaces are more of the same , offering very little variety at all . With one lone exception , the Jedi masters give nothing but a one-time skills buff.The worst offender may be the way the game handles the dark side of the Force . There are opportunities to `` follow the dark side '' by talking alternate paths on the board , but they have no impact on the kinds of missions you take or your goals in them . Worse still , accruing enough dark side points and becoming a Sith before the end of the game is , nearly impossible , leading instead to being a Jedi with skill penalties.There are other small nits I could make -LRB- why is the rule that skills have to be sacrificed for the lightsaber not spelled out on the board ? -RRB- but they just reinforce what is already unfortunately apparent -- this is a poorly designed game and a waste of an opportunity for fans of both Life and Star Wars . Buy at your own risk .
 Poorly created game just to cash in on the franchise license.Poorly constructed , too quick , not very fun .
 Not even close to what we thought this game would be . Highly dissapointed ! The rules were not designed for children to understand . The board did not have a clear starting spot , and the spinner caused arguing between the players . The younger player age 7 had fun but big brother 16 and Dad gave me -LRB- mom -RRB- dirty looks and sarcastic `` Thank you 's '' for bringing the game home . My 13 year old Star Wars Addict was not home to play this evening and when he returns I am afraid no one will agree to play again . My advice ... If it 's not broke do n't fix it . Stick with the old classic `` THE GAME OF LIFE '' You know what you are getting with no dissapointment .
 Bought this for our 6-year-old son - the microphones are okay & work . The guitar is terrible . There were no instructions in English at all . Spend your money on something else .
 This game has ended up in the trash bin -- it 's made of cheap plastic , falls apart easily , it 's difficult to get all the sticks in , nobody wants to put the sticks back in because that 's very boring . I think my memory has failed me -- I thought this used to be a fun game when my kids were little -- I sure do n't remember all the hassles with it . But I 've noticed the quality of games/toys nowadays can be very poor -- so many cheezy , cheapo parts . Save your money and buy something else .
 This game sounded so promising on the box but when my 6 year old go it for Christmas last year we were very disappointed . The sticks break easily and they are hard to put and and very time consuming to do also . She was bored with it before we could get the sticks in . It is to difficult for her to set up by herself.SAVE YOUR MONEY !
 My children of 4 and 7 almost immediately got bored with this toy . The problem is in the set up . Neither of them wanted to stick all those sticks in the holes . It was a total bomb and waste of money . It takes 2 minutes to play it and 10 minutes to set it up .
 I bought this toy for my five year-old because I saw it recommended in one of the parenting magazines . It is loud and obnoxious . Sometimes it just makes noise for no reason . It falls apart easily . Save your money for something else !
 My son got this as a birthday present . After taking quite a while to set up , with several of the cheap and flimsy sticks breaking , the game lasted but a few minutes . Since no one wanted to take the time to set it up again , it got tossed . Save your money ! Buy Blink !!
 I paid $ 20 for pennies worth of thin , pliable , breakable , embarassingly poor quality plastic worth about 3 cents . I predict it will break in 3.5 uses . This is certainly not anywhere near a ` classic ' game and is a big disappointment . I 'd hoped my 5 year old would enjoy it . -LRB- bought in Canada as `` KerPlunk '' -RRB- -LRB- I could not enter zero as a star on the rating scale otherwise I would have -RRB-
 My niece received this game for Christmas . We opened it up and spent about half an hour reading the 4 pages of directions and trying to understand all of the various elements of game play . The four types of players can each only answer certain types of trivia questions when they are on certain spaces , the teams each move on different colored squares , the snitch only moves when a number is on the card , etc. etc. etc. . The game pieces are very beautifully made but the four player types were confusing and required constant referring back to the rules to figure out which piece was which , and where we could move it to . We were eager to play the trivia and when we actually got to ask and answer questions , the game was fun and entertaining . But the task of figuring it all out in the presence of an impatient 8 year old -LRB- or even the impatient adults present -RRB- was frustrating . Apparently some of the other reviewers have a better understanding of the rules and game play , but for us the game involved too much set-up and not enough trivia . We might pull out the trivia cards and just quiz each other on the game cards but I doubt if we will bother with the full blown game .
 This game sucks . It is another example of Nickelodeon 's habit of rushing things to market with little thought . It is true that each bubble has a saying and/or an action for the player to do , but considering the wittiness and originality of the show , the sayings and activities are pathetic . Nick should have put about 100 more hours into designing this game ... then it would live up to expectation .
 I bought this for my 9 year old for Christmas and it 's been played once . The pieces of luggage fall off the tree regardless of how carefully you arrange them . We spent most of our time putting fallen pieces of luggage back instead of trying to take them off . Save your money .
 this game is one of the worst i have ever played ... i did not buy it from amazon.com and the place i did buy it from said it was suitable from aged 5 . this game was way too hard for my son and was also way to hard for the two thirty something women who tried to play it -LRB- me being one of them -RRB- . the tree moved around so quickly and changed direction so often that it was near impossible to get the items off of the tree ... the only things that did come off were the things that were n't meant to ... namely numerous pieces of the branches that for some unknown reason the designer of this toy had decided should all be made separately and should all be placed on separately ... which in itself meant that it took an awfully long time to put the toy together.we had several attempts at this game and so did the children but found it so frustrating and annoying that we gave up on it and puit it in the bottom of the hallway closet ... hopefully never to see the light of day again :--LRB- ... what a total disappointmentthis toy is cheaply made and badly designed ... it really is the worst game i 've ever played ... harry potter mad kids will want everything harry potter but do not buy this just because your child is a harry potter fan , i am sure there must be many better harry potter toys on the market ... this one is a total dud however and i would not recommend it to anyone ... what really bugs me is that i paid twice as much as the amazon price ... what a waste!my advice unless your into frustrating , annoying and ultimately tediously boring games is to steer well clear of this : - -LRB-
 My kids got this toy for Christmas and we played it today for the first time . It was not much fun at all . We put it all together and hung all the pieces on the tree and turned it on . My kids got bored w / it very quickly and started just hitting the items off the tree . We played for about 5 minutes and then looked at each other and said , `` this is n't fun at all ! '' This toy will be one that will be sold at the next yard sale .
 My son asked for this for his bd and we got it for him . He did n't ask to play it again after the first time we played it . It 's really not very much fun , the tree just rotates back and forth and you are to take off one of each school supply to win . This is definitely going to be a dust-catcher in the back of the closet . Save the -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- .
 My kids , ages 6 and 31/2 played this game for about 20 minutes and became bored . As the others wrote , the object of the game is to pick items off the tree as the tree rotates . Since we end up knocking more items off than actually picking them off , the game becomes tiresome and a yawner . A waste of money .
 I purchased this toy , so that I can blow some bubbles for my 2 year old daughter . The product looks bright and freindly , but failed to do its job . First , the bubble resevoir kept leaking bubble mix on to my hand . Second , the toy failed to make any bubbles . I tried different bubble mixes in the toy , each time with no bubbles . It is supposed to make tiny bubbles , within a large bubble . It did not . There is no way I could control the amount of air from the blower to make bubbles . The blower was too much for the bubbles .
 This was a huge disappointment . It leaked everywhere and just made a big mess . Had a hard time making it blow a bubble and we tried different bubble solutions and none worked well enough to acutally blow some bubbles . Not a good purchase .
 My 4 year old wanted this toy for Christams.he played twice with it and got bored.the pieces are too easily recognized , we then put the cards in it instead of the pieces , and got more fun with it.But it is still pricy and boring .
 This game teaches children that insults are fun and acceptable .
 This toy is the dumbest thing ever . You reach in a head and grab stuff . I think it should be recalled because a kid could go crazy trying to grab stuff in real peoples heads . dont buy it .
 My 2 year old saw the commercial for this toy on Nick Jr and ran out of the room screaming . Then on a trip to -LSB- a store -RSB- she saw in in the toy dept. Now everytime I go to -LSB- that store -RSB- my 2 year old keeping repeating `` we go home now '' . I really think this game has scared my child
 I bought this for my 5 year old for Christmas and he was n't impressed with it . He got bored with it real quick and even my 2 year old did n't seem to happy playing it . It has been sitting in the box untouched for months . Honestly I liked the old style of operation better , it does more to keep the attention of the kids where as this one is kinda boring .
 Game was broken and did n't work . Very disappointed . Said that the electronics worked and did n't . All parts were included but would n't work .
 My son has special needs I wanted to get it for him to play with without using the rules . His therapists bought for 19 and your charging 100
 Do n't waste your money on this pointless toy . My son received this game as a Christmas present when he was three . When we turned it on , he freaked out and cried every time we tried to play . The game has been played with maybe 3 times in 3 years . Even once he got older and was n't afraid of it any more , he still found it boring to play . There just is n't much excitement or strategy built into the game . I think it 's time to finally give it away .
 this game was a gift to my nephew aged 6 , he grew tired and frustrated as the instructions i received in the box was a half a page long and had no real help at all ! sentences like , and i quote
 My kid loves everything Yugi , so whileI did not think this game was fun or easy to learn ... he loved it right away . It has a weird tray to hold the parts and many different shape and size cards in box , but it is too small for the cards . So it is hard to pack up and makes a mess when you open it . The figures are nice and look like the show . And most important for kids , it has the Millenium puzzle .
 My child just turned 7 , , and is a big Yughio fan . We got this for Christmas for him , and sad to say we could not get thru the instruction . We ended up making up our own rules . Quite disappointing .
 This game 's directions will take an hour to read and then it wo n't be worth it when you are done !
 Sure it looks cool at first , but when I bought this a couple years ago , the game was too complicated and boring , trust me , do n't by this unless you like this sort of thing .
 Where to begin ? Here are my MAJOR complaints .1 . The packaging indicates it 's suitable for 3 years and up . I tried playing this with a four and a half year old and he could n't follow the instructions . Tried playing it with an adult later , and again , the instructions are unclear to all but the designers of the game .2 . The board folds into fourths , not one half - I have to wonder how long it will last when a child tried folding it their way .3 . Again , no directional arrows or clear modes of travel across the board - the squares are numbered up to 68 - know any three year olds who can count that high?Overall , this game is a cheap ploy to grab the money of anyone who is trying to make a fan of the Rescue Heroes happy . Stick with the video games and avoid this turkey !
 I bought this game when it first came out for my 4 year old daughter because she LOVES Dora . Unfortunately , it was so new that noone in the toy store I bought it in knew anything about this game . The age on the box is 3 + , and is probably perfect only for kids who are just learning to play board games . But there is nothing for the older set - it 's not challenging and the game is very quick - over in about 3 minutes . Candy Land and Chutes and Ladders have held my daughter 's attention for much longer . On the plus side , the game board is nice looking and very colorful , and there 's a miniature backpack that comes with the game that kids will like . Unless your child loves Dora , save your money and buy Candy Land . ...
 into buying this for your Dora afficianado . It 's Candy Land lite -- much , much shorter and less interesting . I have 4 year old twins who love Dora , but they lost interest in this game after playing it just a couple of times . And both had trouble with the spinner .
 I bought this game because it said on the box `` learn some spanish along the way '' . There is no spanish involved in the game or on the cards or board anywhere . The only spanish is on the spanish instructions for the game . So unless you already know spanish , you can not teach your child any spanish.I also expected the puzzles to be more challenging . But the answers are right there on the corner of each clue card . This is not shown on the box either . It leads you to believe that you will encounter an obstacle and then you 'll look in Dora 's backpack to figure out which object will get you around the obstacle . But since the answer is on the obstacle card for everyone to see , you do n't have to think about it . They basically made what could have been good for developing problem solving skills into a match game.I think this game is only appropriate as a first game for 2-4 yr old children depending upon their ability . It is basically a very short Candy Land game.The educational value of the game is in learning colors , counting and observation . None of which are even mentioned on the box .
 It 's hard to rate a product that never worked . I want to give it zero stars . I bought it new and sent it to someone in San Francisco for Christmas and it would n't work . How embarassing for me and disappointing for the recipient . Do n't think I want to order anything electronic from Amazon . HG in Baltimore , MD
 I just spent an hour with a number of different packs ; I was primarily interested in the Cross Country , as it seemed to offer a lot of features for the money.In person , it was a disappointment . Very skimpy padding was badly placed for me -LRB- male , average athletic build , 5 ' 11 '' -RRB- . And when they say that it is adjustable to fit 5 ' to 6 ' 2 '' , I 'm pretty sure they grabbed that text from their TrailBlazer and forgot to edit it . At its lowest of three available positions , the hip belt was still to high for me . The range of adjustment for the hip belt is on the order of an inch , and the way you adjust it leaves me to doubt you would even see that amount of adjustment . Compared side-by-side to the TrailBlazer , with the tops of the shoulder straps of each pack aligned with the other , the hip belt on the Cross Country in lowest position was about even with that of the TrailBlazer in its next-to-highest position -LRB- it has 5 settings -RRB- . This carrier is just too small to fit the average person , and lack of adequate padding just makes a bad fit worse . About the only thing I could see as an advantage is how small and flat it folds for storage , which for me would be a tremondous advantage as it would spend an awful lot of time in the closet .
 I recently purchased two of these as stocking stuffers for my Mom and Sister since we are going to Italy in March . When I received them in the mail , I opened them up to make sure they worked , and they indeed did not work . I looked at the manual , and the particular ones that were sent to me were manufactured in 1989 !! I would definately not reccomend this item . Go to a store and test these out before you purchase .
 Did n't fit any of the vehicles we thought it would of the same scale as the sweeper . Came with adapters but none fit the bruder toys we bought the sweeper to go on . The sweeper did go on a Ertyl John Deere tractor but would fall off very easily.Good thing it was n't too pricey , it has pretty much been in the bottom of the toy box since I bought it for the grand kids . It does look realistic though .
 In general we have been very happy with Bruder products , however this attachment has a design flaw that requires me to repair the toy time and time again . There are 2 rubber o-rings that wrap around the main wheels that often come off of the wheels and this causes the brush -LRB- which is driven by the pressure from the o-rings to the brush wheels -RRB- to stop spinning , much to the dismay of 4-year old son . I have tried gluing the o-rings in place and hopefully that will solve the problem .
 DIRECTIONS TOO COMPLICATED . THE KIDS LEFT IT IN THE BAG AND GAVE UP . : - -LRB-
 I bought this for my son and the first time he used it , it fell APART !! I am not at all impressed with it . If u want something for your children , go someplace else !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I got this for the amazing belt . Look at one of the reviewers pictures . Its a garbage ugly nylon plastic thing of a belt . Not even a copy of the one in the picture . Also the gun has a bright orange cap . Which is fine , but just realize the picture is not what youre getting .
 It is a well put together toy but has some defects in the firing mechanism . The clip that holds the barrel and cylinder for the caps in place is made of plastic and can come loose quiet easily . Also the lever to advance to the next cap sometimes jams .
 gave to 3yr . old grand son . did not take long for the chamber to start popping open when the trigger was pulled .
 As other reviews state this gun seemed great at first . After about 2 weeks the latch that opens the gun to swich out the caps broke . It would still stay in place except my son likes to pretend to `` fast-draw '' and it would fly open every time he pulled it out of the holster . Today something in the trigger mechanism broke so the gun no longer fires the caps and is officially broken . Both parts that broke are plastic . Disappointed !! Should have bought the 50 year old cap gun I saw at the auction ... appears to have held up better than any other ones I keep buying .
 When this toy came in the mail I was very excited , but after a week and a half of play it broke on me . It was made in Italy and almost full metal but became unusable after a short period of time . I will hope for a refund . This product was disappointing . : -LRB-
 This cap gun is an absolute joke . The ONLY thing it has going for it , is the fact that it is not plastic . But that is where it begins and where it ends . The caps are next to impossible to remove once fired . If you do buy this , then you will also have to give your child a pair of needle nose pliers , or a flathead screwdriver for cap removal . The caps that this uses are all but silent . My five year old can snap his fingers louder than these things are ... that is the ones that actually do fire . This cap gun has many `` misfires '' All in all , I would recommend going to Wal-Mart and buying the cheap orange plastic one they have for $ 8.00 . It is a much better cap gun . I promise your child will be very disappointed with this cap gun . PLEASE DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS !!! BE YE WARNED !!
 The breech lock would not stay in place . Basically have to hold the gun closed with one hand and fire with the other . This proved impossible as the child we gave it to as a gift has use of just one hand due to a brain tumer . I would try to return the gun , however the boy is only expected to live a few more days and he likes to just hold it anyway . VERY disappointing .
 This gun looks and feels great - especially for a kid.The biggest problems ? It 's almost impossible to get the caps out after they have been shot . There is no release or push pin as you find with even the cheapest ring cap guns . You need to carry a knife or screwdriver to pry out the ring , and then hope the ring does n't break , leaving small cap pieces in the drum that are even more difficult to pull out.Second ... the caps are n't very loud , and only fire about half the time . Not sure if this is a problem with the caps or the firing mechanism on the gun . At any rate , VERY dissapointing for a kid to have only a few shots fire . . and then even more so when they ca n't get the caps out . That means Dad has to be on hand full time to be the ` assistant ' . not so cool , especially when there are better guns for about $ 3 at the store .
 The pistol lasted less than 10 days before breaking . Part of the cast iron receiver cracked then fell off . My son was really enjoying the gun before it broke .
 Very cheap product and do not buy for an adult costume , which is why we got this . More for a kid and the belt is small . Very very cheap so you get what you pay for .
 We bought these for three boys last Christmas . They were not rough on the guns , they only played with them normally . Two broke in one week ; the plastic piece broke causing the barrel to fall open every time the trigger was pulled . The third one broke a couple of weeks later . The guns are still being played with only because they are being held together with black electrical tape .
 The Gun is pretty much as it appears in the photo/description on the page . I do n't plan on firing it , so I ca n't speak to it 's functionality as a cap gun . I purchased the gun/holster/belt to be part of a Halloween costume , and authenticity was important to me . However , the holster and belt are absolutely trash - the cheapest , most unrealistic looking things I 've seen - not AT ALL like what is pictured ! A cloth belt and terrible , gold plastic buckle is what come with the gun . How can they not show what you truly get ?!
 What a ripoff ! That picture you see is NOT the product . I bought it as a Halloween prop but it 's just a small cheap plastic kid 's toy . That leather looking belt in the picture is actually a 32 inch long piece of brown canvas with a tiny plastic buckle . Useless , it went straight into the trash . The holster is cheap plastic and looks like cheap plastic . The gun , at least , is metal , but it 's tiny too . I 'd send it back but it 's not worth the trouble.Don ' t fall for it , if you need a Halloween costume prop , keep looking .
 I would not recommend this product due to very poor build quality . The trigger broke after 3 hours of play .
 We bought this becuase it looked like it was all metal , however there is a small plastic part inside that broke rather quickly causing the gun not to stay shut .
 This gun is so poorly made that you can NOT take out the caps without using a knife or something sharp after each use . Often times it does n't rotate to the next cap either . Do not buy , poorly made junk .
 Very over priced . There cute and add to the fun for the child , but come on ... is n't that over priced for plastic ?
 This cans are way too tiny for the toy trash truck we bought . The listing needs to spell out the size so that people know what they are buying . Initially , I thought they were a good deal , now I think they were a big waste of money .
 In my opinion , this toy is a piece of junk . The `` makeup '' would not appear even when my daughter used ice water -- disappointing . The hair easily falls out -- disappointing . Two of the hairpieces fell apart within the first hour -- disappointing . The head will not stay on the base -- disappointing . I was a little surprised that this toy only cost $ 14.99 and now I see why it was so cheap -- you definitely get what you pay for .
 This is a cute concept . My 31/2 y.o. daughter has wanted the Bratz doll styling head , but she is still a little young for that look -LRB- grin -RRB- , so I thought this would be a good compromise . It is a cute idea , in that you do n't have to use real make-up , and she can still do a makeover . Well , even after putting ice in the carriage cup , the water still was n't cold enough to elicit a color change on the doll 's face . We tried everything , but the makeup did n't change colors . The hair falls out easily when brushing it , and the barrettes are difficult for a little girl to fasten alone . She ended up being very disappointed in this toy , and it sits up in the closet unused . Perhaps I will let her buy some cheap makeup and give the doll a real makeover , but then , that sort of defeats the purpose of this toy . Overall , I consider it a big waste of money ...
 Do n't even stop to look at it 1 star becouse it 's the most boringest toy EVER 5 stars for education for kids to know NOT TO BUY JUNK ! and one star of durable becouse i was brushing her hair at the FREAKING brush break in TWO !!!!! the hair was falling out and the crown did n't fit very well you ca n't even put make up on i love cinderrella sooo i bought it was of my money the only thing fun about this was i cut her hair realy short and died it Blue and Pink with green streeks and put blue nail polish on her lips and I throw it out and on the big forhead -LRB- thats after i cought the bangs off -RRB- I wroght PIECE of JUNK !!! Do n't buy it
 This product is shown as `` blasting '' water when in fact it sprays a gentle stream of water that shoots about 10 feet . The person sitting on the hammerhead has to draw up water by compressing the handles and there is not very much water pressure . It 's an OK toy ... not worth $ 35 .
 I still do n't understand the buzz behind &#34; Pocahontas &#34; . She was captured by the English , converted to Christianity , then when the opportunity arose for her to return to her people -LRB- Powhatan , a Native American paramount chiefdom -RRB- , she chose to remain with the English . She betrayed her own people in a time of need ! On top of all that she supports the tobacco industry ! She was married to tobacco planter John Rolfe . She also married at 19 , had a kid at 20 and died at 22 . Is this the kind of Woman you want your daughters to idolize ??
 This tracer is terrible . We opened it and but the battery in and within 5 minutes it was in the closet . The light barely comes through so you ca n't see what to trace . Also , the `` hooks '' on the corners do n't even hold the paper down . It was a terrible tracer .
 absolute waste of plastic . actual lightbox working area is yellow plastic with weak bulb somewhere inside . tracing paper provided , but thats the only way you can trace with this thing ... which makes it completely useless . better off spending more on a lightbox or spending less on just a pad of tracing paper .
 This is a terrible choice for a toy . The cab is die cast metal but the rest including the undercarriage is completely plastic and is therefore very easily broken . It will not hold up if you let your children play with it . When my son broke his within a couple of hours , there were many small pieces -LRB- can anyone say choking hazard !!! -RRB- . If you are a collector however , put it on the shelf and do n't let anyone touch it .
 sheer waste product . It 's not useful to play as garbage truck but can be used to throw in to garbage truck . please do n't buy . my son trowed out just in 5 minutes after delivered to my home . i never recommend this to any one . .
 I got this toy because it was on clearance and it had good reviews . My son never was really interested in it . Only good thing was it is machine washable . It ended up getting packed away pretty quickly because he never played with it .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ! THIS THING IS MADE WITH CHEAP PLASTIC . IT BROKE DURING THE ASSEMBLY PROCESS USING ONLY MODERATE PRESSURE .
 We had purchased this toy for our son when he was younger . The reality is this ... it lights up just a bit and it has two little toys at the end that a child could teeth with . The downfall of it all is that it is too heavy for a child to carry if they are in the everything in their mouths stage . Pretty boring , heavy and he does n't touch it.Stay away unless you child shows a true interest at the toy store .
 It 's an okay toy , but the lights inside are n't very bright and are dulled by the frosted cover . I would not buy this product again .
 I do n't get what all the fuss is about . I have dry skin and sensitive , but I wanted to try it on my arms/legs . I even tried it on my cheeks , just to see . First off ... the small jar is TINY . Maybe I mistook the description , I expected a pint of ice cream size ... and got less than a cup . I had to stir it when it arrived , and it resembled green mud more than blue salt in the picture . The scent was not strong , but sour . It did not irritate my skin , but it did nothing to help it either . I had to use very small fingerfuls , trying to save the product to last ... but even after a week 's use I noticed no difference in my skin . The salt did melt in my fingertips , but would n't I get the same effect by making this myself and saving 30 $ ?
 Did n't like this product . All of the actual `` scrub '' -LRB- salt -RRB- is at the top and minimal . Felt like I would 've been better off mixing some olive oil and actual sea salt to give myself a good scrub . It did smell nice and I like the packaging .
 This toy was junk . My 9 year old son was soo dissapointed . It is made out of real cheap , easily breakable plastic . It is supper small . He got it out of the box and pieces started breaking right away . I would n't have bought it even for $ 2 if I had been able to see it first .
 The picture is very misleading . It makes the space shuttles , etc. seem large when in fact they 're all tiny . This is a toy my son circled and wanted Santa to bring and was so excited to get it . As soon as he unwrapped the gift , even he said it was very small . Most items are Matchbox size and made of cheap plastic .
 I bought this for my nephew for Christmas . The wheels on one of the jets were already broken when the box was opened . Fortunately my nephew is autistic and did n't care if the wheels fell off .
 There is no way to mount it to trucks . Also , it is defficult for young children -LRB- under 5 -RRB- to change the reflectors , so I do not recommend it for them .
 This product is `` made in China '' and not `` made in Germany '' as stated . At about $ 8 , this thing is expensive . This light and sound module should come with every Bruder vehicle.Back to the unit iteself , it looks and feels cheap . The plastic is different from the Bruder vehicle plastic . The sound is loud enough and clear . You press one of four red dots to turn on and you press it again to turn off . I would still buy it to complement my son 's expensive Bruder vehicles and to enhance the playbility .
 Paid $ 25 for this crap toy , bought it for my 7 month old at the time . He 's 9 months old now and it only makes a cracking buzzing noise , no more speaking . Never dropped , never came in contact with any water . Waste of money . My son really liked it though . He loved honking the horn . This is the first and LAST v-tech toy I will ever buy for my kids.For the parents who are freaking over the lines that the toy says , get over it ! I do n't think it 's anything bad at all . Your kid will hear worse things on the tv playing in the background . So I guess if you think `` Outta the way ! '' said in a high pitched happy voice is too traumatic for you infant stay clear from this toy . Geez ...
 I TOTALLY agree with many of the other reviewers , but I thought I would type yet another bad review to make the point very clear ! My MIL bought this for our son for xmas and we were shocked at the rude voice and comments -LRB- `` Outta the way ! '' `` Fill-er up ! '' -RRB- WHO wants their child to learn to speak that way or worse yet , start speaking that way after playing with a toy you purchased ! Sorry , v-tech , we 're usually fans of your products , but this toy went right in the TRASH - it did n't even make the bag for donation , I would n't want ANYONE 'S kids to have it ! Save your money and buy another driving toy - we just did !
 Having had many great Vtech toys , I bought this for my daughter at about 9 months . The first day , I wished I had never bought it . This toy teaches children poor manners and rudeness . When you push the horn it yells , `` Outta the way ! '' When you hit the gas button it yells , `` I 'm outta gas ! Fill ` er up ! '' , in a very demanding tone . I would not recommend this toy to anyone and ca n't believe that a toy company would even manufacture something so socially unacceptable . It went in the garbage because my conscience would n't let me sell it to someone else .
 How is a toy rude , you ask ? When you honk the horn , some bratty kids sounds off yelling , `` Out of the way ! '' When I heard that , I decided to get rid of it for the simple fact that I do n't want my son learning to say that phrase . It sounds like some road raging kid behind the wheel . I think the toy in itself is cute , great concept , music , durability , it 's just that I do n't want my son to grow up to be a road rager . And I am just being sarcastic with that comment , so do n't take it seriously .
 I usually like V-Tech , but this one missed the mark ! My 1 year old liked it -- for about 10 minutes . he 'd play with it sporadically over the next few weeks , but I found myself hoping he would n't . The voice is a demanding little kid , screaming , `` Outta the Way ! '' and `` Fill ` er up ! '' I relegated the thing to the car , hoping maybe he 'd like to turn the steering wheel when I drive , but the `` on '' switch is hyper-sensitive , and every time we 'd go over a bump in the road , the ! @ # $ thing would turn on ! And the worst part is , it does n't have an auto-shut off feature . It just keeps making noise ! Oh , and the volume is LOUD , too ! Save your money !
 My daughter loves this toy , as she loves to pretend to drive , but we are really disappointed in what the toy says . The voice is bratty and gives bratty commands like `` Fill me up now '' ... no please/thank you etc. . Also , on one it says `` Slow down little fellow '' , and given that I have a girl playing with it , that could get confusing ... I would like for toys to think a little more about how we would like our children to act instead of trying to get them to be rude and demanding .
 Ugh , I do n't care for this toy at all . I was looking for a driving toy and thought this one would be fun , but my son -LRB- 9 months -RRB- and I both find it annoying . First , it 's deafeningly loud , even on the quieter setting . Second , the sounds are far too startling and far too many -- I can see him getting distressed after only 30 seconds or so . Having quieter , shorter noises that are actually caused by some action on the child 's part would be much more enjoyable and educational . Third , as several other reviewers noted , the phrases it says make it a great training toy if you want your kid to be a total brat . I do n't ever want to hear `` get outta the way !! '' escape my son 's lips in that awful , demanding tone . I only give it two stars because he seems to enjoy examining it with the sound OFF -LRB- which is its now permanent state -RRB- .
 My 1 year old was given this for his birthday . Some of the phrases are rude . The songs are sung off key . The rollers do n't always play the special song when there are 3 of a kind lined up . The car sounds are enough to make me batty . I do n't see where it is teaching the child anything since it might say any one of three things for each picture . Is it the number ? Is it the shape ? Maybe this time it 's going to be the animal . The low volume setting is still too loud . The only reason I 've given it 2 stars instead of 1 is because my son likes this toy despite the fact that the loses interest after a few minutes . .
 I wish I had seen these reviews before buying this obnoxious toy for my 10 month old for Christmas . I agree with what other reviewers are saying ; this toy barks rude orders like `` Outta the way ! '' and demands that you `` Fill ` er up !! '' in an extremely snotty voice . It does sing a couple of traditional tunes , such as the alphabet song , but even the singing voice has attitude.So unless you want your little guy or gal to learn poor driving manners , steer clear of this toy -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- !
 My 17 month old son received this toy as a gift . This toy shouts rude things and unfortunatey he now says `` OUT OF THE WAY ! '' thanks to this toy ... my husband calls it the New York taxi toy . I do not reccomend purchasing it .
 It 's loud , it teaches terrible manners , and it 's not educational . But it let 's the baby pretend to drive and has some unique and child-appealing sounds and interesting levers and buttons for fine motor skills , so she loves it . I suspect I will have to get rid of it when she starts realizing it says rude things like `` Get out the way !! '' and the voices are really , really annoying .
 This is the worst toy I 've ever seen ! If my child spoke like the voice on this toy I would be mortified ! Do not buy !
 My kids love this toy , but I hate it . The sayings are rude like `` Out of the way ! '' , `` I 'm out of gas , fill ' r up '' It 's very annoying , loud . Ca n't turn the sound down . I do not recommend V-tech toys , they all seem to be loud and annoying .
 We bought this for our son as an infant . It was a lot of fun for him to mess with and hear different sounds etc. . . The sound went crazy within 12 months -LRB- if not before -RRB- and was not fixable.Also , the voice overs of the kids -LRB- phrases -RRB- were not a good example of what you want your kids saying . Quite shocked that this was considered acceptable to the Manufacturers . Had I have listened to this prior to purchasing I would have thought twice!I would not recommend this for kids who pick things -LRB- sayings -RRB- up quickly .
 I purchased this toy for my 7 month old daughter , who is now 10 months , and I believe she has played with this maybe twice . This toy has so many buttons and noises that it seems like a great idea at the store , but getting it home is a completely different story . It is THE MOST chaotic and loud toy I have ever encountered , and not in a good way . With so many levers , buttons , wheels , and switches , my daughter is unable to touch the thing without 5 different commands going off . Any educational value in this toy is completely lost among all the commotion . No sooner than one animal noise begins , another song , or the horrendously annoying horn , overpowers it . My daughter and I both end up frustrated and overwhelmed with this annoying and LOUD toy .
 I purchased this toy for my son 's first birthday and have regretted it ever since . I agree with the other reviews as far as loudness -LRB- very loud -RRB- and rudeness of the ` narrator ' of the toy . I would never want my children saying `` get outta the way '' to anyone and I am in shock that the manufacturer would include this in a toy - especially for children who are beginning to aquire language skills -LRB- according to age recommendation for this toy -RRB- . The most irritating aspect , for me as the parent , is when the ABC song comes on not only is it cut short but the voice singing it is so off-key it makes me cringe . I do n't believe the spinning ABC/123s/Animals at the top of the toy are easy to follow for a young child either . I 'm giving this toy two stars because my son -LRB- and his toddler sister -RRB- seem to like it but I 'm tempted to throw it away because of all the negatives .
 i dont know what toy is more annoying this one or tickle me elmo . as others have stated , it 's rude , too loud and i think has minimal educational value . the age group it is targetted at wants to push buttons just to push them - bells , clicking , tooting is just fine . adding colours or the alphabet does not an educational toy make.im getting rid of this and looking for an older , battery-free , busy box .
 This gift was given to my son as a gift . He does n't yet play with it , but my 19 month old daughter does . It is loud and obnoxious . It says rude things . It is , in my opinion , sexist . It turn on too easily . It was in the floor and my dog kept making the thing talk when he would brush against it . If it were not a gift , I would have taken it back . Do n't waste your money . It does n't teach anything but bad manners .
 My son loved this toy but it broke after 3 weeks . Not very durable at all .
 At first glance it seemed to be the perfect gift for a baby with a thing for all things wheels and musical . AND normally I really trust the Vtech name - so I did n't look at the item too closely prior to buying it . But it did n't take long for me to realize what a mistake I made . Yes , he likes it very much and uses it well , and it performs well etc. . However , I will agree that there is NOTHING nice about how the voices speak or what they say - and I would never think that I would have such a ` prudish ' view on a baby toy ! But it is rude , it is obnoxious and I do n't like the message - if you can say that there is one - I mean - they could have had much more endearing snippets . There is little education in it really - and the songs are short the lyrics to the ABC song is half cut out ?!?!? I could do without having education in a toy - but that coupled with the bad attitude - I have one thing to say `` Outta ' my house `` The older version of this toy is MUCH better with friendlier voices and helpful ` neighbors ' . Vtech should go back to the old version .
 This toy has limited interest for my son . I bought it for him when he was 18 mos -LRB- he is now 2 -RRB- . He occasionally plays with it for maybe 5 minutes at a time . If you put it on a smooth surface -LRB- table , hardwood floor -RRB- it slides around when he tried to turn the wheel or pushes/pulls the gearshift . Also it is very LOUD and I find the tone of voice kind of rude
 This toy is really rude ! It says `` Outta the way '' and other very rude phrases . I ca n't believe anyone would produce a toy like this and think it was okay . This toy got a home at the bottom of a garbage can .
 I 'm just going to quote someone from below b/c they are 100 % correct . Do not buy this toy -LRB- although my 8 month olds enjoy it , something else would be just as fun and possibly polite and educational -RRB- . `` At first glance it seemed to be the perfect gift for a baby with a thing for all things wheels and musical . AND normally I really trust the Vtech name - so I did n't look at the item too closely prior to buying it . But it did n't take long for me to realize what a mistake I made . Yes , he likes it very much and uses it well , and it performs well etc. . However , I will agree that there is NOTHING nice about how the voices speak or what they say - and I would never think that I would have such a ` prudish ' view on a baby toy ! But it is rude , it is obnoxious and I do n't like the message - if you can say that there is one - I mean - they could have had much more endearing snippets . There is little education in it really - and the songs are short the lyrics to the ABC song is half cut out ?!?!? I could do without having education in a toy - but that coupled with the bad attitude - I have one thing to say `` Outta ' my house `` The older version of this toy is MUCH better with friendlier voices and helpful ` neighbors ' . Vtech should go back to the old version . ''
 Terrible . If I 'd have heard what it said in the annoying tone it always speaks in , I never would have bought it . It is high quality , it wo n't break . I 've tried . Nothing like teaching your kid to honk the horn and have an obnoxious voice yell `` get out of the way ! '' . And that `` slow down little fella ... '' Why did the makers assume that only boys would play with this toy ? Do n't waste your money .
 My Grandson loved playing with this but Yesterday we had a very scarry incident . While playing with this the steering wheel broke into 3 pieces . I did n't see it actually happen , just glad I saw this before he was hurt . VERY sharp pieces , Broke in 3 parts , Very dangerous !!! I ca n't imagine how an 11month old could do this . . but he did . I have searched for a recall but have not seen anything so far ... Will be calling Vtech today . Just be careful if your child has one of these !!!
 The educational factor really does n't exist other than that it speaks and maybe your child will imitate it . The pictures are too small and confusing to make the connection between the word and the picture . So , if you 're looking for something educational , skip this one . It lights up and makes noise and entertained my one year old , but he likes anything that sings . For the price , that is fine . Unfortunately , the toy died in less than a day . One second it was making noise the next second it was done . Since this was a gift from out of state grandparents we could n't return it to the store and so we called VTech for a replacement . Long story short you 're required to pay one way shipping to get the toy to the company which means at best you 're paying over 2/3 the original retail cost of the toy to get a replacement that may or may not last . We are going to just use that money to buy him something from a different company .
 This toy has quite a lot of different sounds and themes running through it . Perhaps almost too many for the infant who switches between them all to understand any sort of consistency . It 's also quite noisy and annoying.That said , it 's entertaining enough for an infant.I did not agree with reviews about it being ` rude ' . Perhaps the toy has been modified since these initial reviews?UPDATED - after a few more weeks of use I feel compelled to update this review and down-grade from three to two stars . Although the toy packs in a lot of functionality , the noise it makes is near constant . So if baby pushes a button the toy will make a noise , but then carries on making more noise , this does n't really teach cause and effect . Worst of all , if it has n't been played with for a few minutes -LRB- e.g. baby moves on to a different toy -RRB- , the Vtech toy starts making noises of its own to try and win back baby 's attention . Very annoying , baby ignores it and I end up having to turn it off because it is so noisy . I wish it just made limited and responsive sounds when baby played with it and I wish that it had a volume control as it is a bit on the loud side for us .
 Within just a week of owning this toy it started having problems . The sounds stopped working -LRB- the lights would work -RRB- and then the problems quickly escalated . I believe that when the on switch is turned to the on position it is not making a complete connection . I called customer service and was disappointed that they could n't do anything except tell me to replace the batteries -LRB- which I had -RRB- . I lost the registration card so unfortunately this toy is just going in the trash . After several bad experiences with low quality vtech toys I will NEVER buy a Vtech toy ever again .
 There are not many toys that I just can not stand -- but I could not BELIEVE how rude the sounds on this toy are ! Did this pass ANY parent testing ? V-Tech , it 's disappointing . My daughter liked playing with the wheel , but I can not deal with a toy teaching her rudeness .
 Although my son -LRB- 18 months -RRB- loves the music & lights , the little voice that comes out of this toy is rude . `` Out of the way ! '' and `` fill ` er up ! '' ... I would correct my son if he were to speak to anyone with that tone . Durable & cute to look at , but not cute to hear .
 Sheesh ! This toy is fairly durable -LRB- stickers can come off of course though -RRB- - but other than that , I am NOT impressed.Sure as another reviewer stated , a 6 mth old will not `` get '' the attitude the voice has in the toy - but who wants to hear an attitude being projected to your kiddo at any age ??? I tried to sell this at a garage sale for $ 1 . Needless to say - many of my other toys sold - this one went to the local thrift store ! ... I shoulda thrown it away though .
 I had fallen in love with an older version of this toy and so I got my son a new one . Such a mistake .1 . The voices are rude -LRB- get out of the way ! - Just plain rude , I 'm out of Gas ! - like it is someone else 's problem , slow DOWN little fellow - please , be more condescending -RRB- 2 . The songs are OFF KEY3 . The learning bit is so deemphasized.I mean , my kid will play with anything with a steering wheel on it , but honestly . I ca n't give this thing away fast enough . Too bad . We love VTech toys in general .
 My son received this for a Christmas gift last year . My husband would not let me throw it away so it got stuck high in the closet . When we moved my 4 yr old daughter found it and as I was afraid the `` out the way '' suck with her . I had to explain that is rude and we should not talk like that . She wanted to know why someone would make a toy that talks bad . I had to tell her I had no idea why someone would make a toy that teaches rude things . The songs are sung by different voices in different keys at the same time . It makes me crazy . This thing is going out in the trash asap . Do n't buy it .
 I have had this toy for a long time . It has worked pretty well , but I have some major issues with the product . Most of them have been addressed several times here in the reviews , but I want to bring up another issue I have had since I got the toy.This may sound picky and if it does , my apologies . The toy sings some songs . Which is fine , but the notes are extremely flat . Here is my guess . Someone in the company thinks their kid is so cute , that they have to record them for the new toy the company is making , the problem is that the kid ca n't sing . So that may seem like no big deal , but I want my kids to learn to play instruments when they get a bit older and I do n't want them exposed constantly in their formative years to music that is off key and flat . I think that will worm it 's way into their minds and mess them up when they are learning to play correctly.So that made me want to write this review . I know some audiophiles and I am not one of them , but it is really annoying to hear this bad version of `` Dinah wo n't you blow '' and a kid singing `` ABCDEFG '' . So overall I did n't have an issue with the product as a product , I have an issue with the bad production of the software.Thank you for your time .
 My daughter was about 13 months old when I bought this . She loves music , but this toy is n't `` musical ''
 My daughter really wanted one of Barbie Diaries , so we went to the toy store and she -LRB- with her own money -RRB- purchased a pink Barbie Diary . She could barely contain her excitement and we opened the box in the car . I 'm very glad that we did because the bracelet did NOT unlock the diary . Basically , it did n't work . We returned that one and got another . That did n't work either . So that one went back . A third diary -LRB- that we opened at the customer service counter -RRB- did n't work either . My daughter was so disapointed . It 's obviously poorly designed . The magnet bracelet was cute and it 's a cute concept . Too bad it just does n't work .
 I LIKE AND I WANT TO TAKE THAT DOLL
 Do n't waste your time or money . The cards are smaller than a credit card . No instructions were included . At least the refund came very quickly .
 The graphics on these cards are not crisp and artistic . The pictures look cheap and the colors are muted . Also the cards are not glossy but satin in shine . I will not buy cards from this seller again .
 The item that we selected through Amazon was a different set of cards . We received the Sicilian set when we ordered a generic set . This makes playing Scopa more difficult . The seller did not provide any package tracking information , and when received the card box was damaged.I contacted the seller regarding shipping and was provided a curt response.I would not recommend this seller to anyone .
 I did n't like the game did n't understand it and it was not like the real scopa game . The Directions to it was in a different langue so thats why . I just do n't like it .
 Well , the cards are slick and inexpensively made , which I can `` deal '' with . However , there is one card missing . I will have to mark the copyright card accordingly ,
 The only thing that give this toy any stars IMO is that my kids like to play the music fromtime to time.the game is too simple and not very interesting at all.WE are huge game fans here . GO with Candy land instead .
 We were really excited about getting this game for my 21/2 year old daughter for Christmas . It looked so cute , you push the lion head down and it plays `` The Lion Sleeps Tonight '' while everyone takes turns rolling the colored and number dice to determine how many spaces you move your character around the board . Then at any given moment the lion wakes up , pops his head up , and roars -LRB- which means you have to go back to a certain spot on the board -RRB- ... which scares the daylights out of my daughter . She ran out the room and cries even when we ask her to play it with us . I also recently had my 3 year old nephew over a few days ago and he had the same reaction . So this game will be for sale at our next garage sale , because by the time my child grows out of the stage where this game will not scare her she 'll be too old to enjoy the color and number matching movement around the board . I would recomend you check out Leap Frog 's Letter -LRB- Alphabet -RRB- Board Game
 ok i bought this as my friend 's bday gift . . he LOVES ferrari 599 and i had been seeking it for so long and finally i founded thiswhen i received it , everything was just right , well sealed and it looked so cuteBUT when i gave it to my friend , he was so excited and unwrapped it . . it happened it happened!the horse icon on the back trunk flipped up and the tail of the horse was folded over ... i think this is bcz the factory did not adhere it welli was 100 % embarrassed ... that was like a 160 bucks bday gift and limited edition . . he must have thought that it was a fake and cheap 599 model which i got from some 2nd hand store ... craaaappp
 This is the biggest hunk of junk I 've ever purchased . When I bought it at Christmas time , it was $ 129.99 and even though the price has been reduced an additional $ 40.00 , it 's not worth it . This piece of junk stopped playing DVDs a few days after the 90 day warranty expired and last week it stopped working altogether . The unit will turn on but automatically shuts off every time you try to change the channel . So basically , I paid $ 130.00 so my daughter could watch TV for less than 5 months . Save your money and buy a known brand name .
 My daughter received this TV a couple of weeks ago , but we have been so busy we never set it up . The shipping was awesome , the price was awesome , but we have one problem . There is a big white circle in the lower left corner when it is on the blue background . It is n't there when the DVD 's or games are played , but I do n't know what it is . I will call customer service . Other that that , it works great . There are plenty of cable hookups to play games , and it makes it easy for a 3 year old to learn .
 I purchased this product as a birthday gift for an 11-year-old girl . Imagine how disappointed she was when we opened the box and the TV did n't work . I spent three days trying to get an answer at customer service . Four weeks later I am still waiting for a replacement . The manufacturer , MGA never did give me an answer . Globazar -LRB- the retailer -RRB- , has been slow to respond , but supposedly the replacement has been shipped . I will keep you posted whether I get any satisfaction . So far , this experience has not been one that I would recommend to anyone !
 Apparently my sister did not do her homework on this as several of the reviews have the same issue . She bought this for my daughter -LRB- 3 years old -RRB- for Christmas . Within two weeks , the DVD player was not working correctly and now it does not work at all . It tells me that there is no disc or unknown disc in player . I even went as far as to buy her a brand new DVD thinking all of her 's were scratched and it was no help . Even if I can get it fixed or receive a new one , I am sure it will be more of a headache than it is worth . I do not recommend this product to anyone ! IT IS HORRIBLE !
 Toy boring to children . Much of the toy that appears as if it should move does n't , i.e. white gate . Baby ca n't get animals out of the barn once they 're in . Frustrating ! Fish ca n't swim pond to pond if bar is swung too far to either side . Does n't stay balanced well when playing with either side . Strange toy that just ends up on its side in the corner of the room , alone . Skip this toy .
 The upside : If you 're looking to get your kids excited about math , this works . My girls loved the dinosaurs and the Action cards sent them into giggles.If you 're looking to get your kids to understand the different place values in a multi-digit number , this works , i.e. within a half hour of play , my 6-year olds were able to read 5,425 as five thousand , four hundred and twenty five . Before we started the game they could not.The downside : There are errors in the instructions . The colors/place values described do not agree with the board . We found another similar error in the `` Action cards '' . To me , it is not acceptable to have careless mistakes in a math game.Educationally , it just does n't make sense that 1s , 10s , 100s , and 1000s all appear as roughly equal footsteps on the board . Yes , they are marked as 1 , 10 , 100 , and 1000s on the footprint , but moving ahead 1 step for 1 moves your dinosaur the same distance as moving forward 1 step for the 1000 . It just gives you no sense of the relative values.The board gets too crowded with even 2 players but with 4 it was very hard to keep track of your pieces -LRB- 16 total on the board . -RRB- Perhaps because I have been `` conditioned '' by so many other games -LRB- like Trouble or Sorry -RRB- I was used to looking for `` my color '' and not `` my dinosaur '' . Every player gets 4 different colors of 1 type of dinosaur . I 'm sure its something you get used to but it was yet another annoyance.The cards that came with the game are very flimsy , barely a heavy cardstock . They do not look like they will hold up to much use .
 I love Learning Resources games but not this one . Game board is too crowded . Little fingers are always knocking down the dinos . Sure my daughter can now `` read '' a four digit number correctly but has no concept of how much bigger a 1,000 is vs 100 . I was surprised because we have always LOVED our other Learning Resources games . My daughter love , love , loves Money Bags and Sum Swamp .
 There has to be a way to make learning multiplication fun BUT this is n't it ! The spinner does n't spin , all the answers are on the board , it just does n't cut it ! All I can say is keep looking and let me know if you find something that really works !!!
 My wife and I have imbibed the entire Lemony Snicket series , and we are both rather compulsive board game players . Accordingly , when we found that the Perilous Parlor Game existed , we naturally felt obligated to snap it up and give it a try.The game 's construction is quite nice -- while the tiles are cardboard and the game box rather flimsy , the tokens are pewter , and the cards have a light metal edge , presumably to prevent fraying . The board is well-designed , though a bit dark , and sometimes the rooms may run together . Also , the card contain text in the inimitable Snicket style , along with delightful Helquist illustrations . -LRB- NB
 As with the first review I read , I had high hopes for this game . My sister gave it to my daughter a very avid fan of the books , it took three stores and countless online `` notification '' lists to get one game before the holidays . I agree that the game itself is well made and the Lemony Snicket wording of the cards is well done.However , it took us just one game to figure out the strategy . If the orphans collect all the item tiles Olaf can never win , even in a two player game , one player plays all three orphans giving them a 3 to 1 advantage over the Olaf player . My 11 year old son was unlucky enough to be Olaf in this game and quickly realized there was never a chance for him to win . The instructions are fairly complex so younger children would not be able to play this game , but the strategy is so clear to anyone over the age of 9 that it is not suitable for most of the kids who would be able to play it.Unfortunately , in the life of the Baudelaire orphans , even their parlor game is an unfortunate event .
 I actually purchased this game several months ago to take along on a family vacation . Needless to say , no one has played it yet . The directions are , I guess ... ` hidden ' . . ??? Go figure . Ive read them , my middle two kids have read them , -LRB- and have all the snicket books so they somewhat understand the dialogue that goes along with the whole snicket deal -RRB- , but no one has the patience to actually figure out how the HECK to play the game!I 'll admit I became annoyed and gave up reading them . First you do one thing , then apparently that is scrapped later in the rules . . and so on and so on until you are so confused , you cant possibly understand how to play.I should have returned the game to amazon . Toys R Us will not take back opened board games that they cant re-sell .
 Although advertised as compatible with ALL fridge phonics sets , I was dissapointed to open the expansion pack on my son 's birthday and discover that the letters did not fit his fridge phonics word builder or magnetic alphabet set . A call to Leap Frog to try and resolve the problem was unsuccessful . The company does not seem to understand the meaning of the word ALL . They claim that the phonics products I have are new and the expansion pack is old therefore negating the compatibility . The packaging does not list any product age disclaimers . Luckily , Amazon accepted the return easily .
 I bought these letters to work in the new sun shape for the alphabet letters and these do not fit in it . Although the box says that it fits all fridge models .
 Both the battery compartment and the on/off switch are located on the back of the `` scanning '' unit . If you do n't want to nail a hole in your door , but instead opt to use the double-sided sticky pads provided , you ca n't access either the battery compartment or the on/off switch .
 This toy is a great concept but is very misleading . It has nothing to do with gaining access using biometrics or anything that would closely resemble it . To access , you simply push a series of buttons in the order that you set them . Maybe I should have known that a cheap toy like this wouldnt employ fingerprint reading technology . My mistake .
 Came with no manual . No instructions . They ca n't be found on the web . Do n't know how to use it . So not very fun .
 i 've got one big grip !!! YOU CAN NOT FIND SPARE PARTS ! before buying , try to find someone selling a spare wing or tail section . -LRB- or any other part for that matter -RRB- unless your an expert with remotes and never bend up any parts , stay away . -LRB- i must say it was fun for about 20 seconds -RRB-
 I bought this on ebay a few years ago but....-The radio and receiver that came with it is on a European channel and I had all sorts of interference from you name it -LSB- cell phones , police radios , power lines , etc. -RSB- . After a hand toss , the plane flew 10 feet and crashed because of the interference . Okay , time to buy a 2.4-gHz and ESC.-The plane is tail heavy and the battery that came with is was an underpowered nicad with special connectors . Okay , time to spend more money and get a LiPo with a proper ESC , and Dean 's T connectors . Now the on-off switch wo n't connect to the LiPo . Oh well , I can live without a switch . I just need to be careful . I also needed to add weight to the battery for the proper CG which is about 2-1/2 '' back from the leading edge.-The owner 's manual is the usual Chinese to broken English translation . You need to be a little experienced to add the missing or unintelligible information.Finally , I took it to the field and had an experienced guy take it up and trim it for me . I took over and it flew well but it is not a glider . You need to be on top of the controls all the time , otherwise it just drops out of the sky . So , a semi-aerobatic flier it is . A glider or a learning plane for a beginner it is not . I 'd put the $ 80-90 into another plane .
 Overall , this is a decent toy . I was just disappointed in the size . It does seem to be very durable and fun . But it 's just too small . Make it a slingshot or a bow . This seems to be a pointless concept in my book.On a positive note , it does encourage good coordination and aiming skills as a slingshot.I intended it as a gift for my 4 year old who requested a bow and arrow , but upon opening it , I was too disappointed . We gave it as a gift because this would have been a disappointing finale.Instead , we gave my son a Nerf crossbow . Much larger , yet still appropriate for his size.This is fun for a backpack toy .
 I got this for two reasons
 I have three sons ages 11 , 81/2 , and 61/2 years old . None of them like this toy . They each got one for Christmas . We have a bunch of other Nerf and other brand toy guns and bow and arrow type toys that they play with . I would not recommend this toy , waste of my money .
 They total rip everyone off ! Check it out for yourself via the BBB California site !
 This bow is a a piece of crap . Spend your money on something else , not on this . The `` feathers '' on the back of the arrow get caught on the rubberbands in the front.As a adult i can barely pinch the back of the arrow and pull all the way back to shoot it . This is not worth buying .
 Our 9 and 7 year old boy 's received these bow and arrow sets for Xmas and quickly learned they are n't at all what they expected . The item description states the arrows shoot over 100 feet and it does n't even come close to that . First of all , it 's hard to set the arrow up and align the bow w / the string . It almost seems to flimsy for the arrow to stay straight and hold position . If and when they were able to get it set , once they shot the arrow it basically fell in front of them . Big dissapointment and waste of money . Neither of them have played with them once since Xmas morning .
 This toy broke my 7-year old 's heart when it broke the third time he used it . He thought it was great fun , had no trouble using it , but it snapped when he simply pulled it back . Great concept but cheaply made .
 This is a very cheaply made product that lasted only a few uses before it needed a new bow string . Save your money and look for something else .
 This toy is so cheaply made that it functioned correctly only 3 times before it broke . One of the arrows broke before it was fired . I would advise spending your money on something with a little more durability . The arrow however , did go quite a distance when it did work ... before the bow broke .
 I was expecting the same Knete -LRB- clay -RRB- Faber-Castell is selling in Europe which is wax based and does not dry . However , this version was apparently made for the American market and essentially resembles Play-Doh - just for a much higher price and without the container which protects it from drying out.There is one advantage over Play-Doh which is that this doh , I do not want to call it even clay , sticks better together . Actual Play-Doh does hardly stick together which makes it difficult for children to model with it . In my opinion , the air dry feature is not even a feature . If you want to preserve your kid 's art , then you are better off with Fimo . If you are looking for a fun and messy time with doh , you just get one of those large and inexpensive original Play-Doh sets .
 I received plain old modeling dough , not the glitter dough I ordered . Do n't know who is at fault
 My son likes the trains and they look very realistic but Playmobil makes a flimsy product . It takes very little for the train to fall off the tracks and pieces are always popping off -LRB- like the windshield , antenna , etc. -RRB- . We also have the garbage truck that Playmobil makes and we have the same issue . They look very cool but you 'll spend 75 % of the time trying to put it back together while your child sits by and watches .
 I bought two RC Express trains from Playmobil , one for my nephew and one for my daughter . It 's a nice toy , but look out for quality . BOTH trains had the same problem . One of the wheels on the engine platform cracked -LRB- it 's just plastic -RRB- . It 's a very expensive toy and I think that Playmobil should have done a better job putting their main component together .
 the game was pretty good , but as a kid , the competition was basicly who could read faster . the questions apear on the screen and they do n't read it out loud . I played with my friends and I thought I was going to do great because I watch spongebob 24/7 but my friends beat me because they read faster and answered the question first .
 Bought at Toys r Us for 8 year old . Had fun puttingit together , and like I said it Looks cool.However , you barely touch it while playing with it , and it falls apart . Even frustrating for a kid.I would expect better quality for $ 40 . Probably will return .
 The product is 6 '' but the diameter of a pencil . I had to buy regular cyalume light sticks that were the correct size and longer light time . The product is a toy ; good to give out to kids on Holloween .
 They work very bright for the first 30 to 60 mins . Then to a glow as bright as a candle -LRB- large candle -RRB- . Afther maybe 8 to 9 hours the light drops down to a match glow . The 12 hour time is off by 3 to 4 hours . So not all glow sticks , snaplights ... are made the same . Check glow times and be safe . Thank you
 The doll is short and stumpy , not the svelte look the character is known for . Her outfit is all wrong , and resembles nothing of the Pixie Hollow culture the books spent so much time developing . Also , this fairy is not supposed to have wings . She 's a special , important character for that fact , and yet they gave her wings . Why ?
 this toy is flimsy and will break easily . pieces fell off the toys just getting it out of the package .
 This was a gift from Santa to my 31/2 year old son . Parts on the tow truck and police bicycle just came right off within the first hour my son played with them after opening it on Christmas morning . Not good quality at all .
 It just stops working after 5 to 10 minutes of work . I do n't know if this happens to other brands of compressors but this one just stops working after a while and you have to wait about 30 minutes for a cooldown . It 's really annoying when you are in the middle of a work . I 'm so pissed of that I decided to throw this one away and buy another brand .
 Although I did not have the same problem with the compressor as the other reviewer , mine does not over heat , it is still not very good . The amount of paint you can get with this system is very minimal . I tried numerous times to get an even consistent flow , cleaning regularly and making all the adjustments mentioned in the documentation , still the paint came out blotchy or did come out at all with almost every pass . The plastic nozzles clog very easily and seem to stop working altogether after 10 minutes of use . Cleaning does n't help . Avoid this product , it 's not worth the money even at a deep discount .
 First of all , let me get this out of the way ... if you want a toy that you fire into the air with a slingshot-type device and comes down like a helicopter , then get some Arrowcopters -LRB- by the Arrowcopter company -RRB- . They 've been around since the 1960 's , cost less than the SkyRocket HoverBlade , are easier to shoot , and perform better -LRB- they really do go up hundreds of feet -RRB- . And the last time I checked , they are available through Amazon -LRB- and elsewhere -RRB- . For this toy , however , I really had to haul back on the launcher , only to have the rocket go up maybe 30 feet -LRB- the foam helicopter blades do n't straighten out all the way , so they really slow the rocket down -RRB- . Since it did n't go very high , it did n't helicopter down very well . Also , this toy feels way too over-engineered . Although it held together for the few flights this toy went on , it felt like there were too many parts and joints -- too many potential failure points given how hard you have to pull back on the launcher . Yeah , it 's nice that this toy is made almost completely out of foam and is about as safe as any toy like this could be . The problem is that it is SO safe that you would n't want to play with it ... making it the safest and least fun toy in the toybox.So Mom , skip this toy and get some Arrowcopters instead . Yes , you read that right -- get several . That 's not just because some might land somewhere inaccessible like a rooftop or an Arrowcopter-eating tree . Once one kid starts fling an Arrowcopter , invariably everybody wants to try firing off a few shots ... kids ... grownups ... heck , probably you , too!And in case you 're wondering , no I do not work for or own stock in Arrowcopter Co. . I just remember having a lot of fun flying them as a kid , and this is my way of saying , `` Thank you . ''
 This unconscionable rip-off comes with two `` rockets . '' I launched the first one and one of the blades dropped off . The second rocket did get into the air 5 or 6 times but never achieved anything like the altitude claimed on the packaging . It reached 40 feet at the most . After about a half dozen flights , one of the stabilizer fins tore away from the fuselage and the rocket failed to attain even its earlier disappointing altitude . I had to apologize to my 5 year old son because this piece of junk had been one of his birthday presents.I emailed Monkey Business , but they never responded . I also purchased a 99 cent rubber band-launched heli-rocket at the dollar store . It goes higher and still has n't broken . Do n't be a sucker ; do n't buy this or any Monkey Business product . You may notice that I gave the product two stars for educational merit -- well , I did learn a lesson .
 I found the game boring . So , did my 4 year old nephew . I thought it would be better than it was because my niece has the scene it jr. game.The numbers were called too slow . I did not like how stiff and unanimated it seemed . The sound quality was not the best either . Great concept but it could have been a lot better .
 Game was in poor used condition when I received it . When purchasing the product I received no warning of this .
 My daughters got the caste fron the grandparents . First of all it takes forever to put it together . My girls love playing with it . However , it keeps falling apart if you move it in any way . You think when you pay so much money for something like this it would be durable - but none of the Playmobil things are . We also have the house , and it constantly falls apart , too . It 's sad because now both have broken so many times and are in pieces and my daughters do n't even really play with it anymore .
 I bought this toy for my grandaughter 's fourth birthday . Since it comes in hundreds of pieces , we spent a good part of the day putting it together . The pieces of the castle are constantly falling off and getting scattered all over her bedroom floor . As a result , some of the pieces have been lost . Many of the parts have sharp edges or corners and are quite painful to step on , especially with bare feet . For this price , I expected to receive a durable , high quality toy that my grandaughter could enjoy for years . Instead , we are stuck with trying to return our purchase , or having it fall completely apart in the next few weeks or months . I am so unhappy with this purchase that I am posting my first product review ever .
 My kids -LRB- 6 and 4 -RRB- received a few Playmobil toys as presents . They are made out of cheap plastic and the parts do n't stay together . If Playmobil was a quarter of the price it actually sells for , I guess it would be reasonable . Also it has too many little parts , that only older kids can appreciate , but which 12 year old wants to play with a doll house or farm ? If you monitor every toy your kids pull out of the shelf to play with and pack away one toy before they start playing with another , it will work . Otherwise the small parts just end up scattered in their toy boxes , which is too frustrating to look for when they want to play with their Playmobil toys.There are many toys for much less with a much better quality .
 I bought this at a thrift store today.Seeing how it 's like $ 60 on this site , I was thrilled to buy it for only $ 2.96 . When I got homeI looked up instructions , and found , `` Just plug into your tv and play ! '' I did.Wouldn ' t work.Showed the `` No Signal '' screen.I tried 5 times.I put in new batteries.STILL would n't work.So I do n't know how to rate it ...
 I decided to ignore the warnings of the joystick being flimsy ... Big Mistake ! My joystick broke within two weeks , and we did n't even get to play it that much . I ca n't believe that it is so hard for them to make a simple product like this that can last for a while . It 's not worth the frustration , do n't buy it ...
 I would recommend that anyone who orders this game get assurance from the seller that it actually works . I got my game today and it does n't even work and I paid -LSB- ... -RSB- for the thing .
 I purchased a plug & play Ms. Pac-Man and it is the worst one I have ever owned ! It has a defect in it or something , it does what it wants to do , NOT what you tell it to do ! It also STOPS in all the corners for a split second before continueing around the board ! I hate it , I hate it , I hate it ! My OLD one is MUCH better to handle than the new one is . I would NEVER buy another one from here !
 DO NOT BUY THIS !!! I got a plug and play for christmas , and was really happy . I could already envision myself playing Ms. Pac-Man hour after hour on Saturday night . So when I ran over to the T.V. , I pluged in the cables , turned it on , selected Ms.Pac-Man , hit the joystick down ... Ms. Pac-man goes up , right into an awaiting Blinky.I do n't know why , but this control is extremely flimsy . You go up , the charachter goes down . Turn the car left , takes about five seconds , and when it does , it collides with a car trying to pass you . Ms Pac-Man is horrific , especially . I ca n't even go pass one screen before falling in to the clutches of a ghost.So do n't buy this . Bad controls , mainly . Do n't waste your money . Trust me .
 Pac Man and Ms. Pac Man are my favorite games from the 80 's . I bought this game from Walmart -LRB- I think -RRB- back in 2004 . I 've had HOURS of fun with it ! I 've had no problems with pieces breaking , etc. . I DO however , have a problem with this controller having a `` mind '' of its own . The highest score received on this game in the 8 years I 've had it was just over 50,000 . Each time I play it , I do not exceed 30,000 something . When playing this at an arcade/gameroom , I pop 2 quarters in and I 'm on the darn thing forever racking up 6 figure scores . With THIS game , no such luck . Turn the controller left ; it goes right . Turn it up ; it goes down , etc. and it always seem to do this when there is a ghost near by , causing you to run right into it . Unfortunately , when chasing valuable fruits and ghost , rarely does it `` accidentally bump '' into that . There were times where I KNEW Ms. Pac Man 's mouth had touched a fruit or ghost , but somehow , nothing was eaten . Try doing that with the ghost when they are not all blue and you will most definitely lose a life . Fun to play , and I ca n't complain as far as it being a good way to pass time ; but I wish the controller was built a little better . Even if we have to pay more money . I 'd rather pay more for better quality , because this controller is NOTHING like the arcade or what we used to get on the old Atari system . HUGE difference . Lastly , since this is bigger than what the joystick used to be , you have to have big enough hands to hold this . A child 5 years old wo n't advance much in this game , because it 's hard for a person with small hands to hold AND control at the same time .
 I bought this item new and the cord had a shortage in it . Bought a used one b4 and it was the same thing but only cost me $ 20 so I figured by purchasing the new one -LRB- $ 90 -RRB- it would not have this problem but obviously it did . Could n't even get a good weeks worth out of it .
 I bought this for my wife because she reeeaaallly wanted one since seeing it at a brick-and-mortor retail shop for much , much less than I had to pay online thanks to my foolish procrastination . Of course I had to take it for a spin . Here 's what I found.Simply put
 These used to be $ 20 a few years ago . The cords are way too cheap and continually need to be replaced along with a controller switch from time to time . Unless you are handy in the electronics field do n't even think about buying one . I need 3 of these to keep one working .
 I COULD N'T TELL YOU HOW TO RATE BECAUSE WHEN I RECEIVED IT IN THE MAIL IT WAS NOT IN THE CD CASE PROPERLY & THE CD WAS SCRATCHED UP & DOES N'T EVEN WORK . IF THIS HOW I WILL RECEIVE ORDERS - THEN I WO N'T ORDER FROM HERE ANY MORE ! VERY DISAPPOINTED !
 I have had two of these discs so far and neither one would allow me to open issue # 45 . According to GIT Corporation tech support there is a corrupt file on the Master disc . Here is the response they sent to my email inquiry . `` The problem does not lye with the discs , but with a corrupt file on the Master . The Ghost Rider collection is now in the process of being re-mastered . When they become available , we will post exchange info on the site . No definite date yet , as it an extremely time consuming process . `` GIT 's `` knowledge base '' does not even list this known problem and it appears they have not recalled the defective discs and are still allowing them to be sold.I would be very wary of buying this product until the problem is corrected .
 This is a very cute picture but I am afraid the actual product is not as nice as shown here . The workmanship just is not up to par with the rest of my collection . This is a shame as she could be quite cute . I love her character , but not this particular piece . As always , be aware that these are not children 's toys . These are toys for big girls and boys and are not appropriate for children . The cost of this one is pretty low , so I suppose I got what I paid for so I should not complain so much .
 My husband and I have been playing the Radica Solitaire games for over 10 years . We finally bought the new one - we have been playing for over 10 hours and have not been able to run a game . Who ever did the software for this game was sick - the most cards you will ever get is 4 in the suites.This is definitely NOT worth the money and we are asking for a refund.Unfortunately , the older ones that we had , we thru away.I contacted Radica and they said the older ones were to easy - I agree , but why go so much the other way that it is not even fun to play anymoreDO NOT BUY THIS GAME - NOT WORTH IT
 Bought this game for my sister who was travelling . I recently visited her and find that this game in the Vegas mode will allow about 1 win in 100 - 1 % . The satisfaction of getting the game to a win is exceedingly low.This version is not as good as the original , which allowed a much more frequent game play / win ratio . Overall the bells and whistles added to this new edition to enhance it , are no compensation for the lack of wins.A big disappointment over the original which was a lot more fun to play .
 Who was the idiot -LRB- s -RRB- that wrote the software for the Radica Solitaire 2000 ?!!??? Many years ago , we purchased the Radica Solitaire 2320 -LRB- or 2380 . . -RRB- . The program was fine and you could , with some playing , expect to win daily.Not with the 2000 ! One is lucky to win weekly , playing all day.You folks have lost the concept ! The idea is n't to win . THE IDEA IS TO COMPETE FOR HIGH SCORE !!! The 2320 would let you win without deducting the 20 points for going more than 3 rounds . In other words , you could win -LRB- and compete -RRB- before it went past 3 rounds . NOT WITH THE 2000 !!!! It is virtually impossible to win on the 2000 before it deducts the 20 points.I ca n't tell you how disappointed my wife and I are with your poorly programmed 2000 ... But , we 're sure you 'll delete this review ... Don and Sandra Chute
 My husband and I have been playing the Radica Solitaire games for many years . Why do they have to change the design so radically ??? Whoever did the software for the new one did a very poor job . Do n't bother playing the Vegas version on this new design !
 I 'm slighty disappointed . I 've owned radica solitaire for 10 years or more . My game just wore out , but I knew how long to play each game . Onthis new game , it takes me longer to complete a game and the button or area near the total at the top , does not work so there is n't a grand totalto look forward to.How do I get this button to work ?
 Received the Little Tikes Rocking Puppy today . Ordered for a birthday present for a one year old . I was very disappointed in the sharp plastic seams . Poorly seamed and/or trimmed . We had to use a razor blade and sandpaper to trim and smooth . Plastic seams sharp enough to cut delicate baby skin . VERY DISAPPOINTED in this Little Tikes toy .
 This was a 1st birthday gift for a very active little boy . he pretty much ignored it . It is now for sale on craiglist . He used it maybe 5 times , not for lack of availability , just lack of interest ... the toy appear indestructable though . Well made .
 My 13 month old ended up with two rocking horses and this puppy at Christmas due to lack of family communication . If she would have only recieved this one , I think it would be used more . One of her ponies sings while she rides it so of course that 's her favorite . The only bad thing about this one is she learned almost right away that she can stand on the seat and rock it . It 's really low to the ground . I ca n't leave it in her room unless I 'm in there because I do n't want her to climb on it and knock a tooth out ! But , she does like it . When I bring it out , she keeps saying `` puppy , puppy ! '' and climbs on by herself .
 Yes , this toy is very affordable BUT you might break a finger trying to hammer the pieces on . Whoever designed the accessories to be installed with a hammer and a piece of wood should be fired ... stickers would have been alot easier and safer.STAY AWAY !!
 This toy must be one of those ` hit or miss ' type things . My sons were not impressed at all - got on once or twice , and then left the poor blue puppy abadoned in the corner until I sold it on Craigslist . LOL .
 This toy is very average , It really does not do anything special . My daughter has to put in extra effort to get it to move . I was under the impression that it would be like a little rocker .
 My kids love to play skeeball -LRB- at arcades -RRB- and skillball looked similar so it seemed like a perfect match . However this game is cheaply made and not durable at all . The netting that keeps the balls in play was the first thing to break , which resulted in little objects being shot all over the house and under chairs . Once the fascination of `` shooting '' things wore off and with the broken netting -LRB- which is plastic of course -RRB- the kids put it away and it soon found its way to the trash . Save your money , it 's not even worth the little they want for it here .
 I am a pediatric occupational therapist . This is by far the biggest piece of junk I have ever purchased . It fell apart within an hour of playing it . The ramp broke first , folloed by the netting . There is no skill to this game at all - it 's luck , and frustrating for kids . I am a busy person ... we all are . To spend the time to write a review on this toy tells you just how bad it is . Please take it off the market !
 This toy is fun , but the netting does n't stay in place . We finally had to tape it into place , I wonder how long it will stay taped though . Other than the netting , it is a pretty good toy . My son is four and he likes it , if they could just improve the durability a little .
 Players should be very evenly matched in age/ability for this lame game , where you ask another player questions -LRB- from a printed card -RRB- and the answerer can not say `` Yes '' or `` No , '' or repeat any answer . My kids and I played once . For a half hour . It has never left the closet again . I 'd change my review to `` one star '' but this system wo n't let me .
 It was a great value , to be able to get all the dolls , furniture and the house for such a great price . We got it for our daughter last year for Christmas . However , we are buying a new one for her for this year!The doll house is really hard to play with . Having a semi-closed front makes it hard to `` get into '' the house . I find that it is hard for my kids to get the dolls into the setting positions and to place them on the couches and chairs without knocking other furniture items over . It is hard to move dolls from one room to the other . It is also hard for more than one child to play with it at a time . Seeing how they play with other doll houses , it appears that a doll house that is open in the fount is a much better design.An open front doll house allows the kids to easily reach all the rooms . Also , it facilitates more than one child playing at a time -LRB- not to mention a grown-up 's bigger hand -RRB- . Also , an open face design takes up less space . You can push it against the wall and have only a small amount of space on either side for the dolls to `` play outside '' . With this doll house , you need to have lots of room on either side of the doll house so kids can sit/lay down to reach into the side rooms.I love Melissa & Doug toys , but i really wish they made this same doll house with an open front design .
 the toys where easy to break i was not to happy with anything about this purchase and i will not shop here again for this particular item
 This item was listed with a very poor description and pictures too small to figure out how it works . The original `` Bumble Ball '' that was popular was motorized , secured with screws , and was powered by batteries . This version was listed with `` Product Features '' description of `` ONE BALL , NO CHOICE IN COLOR . '' and the `` Product Description '' as `` FOR AGES 11/2 YEAR + . '' thats it . The picture is also so small you ca n't read the `` no batteries required '' on the package or see the way it works . So I assumed that the `` Bumble Ball Jr. '' worked the same way as the original just smaller . I was totally wrong . This ball shakes after you pull the string by the cheaply made plastic hook . It 's is also hard to pull so with one had on the ball and a finger on the other hand through the plastic hook to pull it apart by the time you release it and it hits any surface it shakes for maybe a second . I actually bought this for my puppy . I would not let her have it because of the cheap hook so there is no way I would let a child use it . Granted it 's cheap but even at that price it is a complete waste of money since to return it the shipping would cost more .
 My 1 year old 40 lb dog would not even play with it when it was turned on . When it was off then she would play with it . The knobs that stuck out were quickly chewed off and toy would no longer turn on when she through the ball for herself . Would not recommend .
 The doll is adorable . Very cute and looks just like my Granddaughter when she was about 5 mos old . That being said , the doll is not cuddly at all . The body is oddly lumpy and the neck , feet and hands are stiff hard and are stitched rather obviously to the torso which is kind of a beanbag sort of construction . I think the doll is cute , but probably would not have purchased it if I had the opportunity to handle it before buying.I think all baby dolls should be cuddly for the little children who they are meant for . I did n't return it . Not enough time and being housebound , shopping the stores was not an option . My Granddaughter likes the doll and it is part of her trove.For cuteness , 5 stars for cuddling and loveabilty 1.5-2 stars.Service from the seller was very good and prompt 5 stars
 Well , I was sort of looking forward to this figure until I actually saw it for myself . The sculpt is great , with every fleshy wrinkle of the Fly 's distorted body is replicated admirably . The folds of skin are accentuated by a black wash to really bring out the detail . There are even small black hairs poking out of the Fly 's body in several places -- his chin , leg , and back all have the tiny feelers . He also comes with a display stand -LRB- I got mine to stand without it , incedentally -RRB- , and compared to other Movie Maniacs , the Fly is articulated like crazy -- left shoulder , left elbow , right shoulder , right wrist , and both legs move.Despite all the good work put into the figure , I was n't overly impressed . It seemed a little too big in relation to the other figures of the line , and had some sort of weird green plastic `` goo '' attached to its side.Of course , just because I do n't like the figure does n't mean that it 's bad -- I can recognize that a lot of work was put into this , and that for some people this might be a dream come true . My advice , however , is to take a good long look and judge for yourself ...
 These toys are very poorly made and the parts fall off immediately . Do n't bother with them .
 Order was placed for my 4-year old grandson ; contents were not as shown on the box and not at all suitable for a child . Vendor was very understanding about the return and I have been notified that a credit has been issued . Am totally satisfied with the service and have a greater understanding of how these items are sized .
 Now before I start , let me clear something up . I only gave it two `` fun '' stars , but this is truly a cool toy . It just would n't be any fun for anyone to play with . It is a statue , molded to mimic the famous pit scene from Army Of Darkness , and it will NOT be played with . Still , if you 're a rabid Evil Dead fan , then this is a must . The accessories are really neato , and the little rubber Necronomicon prop is a toy all by itself , I kept finding myself with it in my hand , fiddling with it . My main gripes are that it does n't look alot like Bruce Campbell , even though the prototypes looked flawless , and the shotgun holster kinda popped off . Oh well .
 I would not recommend this to a family with children . I could n't answer the questions -LRB- I 'm 31 -RRB- and my husband , who is 46 had a hard time , too . We both consider ourselves TV watchers . Our 16 y/o was really bored . Thanks , Scene It , for ruining family game night !
 American-retro Pretty In Pink Pedal AirplaneThis airplane was given to our daughter for her 2nd birthday . Although an adorable gift that she was so excited to ride , it just did not hold up to expectations . It can not be pedaled for one thing because you can not steer it . It is a big and bulky toy that is now parked in her room . Not really what they giver had in mind . Also , the steering wheel comes off rather easily and the screws that hold it in place -LRB- or do not hold in place -RRB- can be a choking hazard . Cute concept , but still needs more work .
 I was very disappointed with the quality of this product . There were many sharp edges including the pedals . I do not think it is appropriate for a young child . Also , the leather seat had three or four stains -LRB- rust ? -RRB- . I would not recommend this item .
 This watergun may look neat , but it is just another one made By Hasbro . It Does not shoot 35 feet . I tested it and it blasted only about 18-20 feet . The Woookie Water Blaster is OK for small watergun fights , but it will be drenched in big ones with the ARM XL 4000 , and SuperSoaker FlashFlood . The water capcity is OK , but the shooting power is not . Summerizing , toys may look good , but do n't let that convice you they ARE good1 If You want to waste money , go ahead , but I would reccomend saving up for the future just like I did . So as newer , maybe better waterguns come out you could buy those . Again Looks Good-Works Un Good !!!!
 I purchased 3 of these guns for my three sons and within 48 hours all of them were not working . The gun made great sound effects for the 2 days that they worked but after using them as water guns the sound effects no longer worked even with new batteries . The inside of the battery case was still dry so that was not the cause . Very dissappointing .
 It has weak range and the sounds drain out if you put them in water ! You are better off with a arm xl 4000 ! thw wookie blaster does not shoot 35 feet ! more like 25 feet !
 Man this is one cheap water gun . This aint even a water gun . its jus a collectible for all them people that like star wars . I don even have this gun and i no it don work.I would rather get one o them cheap squirt guns that u get a dolla store for 50 cents . but If u really wan na wet yo friend 's then u gots to get the Flash Flood / or that big Xi 4100 Arm -LRB- i don no the name but it was sumtin like that -RRB- .
 Purchased this for our grandson 's birthday . The game looked cheap , it also looked like we were shipped a product that was previously opened . It did not work and I am sure it was a returned product . Called the supplier and was told that we would be e-mailed a return shipping sticker . It never came . Called again and got an answering machine , left a message , still no reply . Called our credit card company and they deducted it from our bill . Two weeks later and still no reply from the seller .
 Spent less time playing with it than it took to put together . Had the most fun with it by taking it out to the range and blasting it with a real 12 Gage . I would advise you to take a pass on it .
 I have no idea how this game got such good reviews . It is so boring , so elementry , so lame . It 's actually a rip of a cooler game called Wimp Out . I love games and hated this one , no challenge , no fun . Sent it back !
 Farkle is a very fun game to play . The problem with this unit is how cheap the contents in the box are . The dice cup is small and plastic , not the typical leather bound dice cup most of us are used to . The dice are also very low end . My suggestion would be to go out to a bar game store and buy a good dice cup , good dice , and then download the rules for this game off of the internet.It was only $ 10.00 , but it just was n't worth it .
 The flash flood certainly has the best nozzle scheme i 've seen recently , flash flood to drown , standard for conserving . It was a nice gun , until it broke within 2 weeks.Ever since Max-D was used in a water gun that did n't have plumbing problems -LRB- Like connecting hoses falling off aquapack devastators -RRB- , the trigger spring -LRB- Which stops the water from coming out -RRB- falls off in a month or so . On this gun , since it uses 2 triggers and deals with rapid discharge , the trigger spring WILL fall off in a little bit.The CPS 1200 -LRB- 5 or so years old -RRB- is one of the toughest things i 've used . Even the toughest maneuver damage -LRB- Except dropping , maybe -RRB- can be taken without harm . The flash flood is the exact opposite . 1 hyperactive rampage , and it 's gone !
 I had this water gun for three monthes , then it broke . do not get this gun it uses max-d technology which means it will break in one year . all my max-d guns are broken.Most people think a water gun lasting one or two years is good , its not . non max-d water guns last up to 5 years or more . Im not mad . Im disapointed
 This gun sucks ! I hate it because when I tried to pressurize the gun , water keeps leaking out of both nozzles . You waste water and by the time you refill it it 's already leaking again . I mean why would you refill it anyway ? I highly reccomend you NOT to buy this gun ! It 's a ripoff !
 The flash flood is very fun.But mine broke after three days.after I got another one it broke after five days Dont buy this
 The normal nozzle is very weak . Most kids thing it has good range and power . If you want to see good range and power , get a cps2000 or make a gun ! It only shoots 35 feet which i am sorry to say is rather pathetic . The triple shot shoots further.The `` flash flood '' riot blast is not that great either , it basically retracts the cps pressure chamber and empties all of it 's contents , which hit a grate and spray with pathetic range and a shot time of about 1 second . If you poke the grate out the stream is better . Also mine broke , when i pump it it automatically shoots . i thought this may be good for acting like a blaster that uses a piston-based pressure system , but it shoots about 2 feet . -LRB- The Gremlin which has a piston shoots about 40 feet -RRB- if you want a good blaster , get an older cps cannon like a cps2000 , 1500 , or 2100 . or get an aquamaster precharger -LRB- argon , krypton , or xenon -RRB- or a blazer .
 Mine broke after 2 days.now it shoots whenever i pump . Do n't buy it
 Ive said it several times and ill say it again . hasbro buying out super soaker has been a disaster . They 've lowered the market age by at least 5 years with their new pathetic `` soaker tag '' blasters . They discontinued the fast filler , no pump technology which had been newly developed by larami , constant pressure system , and the amazing guns which were coming off the assembly line in 2002 . My splashzooka is a reminder of a sad day when super soaker was bought out . I am an addictive super soaker user and have boycotted every weapon produced by hasbro . I tried the secret strike and it stunk . The amount of water in the storage tank is the amount I drink in one chug from 1 glass of water . We can only have hope that it will get better .
 The 2005 Flash Flood has wimpy range . The flash flood nozzle may be powerful , but it empties your firing chamber in the blink of an eye . Here 's a tip
 3 of my freinds got a flash flood and after using its flash flood about 5 times it stopped working . dont get this gun , get arctic shock and freeze your freinds !!!!!!!!!!!
 SuperSoaker Flash Flood is a really fun gun . It sucks for dursblety though . Right when I got it me and my brother went out to test it . About the fivth time we used the flash flood lever something went wrong with it . Whenever I pumped it water came out the flash flood nosle without me pressing anything !! Now I am going to get somehting else because of my grades . Please email me if you read this . My email is -LSB- ... -RSB- . I would like to hear what you think of SuperSoaker Flash Flood . Please email to me .
 I bought this toy for my four kids -LRB- 2-5 -RRB- . We used it twice , it worked great !! Even the 2 year-olds loved it . Then it broke . The volcano quit working . I wrote to Hasbro for a replacement part , product , anything to get it working again . They wrote back -- `` ca n't be fixed , no replacement . '' So they sent me a replacement toy , one supposedly of equal value . A furreal cat . Not a water toy . My boys were not impressed . If they ever could get it fixed so this toy actual works , it would be a great toy . Stay clear of it for this year . Maybe next year they will figure out how to make it last all summer . Let 's hope so .
 If you pay more than fifteen bucks you are being robbed . -LRB- I paid 12 -RRB- This toy lasted about a total of 10 hrs over a few days of use . The kids did love it while it lasted , But then it just stopped pumping the water skyward.I thought I could fix it , but I was wrong . The part that failed is basically a section of heavy duty rubber tube , think `` Automobile Heater hose '' . But it is not reinforced like a heater hose , so it swells with the water pressure , then a valve releases all that pressure quickly , producing a rush upward and out the top of the mountain.In my case the hose was obviously cracked , but it had ten , twelve stress cracks down its side . It was going to fail , it was just a matter of time . -LRB- I gave it 2 stars for educational because my son and I ripped it apart and studied its inards . As a functioning toy it is a 1 star -RRB- It is my feeling that this part will fail eventually on all of these units.As for US 89.00 and US 199.99 on some of the sites selling them , they are out of their minds . Even if 200 bucks is nothing to you , please dont perpetuate low quality products selling for high prices , the markets will only pursue those types of products/sales and eventually everything will be low quality products .
 I bought this toy last summer and the kids loved it . Early this year , it stopped working and I could n't figure out why . So , since it was cheap , I threw it away and bought another one -LRB- because the kids love it -RRB- . Lasted 4 weeks . Have n't checked to see if the bladder broke , but it has the same symptoms as others state . Nothing blasts out the volcano and it just pours out the bottom . I would n't buy it again .
 I had a good time in 2006 and half of 2007 till itbroke after buying TWO of them . I LIKED HOw the eyes go up and how it exploded but I WAS mad at super soaker for not making it right . If you do not want to waste your money , DONT buy this !
 Well so far we 've gone thru 2 of these . Both times the rubber bladder has cracked . AVOID AVOID AVOID !!! JUNK JUNK JUNK !!!
 This was used by my 5 and 3 year olds twice , then it broke -LRB- normal use , no sitting on the sprinkler or any other foolishness -RRB- . I paid a lot of money for this and was very disappointed when it stopped erupting . Poorly made toy , do n't waste your money .
 After waiting 3-4 weeks , it finally arrived ! To my grandchildrens dismay . It did not perform as advertised.There was n't any volcano erupting , all it did was sprinkle a small amount from the side . Yes we did have good water pressure , and it was put together correctly!I just want my money and shipping charges back!Thank you for your expediency on this return .
 My 3yr old LOVED this ! He laughed so hard whenever it blew it 's top . Then , after the first day , it stopped working . Thinking it was a fluke , I had my dad buy it when we visited . It blew it 's top 3-4 times before the canister inside that store up the water ruptured . So as fun as it was , we had two in a row work for just one day of play .
 This toy is great fun but it is n't very durable . Ours broke after about an hour . There was a loud pop and then it stopped erupting . I guess the plastic bladder must have given out . The kids were terribly disappointed .
 I got this in the summer for our Summer splash wetdown party for all teh neighborhood kids . It worked for a good 10 minutes and then it just stopped working . THe blast is very predictable but every so often it woudl malfunction and lose pressure to blast out water and it woudl simmply just run over instead of blasting . My husband took it apart to fix it and found that once it stops blasting it overflows on the inside causing a loss in pressure and a `` spill over '' in the water So bascially it broke
 This was a huge disappointment ! The eruption never took place , and while the children stood around waiting the spray coming out of the sides was comparable to a pinhole in a waterhose ! An incredible waste of money - we got more enjoyment out of the sprinkler system installed to water our lawn !
 It never worked.We belevied it was used so heres the most hardest thing ever.Were getting a new one ! = -RRB-
 Despite reading bad reviews , I took a chance and purchased this item . I got the first one , hooked it up and it quit working within two hours . Ordered a second , it quits working within the hour . I should have known better as others have posted the same experience . Great concept , maybe they will get the actual product correct in the next year . Please do n't waste your time on this one now ...
 My 3-yr . old and I are very disappointed in this toy . While the jets get great height and provide a nice `` soak '' , she found the surprise element of waiting for the next eruption very discomforting . It was the surprise effect that attracted me to it in the first place , and I quickly discovered that the timing is predictable -LRB- every 5 seconds -RRB- ... making it easy for older kids to grow tired of it quickly . This toy may only be perfect for anyone 4-6 years old -- not exactly a large window for families using this with more than one child .
 It looks like bender but has very little bobble to it . The glue that holds the feet to the base gives way if it gets warm and fell apart . I can probably get some super glue and fix it myself rather then deal with mailing it back .
 had high hopes for this product but it DID NOT WORK , not once , not at all .
 This gun was really fun while it lasted . 3 days after I got it , the trigger valve broke and the gun stopped working . Do not buy this gun unless you want a gun that will break after 3 days of using it . Take it from me , an experienced water warrior
 This gun is the worst ! You could just put ice in a normalwater gun , instead of the `` ICE CORE '' . All this water gundoes is make them cold.I prefer more of the BLAST of water.Like for example the FLASH FLOOD super soaker.Capacity wise , I like this water gun.Over all I would notbuy this gun .
 You can pump this worthless toy all day and it has maybe a 15 ft range for at least a few seconds . This does not do anything it 's advertised to do . And the 30 ' range is total fantasy . I wasted $ 19 and it 's now in the trash where it belongs .
 This gun is one of the new guns from the 2005 soakertag elite line . This year Hasbro releases four new guns in theis line . Two were CPS , meaning Constant Pressure system , and two were air pressure . This gun was one of the air pressure , meaning it 's not as powerful as the two other guns in the CPS line . This guns only pro is that the water it shoots is cold , andyou can hardle consider that a pro . You can fill up any other gun with chilly water and shoot it too . The downsides to this gun are many . First of all the range , while most soakers reach over 35 feet , this one does n't even make 30 . Also the power is lack luster . The nozzle on this gun is tiny ! Lastly it is much too heavy , it does n't look heavy , but it is . It is quite hard to run around with . Instead of buying this gun , you should buy the Aquapack Devastator or the Flash Flood . They are much better and feature CPS tech .
 I bought this racket `` PRP900 Pro Speed 900 Professional Table Tennis Racket '' , but at the first hit against a TT ball I realized that it is far from the words that describe the racket in the ads at Amazon.com . This is a regular device for amateurs with 2-3 pieces of skills in Ping-Pong . I am disappointed in the money I spent on this . First time in my experience with Amazon.com . Thank you .
 The concept for this game is great for teaching kids word recognition . However , the game does not include ANY instructions as to how to play , leaving parents and kids guessing as to the rules . I would recommend the game if it came with instructions for play -LRB- like every other board game does -RRB- or even had instructions online that were easily found . I ca n't recommend it , though , because after searching for over half an hour , all I came up with were links to buy the game . I do n't want to buy it ; I just want instructions !!!
 This was a huge mistake , I bought 4 , for my grandchildren and one was broke when they opened it and the other 3 broke shortly afterwards . What a shame since they had ask for a pop gun and I got this mess .
 this toy would have been great if it had not broke just after a couple of shots , could not be fixed the rubbe inside was defective
 This is such a cheap imitation of a great toy . Unfortunately after one pop the gun broke . The wood is cheap and thin , the cork disintegrated after the first shot , and the string popped out . Luckily the price was n't too bad . However , considering it was a `` one shot deal '' it was costly.Definitely not worth the money .
 My son received this pop gun for his 6th birthday . He was so excited ! But the dowel broke within the first few pumps . A big let down .
 Inoperative right out of the package , The fit and finish is very poor thus , the O-ring that should make the cork pop was dislodged and it does n't work . Spend an extra $ 5 and get one that works from Cabella 's . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This gun is cheap . You can get it to pop if you pump it a couple times and only then does the cheap cork make a small pop . This is n't even dollar store quality .
 This pop gun was a lot smaller than I expected but I figured for the price , it was alright . We 've only owned it about 8 months but 2 months ago it quit working . I 'm not sure why but the cork does not POP out anymore like its supposed to . I know toys dont last forever , but I was pretty disappointed that it only worked for 6 months . The construction of it is very nice . Its all wooden and painted very well . Maybe we just a defective one ?
 Warning ! I thought I was getting the game illustrated on the Amazon website.The game that arrived is in Canadian currency -LRB- 08/01/12 -RRB- I am very upset as I opened the box and realized too late the box was labeled Canadian.There was no choice for ordering US vs CANADA ! Very poor result .
 It 's canadian money so it was confusing all around when you are trying to teach your child how to count American money .
 I went to open this box and found that I had received the Canadian version of this game ... with Canadian money . Nothing on the site says or shows that this will have Canadian money ... I will seek to get the American money version as I am most upset about this . I sure hope I wo n't have to pay to return the product so that I can get the correct version !!
 We got a defective item that had a hole for spinner attachment in the center of the money bag circle .
 This game contains Canadian vice American money . The product description says you will be shipped model LER5057 . Even the picture shows American money . But what you get instead is LSP5057-C . The really annoying part ? They use the box for model LER 5057 -LRB- including the instructions that pertain to the American version -RRB- and then slap a big purple sticker on the front that says , `` LSP5057-C Canadian Money Bags Game . '' How nice . It was , of course , easy to initiate a return through Amazon . You might want to verify which version you 're getting before placing your order .
 Im guessing this game would be great for my 1st grader , according to the other reviews . But we 're unable to play it correctly as we received the Canadian version and my 6 year old is already aware the money in the game looks very different from the money we 've been using to teach coins up to this point . Disappointed .
 This game would be wonderful I think ... except I was shipped the Canadian Money version . I returned that one and going to order again , hopefully I will get the American version . I planned on using this to help the developmentally disabled clients I support to learn basic money skills . It wo n't work well however if they do not recognize the money.I am hoping that Amazon picks up on the mass amount of returns for this item and contacts the company to let them know that they ca n't just substitute the Canadian Version ! I am tempted to buy the item from someone else and pay the shipping charges in attempt to get the one that I want .
 There is no mention in the title , that this game is with CANADIAN MONEY !!! Now I have to pay to ship it back !
 Bought the game for a Christmas gift and it came in Canadian money instead of US ! Come on , they were shipping to a US address could n't they figure it out ? The product does n't even say it may come with Canadian money ! So one would assume that it 's just like the photo with US .
 This is a HORRIBLE Supersoaker . The first day I tried it out , my `` Quick-Fill Cap '' -LRB- more like `` More-Leaks Cap ! -RRB- started leaking after just ONE pump . I had to throw it away because the box was thrown away when I got it for Easter . Super Soakers just keep breaking ! Now I dont have any water guns and I am extremely upset !! BUYERS BEWARE , buy this if you really want , but keep the box and reciept , cause you might end up having to take it back !!!!!!!
 The TRIPLE SHOT is a very small gun just like something my neighber has . But his is a small squirt gun this is a small super soaker . The TRIPLE SHOT has three different settings fat , skinny and small round . The best one is the fat one . The problem with this gun is that it doesnt hold alot of water and it squirts uncunt rolably sometines . Overal this little bugger isnt that bad . Only if your apponents dont have big guns . Like the FLASH FLOOD , ARCTIC SHOCK and AQUAPACK DEVASTATOR then you would be triple teamed and you 'd loose .
 This toy would be fun if it worked.The seals failed within thefirst 30 minutes of playing . We had one given as a giftand it took a couple of weeks to fail , but the ones fromAmazon were almost broken out of the box .
 This gun has weak range , shot capacity , and water capacity . Too weak to even be a side-arm . Dont bother with this one .
 This super soaker is probably the worst super soaker ever stupid hasbro why did you have to buy Larami rrrr !! well anyways I got this super soaker a couple days ago and just two days ago it broke I was playing with it ata lake and after I filled it up like the third time the pump stoped working . -LRB- peice of junk -RRB-
 Could somebody please tell me what has happened to Super Soakers . These `` Super Soakers '' are not the ones I played with not 5 years ago . What happened to the massive double tank , super high pressure , ultra high quality guns . What happened to the bigger is better idea ? -LRB- When it comes to squirt guns , bigger means room for more water and pressure which is definitely better ! -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this product and within a week it has broken . The pump no longer keeps the pressure . Of course I have already thrown away the packaging as well ... To bad I didnt read reviews from other sites that say not to pump it up to much . I would stay away from this product .
 This product had a bad leakage problem from day one . I notified Amazon that I wished to return it and was told to print off a label for the return which I did . Amazon chose to send the replacement item BEFORE the other one was returned . Now I get an EMail saying the inferior item was never received even though I mailed it back 2 days before receiving the replacement item . Amazon is threatening to rebill my credit card for the first inferior item if it is not received . I have instucted Amazon NOT to do this because I returned the item and rebilling my credit card would be unauthorized use of my credit card and that is illegal . Also I have been a very good customer of Amazon and if this happens , I will no longer purchase anything from Amazon . I can not help it if the inferior item was not received .
 Im not happy with the product . When I ordered it , i didnt know it was toy size until the order was complete . Then i realized i couldnt return it . Im am completely unhappy about this .
 I got this for my little girl on her second Christmas . She played with it Christmas day and once in her room . The balls are hard for her to put in the hole at the top . She just started placing them on the slide -LRB- not through the top -RRB- . She never used the panio keys and could not turn the wheel . Not much fun .
 and I could n't give this toy away quick enough !
 None of the features on this toy worked . I emailed VTech , they directed me to take out the batteries , move the on/off switch back and forth 40 times . After that , everything worked except the ferris wheel , it will not turn . I called the 800 number and they will fix it if I send them $ 14 -LRB- plus the shipping cost I have to pay to ship it to them -RRB- - not worth it . After searching this product online , seems like a lot of people have had the same issues . It was obviously poorly manufactured and I am not sinking any additional money into this toy . Very surprised that VTech would not stand behind this product .
 I made the mistake of not investigating the size of the truck . I was suprised that for 19.99 it was the size of a matchbox car . My son has only gently played with it , and small pieces continue to fall off of the truck . I would not recommend this for any age .
 My 13 year old son received this as a birthday gift . Judging from the description , we expected a fully assembled Lamborghini , not a cheap plastic form-of-a-car requiring much assembly and decoration . We also need to buy our own paint ! Please make it more obvious on you web site what a customer should expect . Obviously , we will bereturning the car and cast a wary eye on EHobby in the future .
 I bought this product from another dealer , and when it arrived it looked just like I expected . I charged the battery for the required 8 hours , hooked it up and ... NOTHING HAPPENED !!!! No lights , no movement , nothing!I returned it to the dealer -LRB- at MY expense -RRB- and voila ! 4 weeks later I got a replacement . Guess what ? It did n't work either , and the antenna for the controller was missing . They shipped me someone elses crappy refurbished product ! WTF ?!? Avoid this product from anyone , DO NOT BUY IT ! If there is a bright point , at least the guy in the first review was lucky , he did n't have to pay the return shippng !
 Ordered from this company and NEVER received the order . They claim is was delivered on a day I was home all day and refuse to resolve the issue . They do not respond to emails , calls etc. . Ordering from this company is worst than gambling . You have a 99 % chance of getting ripped off !
 I have a 7 year old and he wanted this so bad . The pull down handle is hard to get down and then to fire it you have to turn these two dials that you can actually look through like binoculars . Those dials are so hard to set where they need to be set to fire . Then the firing mechanism gets stuck repeatedly.Now for the winds . WHY OH WHY can they not make them attached . They keep falling off and was really frustrating my son . I finally superglued them on.The cock pit cover never stays secure and after repeatedly putting it back on it broke.Was it worth it NO . They guy that found it for $ 10 got a better deal than any.Would I buy it again . . NO.It is too heavy for a child to play with and `` fly '' around.It looks nice - but that is where it stops for us .
 My son was so excited to get this plane , and then totally disappointed with it - but it 's not really for playing with , even though it 's supposed to be a toy . It fell apart pretty much right away ...
 Boy , what a rip-off ! The dimensions of this toy are never listed . You would think for 20 bucks you would be getting something at least a foot long . It is the size of a matchbox truck ! I 'm returning it immediately !
 my son could not even play with these toys ... the capes would not stay on , and the light sabers just bend and fall off!If I did n't have to pay for shipping , I would just return this item !! NOT WORTH IT !
 Purchased this as a gift for my teenaged son who has experience flying toy planes . This is a piece of crap .
 OK , this is a great plane . It flies well and it is very aggressive , lots of power and lots of aerobatic potential . Apparently you should be able to do aerial battles with some X-port module . IIt has no bad habits once it is trimmed . HOWEVER , the plane has a fatal flaw -- just like the Phantom -- and that is the very very very very very poor construction of the boom.The thing is so brittle it will not take a hard landing , let along a crash . If Hobbyzone descides to modify the boom , which should be extremely easy to do , this plane will be the best thing in the market for intermediate flyers , well maybe not , but still great . As it is now , it is essentially useless because it can not do what a fast and aggressive plane should do
 This is not a replica car as pictured ! This is a plastic shell you have to paint and add the decal stickers enclosed . You also have to purchase separately the undercarriage and wheels . This plastic shell is approximately 22 inches long and 5 inches high . This was a huge upset when I first seen it , so this will definately be getting returned !
 I bought these clothes for a 14 '' doll and the clothes were much too large for a doll . The doll would have to be a very chubby doll the size of a stuffed bear before the clothes would fit . I recommend taking the word `` doll '' out of the title and description because it is misleading . Luckily my granddaughter had a bear and could still use the clothes .
 Broke day 1 out of the box leg snapped off Gonzo as soon as I took him out of the box ...
 After only a few days of playing with this toy , Cinderella fell apart . Then the prince fell apart . The mice , dog , and cat are nice and those are the only great part about it . The Fairy godmother has a creepy face and overall its just not a good product .
 When I was a kid back in the early '70s , I had the best toy in the universe
 I bought this for my son who is a big Mallard duck fan ... so the detail was important . It does not have the firmness nor the detail as shown in the picture . See the other customer pictures for an accurate view of what you will get . It may work fine for a small child that is not interested in details .
 I 've had several training kits . This one in particular is not the best one . The tubes are a little bir thin and weak . Try to get a training gear set that has thicker tubes . In that way your helicopter stands a couple of inches above the ground and ptrotects your landing skid .
 This is a very cheap product . broke as soon as helicopter was placed on it.would not reccomend to anyone interested in training gear .
 This training kit dis not come with any instructions . We had to look up instructions on several other websites before figuring out how to assemble it . The holes in the balls are too small for the metal rods to go through . We had to figure out all this before we figured out that it did not fit the model if rc helicopter we had purchased at the same time here on Amazon . Disappointed .
 Do not buy these for small helicopters . They are way to heavy , my landing gear continues to fly off as my Heli is in the air . I have finally decided to simply glue the gear to my frame -LRB- not fun when needing repairs -RRB- ...
 well when it did come all i got was a plastic bag with cheap parts in it nothing on how to install broke in the process of being installed didnt even get to use the thing dont buy this if you wish to use it more then once
 The center bracket -LRB- hub -RRB- is very weak and broke almost instantly . I see no reason that this bracket needs to be this weak . They designed it in a way that it would not stand up well to a hard landing . It 's TRAINING GEAR for crying out loud . Look for something else which has a stronger center bracket or two full length rods instead of 4 like this one .
 I bought this for my son because it showed up as an add on for the Double Horse Coaxial Helicopters ... it is NOT big enough to hold one of those up!This set is for micros only and totally useless to us.If you 're learning on a micro -LRB- why ? -RRB- ... this is pretty durable and should work well .
 I want to tell you that I received my product incomplete because only received four yellow ball and two barillas product so can not be used in my helicopter.regards
 The parts come with absolutely NO directions and it would take an MIT graduate to figure how they go together and fit onto the copter skids . it 's useless
 Makes no sense . No assembly instructions . I think some pieces are missing . Blasically 4 balls and 4 sticks and some small black plastic parts that do n't appear capable of attaching to the sticks or the skids . Wish I saved my money and used ping pong balls and bread ties
 First of all , due to the nature of this product , it is probably purchased by beginners to this hobby . with that in mind , there are no instructions to its use and installation . there were little instructions as to which model of helicopter this product would work with . there needs to be more help .
 Training gear arrived crushed , unprotected in a box with a heavy item . Training gear set had been opened previously and handled before being sent to me .
 Seems to work fine on helicopters with landing bars . In the case of the Apache , it has wheels and the assembly does not fit the helicopter . I bought the Training gear because the page recommended it , but the training gear is not compatible with the helicopter at all .
 This item would be helpfull in saving the little parts of my helicopter from damage if it were compatable with the helicopter I purchased . When I bought the training gear it did n't say anything about compatability or spesifications for usage so when the site sugested it I bought it . They DO NOT work on helicopters with wheels instead of landing skids .
 Training Gear Set
 Attempting to install this Training gear set on my RC helicopter was difficult . The center piece where the rods are connected under the helicopter is very cheap thin plastic . While attaching the rods the center piece broke . With such a thin plastic center mounting piece , the first hard landing would of caused it the break into pieces . The instructions were not very helpful or detailed .
 The order came but without the rods , all it had was the balls and clips , so I ordered from another vender , for the price it was not worth returning ...
 This is my first comment at Amazon.com , and this product is really bad . No instructions , terrible package , terrible quality and also not compatible with some helicopters . Read other comments before buying it . Not recommended .
 This training gear landing set is really designed for the light-weight helicopers only , not the bigger Sky King 36inch copter .
 Presumably , these are for novice fliers , yet there are NO instructions to show the novice how to attach them . Whatever the method is , it 's not intuitive . You would think the seller would read these comments and act accordingly , but nope , you 're on your own . I would not recommend them .
 The product does not have instructions so you have to guess how to install it .
 This stuff was awful ! I let my three and ten year olds `` play '' with it and we were all very disappointed . It does n't stick to itself , so molding it into any sort of shape is impossible . It 's really just like sand - crumbly and messy . After we made a huge mess and spent half an hour trying to get the moon sand off hands and faces , we threw it away and I got no complaints about that - even from the three y.o. Buy some Play Doh instead !
 This was the messiest toy I 've ever gotten for my grandchildren . It was horrible to sweep up and stained their hands . I even had them play with it outside . Cleaning the Moon Sand off the deck was the worst .
 When we got this I thought we would be able to get many uses out of this stuff , since it wont dry out like Play-doh . Well , it did n't dry out , but it did make a HUGE mess . There was no real way to clean it up . Finally I had to bust out the vacuum . So , I paid 23 bucks for sand , had it dumped on the floor , then I vacuumed it up . So not worth it . My kid did have a fun time with it for a short while . Then became quite bored because you ca n't really do anything with the stuff . It just does n't mold very well .
 I bought this 3-pack last night for my 4 year old , and could n't be more disappointed . The sand is just that ... sand . Messy sand . It wo n't mold , wo n't squish , wo n't ... anything , really . It 's colored . It has glitter . We took the top off a pizza box so that our son could mess around with it without getting this stuff everywhere , and he smartly added drops of water to it to see if he could get it to do something , but now it 's just glittery wet sand . Thankfully , he maintains that this water now represents water basins at his magical sand quarry . He 's also decided that a dump truck will be coming soon to take it all to the dump.I had n't planned to write a review , but was on the computer searching to see if there was something we needed to do to the sand to make it malleable , but seeing nothing to remedy this situation , I can rest satisfied that this product is simply worthless .
 It 's futile to make any comparisons of the ` modern ' Batmobiles w / the classics of yesteryear ; the last notable update , the 70 's corvette style , probably makes the most sense in both visual aesthetics and practicality , before the first Tim Burton movie & everything else afterwards gave us ridiculously huge , ` lego-like ' mini-tanks that looked dated before we learned to tell them apart from film to film , of which this particular one is a prime example - at least the Batmobiles from the 40 's through the 60 's resembled actual automotives of their respective eras.Nothing special about this one , except for how UNstylish it looks - a crime-fighter like Batman would n't logically drive something so unlike anything else on the road , where he 'd stand out like a sore thumb . The sad part is , this model is probably the least outrageous of all the others that have followed -LRB- c'mon , even the ` Batman Begins ' ride looks like a Humvee on steroids ! -RRB- I bought it for completion purposes and the low price - I 'd never shell out the bucks for a larger scale of THIS Batmobile when I could get another '66 model !
 Really , these spoons make a faint tapping sound . I could make more percussive noise just snapping my fingers . Better to use two spoons , the old-fashioned way .
 Do n't bother if you wants these spoons to actually play music . They are n't balanced correctly and do n't make the right sound .
 I am teaching all of my children to play something as part of their musical education . I let each kid choose what they want to learn to play . I was getting these for my 12yr old daughter who wanted to learn to play spoons . Bad idea . We ended up not using them because they are so bad . These things are VERY cheaply made . The metal is very thin & weak and bends way too easily . They also sound tinny , weak and pathetic . If you are looking for a kid 's toy , these might be fun for a toddler or something , but probably not.After seeing how bad these are , I searched Youtube for `` Spoons '' and found some great tutorials on how to use regular old kitchen spoons . Regular kitchen spoons are solidly made , sound great , are very easy to hold , easy to learn to play and cost nothing . If you do n't want to beat up your good stuff , go to the store and buy 2 spoons for $ 1 . The difference in sound is very noticable . These Trophy things sound horrible , are hard to play , and really are n't worth buying . We have found that playing real spoons is enjoyable for kids/adults of any age . Trying to play these is not fun at all , and can be downright frustrating trying to get them to work like real spoons , they just do n't compare.The point is , if you want to use these as a rhythm instrument , or for elementary education , and not just as a toy , do n't use these . Put in the extra 2minutes for a youtube search and see the difference real spoons make and then just use those .
 Delivered scuffed and dirty , the windshield is either very poorly structured or just did n't fit as it pushed right in and would not go back into place . Had lights in the back window that lit up , but basically did not do anything else . Was not what our son was looking for in an r/c car .
 Two of my cards appear to be a misprint . One with Ace with 2 of clubs face . The other 2 of Clubs with Ace of Diamond face . Strange ? Anyone else see this ?
 Length :
 The only reason I bought this -LRB- from Toys R US -RRB- was because I was making a Star Wars movie and needed a pretty accurate looking DV mask . I am a huge Star Wars fan so wanted to give it a shot anyway . Here 's what I liked and did n't like.Pros ; Very accurate looking - compared to those halloween costume masks , this is far better.Size - again , its proportional and adjusts easily to fit any head.Pretty durable - the plastic is somewhat hard and has a dull shine just like the real movieCons ; Voice changer - Voice changer ? Where ? - Seriously , all of the DV sound effects and lines from the movie are very audible and loud . But once you put on the voice changer mode , all you hear is your voice , and a little whisper of the `` darth vader voice . '' It was incredibly weak , no matter what I tried . I 'd say it consistently sounded like 90 % your voice , 10 % Darth Vader voice . Do n't buy this if you expect to have a great DV imitation using this voice changer . I ended up having the actor wearing it make his own voice.Construction -LRB- not appearance -RRB- - There was one thing that bothered me SOOO much about this toy . The helmet -LRB- top part -RRB- and mask separate . But once you take the two apart its impossible to get back on . As a result , it would fall off if you did n't do something about it . We ended up having to tape the two parts together . A large magnet to keep the helmet and mask together would have been a better design.Voice box - this was annoying . In our lightsaber sequences it kept swinging around . The actor described it as a weight . If only it could detach , that would be perfect.So while this helmet looks very cool , it just was n't worth it . I ended up returning it to Toys R Us after finishing the movie .
 i bought this because i was gon na use it for halloween , thinking that when you use the voice changer option , your voice would at least sound something like Darth Vader , howerver this was not the case . Your voice sounds nothing like Vader , but rather your own voice , with a barely audible `` Darth Vader '' echo ... very dissapointing , especially considering the price
 I wo n't add much to the very complete reviews on here . I will only add that my children were given this by Santa per their request . They are ages 4 & 5 . They are very big for their age . They love all things Star Wars . They were very excited to see it initially . They wore it 1x , for 2 minutes , took it off & refuse to put it back on . I was lucky to snap a picture quickly because they wo n't even put it on for pictures.The complaints I have heard `` It 's too heavy '' `` It 's too hot '' `` I ca n't see `` I also bought the Captain Rex = same complaints.Bottom line . While I guess an occasional child would enjoy this mask I do n't understand why . It is VERY big -LRB- too big & heavy for me as a small female -RRB- You ca n't see through the lenses . It 's very hot even with the small front vent . I was able to remove the dark eye shields easily with a screw driver , but it still makes my kids ball up in sweat in 2 minutes.I wish I had n't spent $ on these.It 's a great mask for adults . Very sturdy . Looks great . Just not for children .
 Got this for my 6 year old . Followed directions CAREFULLY . Once you remove thehelmet piece , it does n't ever go back on the same . Now the helmet slips and falls off . Even the folks at the toy store can not get it back together . Went to Toys R us , they have received multiple Voice Changers back for the same reason . It broke my son 's little heart-he had been `` saving '' for this product and even fashioned a cape , gloves and shoes to go with it.It was five stars fun until we had to adjust the size ! Avoid wasting your thirty bucks .
 The education value is that it hurts ! * wah ! * You dont sound like vader , but it is funny to hear if you have a high pitch voice !
 After wearing the helmet and taking it off twice it fell apartthe out side came off and would not stay on I had to get a piece ofplastic and glue it on the outside of the inter piece and inside of the helmet not well make at all for the price . would not recommend
 My son got this for his birthday . It does not fit comfortably on his head . The fun wears off in about 5 minutes . I do n't think it is worth the money ... maybe if it was half off .
 Sure this is good for looks , and the actual sayings fromt he movie , but I mess around with this at work all the time , and it really is a piece of crap . When you try to talk into it , it just sounds like a broken microphone ... it 's just staticy . .
 if you have a child that can break things vary easy , I do n't think you should buy this . if you do be careful when taking it out of the box.thank you
 I bought this Helmet not too long ago , and it was great looking in it 's box . It took a while to get it out , and had to adjust it to my head to try it out . The pre-recorded voice came out nicely . It is the voice changer that I had trouble with . The voice changer has three level button on it , and I tried all of 'em . None realy worked . I mean it , not a single one of them even came close . At times as I have read in other reviews I had to shout just to hear the outcome , which you could probably tell that it would have sounded bad . I tried to wisper my breathing and I got close to the original breathing voice of Vader . I am a big fan of Star Wars , but this is pretty disappointing .
 If you want a plain old Darth Vader mask , I think you can get one for much less than $ 240.00 . What 's cool about this product is that it reproduces pre-recorded Darth Vader breathing and certain phrases . What is n't cool is that its big draw is supposed to be that it will make your voice sound like Darth Vader 's when you put on the mask and speak through it in your normal voice , and it does n't -- what you get is your own voice , sounding as if it 's speaking in concert with a weird Darth Vader-esque one-person chorus . I see a lot of people saying that it works as long as you mimic James Earl Jones 's voice as much as possible , but that just raises the question of why you 'd pay $ 240 for this , since you 're really the one making you sound like Darth Vader.It does n't deliver , is what I 'm basically trying to say . And the mask does n't look all that fabulous , either , as the proportions are n't quite right . This should have just been a helmet and pre-recorded voice/breathing setup , and the price tag should have been about $ 150 - $ 200 lower than it is .
 This is a good mask and the breathing sound effect is cool too . However the voice changer is absolutley the worst I have ever encountered . Star Wars should be embarassed that they actually used the title `` Voice Changer '' because it does a super poor job of changing your voice . You do not sound like Vader at all . DO NOT BUY THIS MASK IF YOU EXPECT TO SOUND LIKE DARTH VADER . Buy this mask if you need the helmet and chest piece to complete your Vader costume .
 Like most big `` kids '' who saw the original Star Wars in the theatre , I looked forward to this mask . I already have a non-functional plastic Vader mask , but this seemed to go several steps further.Just a warning for other adults who might want to buy this for nostalgia 's sake
 this is the worst toy ive ever seen ! you can not hear the other voice , just your own . the quality is terrible . it just makes you sound like a robot i 'd give this a 0 . i thought hasbro could do a better job . i have nothing against toys r us . take this off the shelves
 i am 10 yrs old and this toy is terrible ! it didint make my voice sound like darth it made my voice sound stupid . dont buy this toy !
 I purchased this helmet for my three year old . Looked cool and secure . Within days the entire inside fell apart . All of the glued attachments came off and it no longer fit properly . For the price , it is a rip off and unsafe . I expected more from Schwinn . Buy something else this is poorly made . I have purchased a bell toddler helmet with safety as the priority , not looks .
 I had the same problem with this helmet . I bought this for my 3 year old and she wore it once for about 10 minutes and the inside sticky stuff came undone and would not stick anymore . I thought of buying some 2-way tape but as soon as you move the plastic piece that fits around the back of the head both pieces come undone .
 These deck boxes look quite impressive for the first two weeks you have them , then they fall apart.They are essentially made up of three main pieces then a base lining -LRB- made up of two smaller pieces -RRB- , the adhesive for EVERY one of the pieces in BOTH of the boxes I purchased fell apart . And this is with a low amount of use!This is not just my experience , it happened to my friend 's box as well , right in front of me!So be warned , if you purchase one of these boxes , you should also purchase some super-glue , and some patience .
 Boy I guess it sure does pay to read between the lines print . . The way the item read I thought I was getting all 8 that are in the picture . NOT JUST THREE !! Especially for the PRICE $ $ $ $ $ $ WOW . . You sure did TEACH Me ... Do n't expect any repeat business here ... M. Ford
 The doll is adorable right ? Well , too bad , you ca n't have her . They do n't make her anymore and if you buy her you will get the regular baby Stella with the pink and lime green outfit with the flower on it and no headband . Yes , the same one you could get for $ 18 cheaper had you just ordered it in the first place . So if you want the Baby Stella doll , get the cheaper one and it is worth it . Cute doll , very well made , would get alot of love from a little child . Just do n't order this one like I did and get ripped off . -LRB- Yes , I contacted the company and they refunded some of my money , but they could n't refund all that shipping I paid -RRB- . They said they were removing this link so others would n't end up in the same boat I did , but so far , they have n't so beware .
 I was a little disappointed in the quality of this clock for the price . I am having to return it to the seller , because the alarm does not work .
 I purchased this for 9 year old nephew for Christmas . He opened on xmas day and wanted to play with it . To my suprise , the boax lacked anything about the contents . A co-worker 's child received it for the holiday and the child loved . I do recall that child following some sort of manual to do projects with it . Disappointment Christmas present .
 This looks like it would be a great toy/experiment/learning tool except for the fact that it only came with a few pieces . The package it was delivered in was a little beat up but looked sealed . When we opened it , the box was not sealed and had a rubber band holding the lid on . We received this as a gift for one of my children . The purchaser felt badly and contacted the seller . The seller blamed the missing parts on the shipper and we have not heard back from them yet about a refund or a replacement kit . If you purchase this product , do n't buy it from `` Sold by Renaissance Buttons Inc. -LRB- thenextpagebooks -RRB- ''
 I REALLY wanted this to be a good product . The concept is fantastic . The parts are all very manageable by my 4 year old . Unfortunately three of the key parts do n't work DOA . That is about half of the important components . A large number of projects can not be performed without these pieces . Quite disappointed.I have n't contacted the vendor yet , but I 'm hoping that they will replace the parts .
 There was a problem with the motor . The motor circuit was opening depending on the rotor position . It would spin and then stopped . Great idea and very well intentioned ; but it failed to function as planned . Got a refund . Fortunately , Santa had many more presents .
 My 7 year old son loves snap circuits . He finds it relatively easy to put the projects together . He has experience building legos and there are lots of comparisons between the two toys.The guides and diagrams are clearly presented . There was minimal confusion finding parts as the color and name of the snap circuit in the guide book do n't always match what is on the actual part word for word.I do n't think snap circuits , jr. is educational on its own . When asked if he learned anything about electricity , my son replied `` no . '' The guide tells you what to do but not why and how it works . That is up to parents to explain to their children.If you want your child to really learn about electricity and electronics there are some basics you can teach them while doing the projects together . For example , you can explain to them that in order to create electricity you need a power source and a resistor . If you have your power source connected to more than one resistor , the power will decrease . You can demonstrate this to your children . Battery power that does not go to a resistor is a short circuit . You can easily demonstrate this to your children while doing the projects . Encourage your children to swap parts and see what takes place . This should help them create a better understanding of how things work electrically.I wrote an in-depth review of snap circuits and included a glossary of terms that I thought would be useful to parents . Also included are suggestions for how to get the most out of this educational toy.You can read this review by visiting -LSB- ... -RSB- , an educational website that aims to engage young minds in active learning . On the home page you will see the snap circuits review.Jennifer Krauss -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 From the Amazon review this looks like a great toy , so I went to a local store to confirm that it would be suitable for our son . The box contains the following warning
 This toy is too fragile . I had three shipped to me . The first two were damaged during shipping . The third made it to me in one piece . Seller was very helpful but product is no good .
 The remote control broke within days of arrival and even when it did work it was difficult to manage . Overall , the quality of the item is pretty low .
 Was a stocking stuffer gift so not a big deal . But I was highly disappointed that the company who shipped this sent a mangled package that they used scotch tape to try to fix .
 First of all the advertisment specifically said , two bobble barbies , 1 spongebob and 1 patrick ! When my order arrived there was only the Spongebob Barbie ! Amazon was great though because when I contacted them I was advised it was a third party sale and they could not control the merchandise , however Amazon refunded my money which was great ! Unfortunatly the Barbie doll was broken in the box but oh well I was n't out any money ! Shame on the seller of these faulsley advertising items , Thank you Amazon for all of your help !!
 I also only received one doll instead of two as it is clearly advertised ! I have n't opened the package yet as it is supposed to be a birthday present . If I had known that you I was only going to receive one doll then I would n't have spent that much money on it . I will be trying to get my money back tomorrow .
 I bought this for my 15 year old son 's birthday . Within 10 minutes he had crashed the helicopter and broken it .
 My kids want to like this set , it 's nearly a full kitchen . The thing is , the movable parts are difficult to move . The oven door needs to be pried open and you need to jam your finger down to get the plate settings to move . `` Mommy , open it ! '' is what I end up hearing every 30 seconds or so when my kids play with the set . Also , you ca n't take the lid off the pot . I realize this might exclude the product from children so young they may eat the lid , but even if it hinged open to reveal SOMETHING in it , it would have been nice . My kids try to take the lid off and I need to re-explain that it just does n't open . Not a great toy . If your child loves Dora , I suggest getting the Dora figures with a different dollhouse set .
 Cute tambourine . Pleasant sound . But my 9 month old banged it with a wooden block -LRB- not sharp -RRB- and the top of the tambourine ripped . Considering it 's designed for kids and to take some banging , you would have thought it to be more durable .
 Pretty cheesily made . Better off with other tonka products . The rubber tracks on the one item come off too easily and are just the right size to fit over a 3 year old 's head like a collar . Not safe . They still have the toys , but the rubber tracks have been thrown in the trash . They have lots of other tonka stuff which have held up really well , but when your child comes running up to you with a rubber rope -LRB- track -RRB- around his neck , crying because he can not get the thing off , I quickily became unimpressed with this toy .
 My grandson loves the rocker ... it 's a sturdy little chair that should last for generations . Although there was an assembly issue , the company responded appropriately , and I was very pleased with the finished product !
 The attatchment for the spinning tail is so cheaply msde that it breaks with the slightest touch . I made the mistake of thinking it was me so I bought another one and had someone else try to attach the tail . The same thing happened ! The look on my son 's face was bad enough the first time , but twice ... . Ohhhh No .
 After 10 minutes of playing my 4 year old came to me crying that the Lizard Man 's tail was broken off . He droped him on the carpet . I bought Green Goblin at the sametime and his arm broke off in less time.I have bought more action figures than any one child should ever need but these two were the worst quality and workmanship!I would not recommend this product for any one planing to take it out of the packaging and play with !
 The larger drum pads produce a sound that can be heard over the smack the drum stick makes on the pad , but the smaller pads do n't produce a sound that can be heard over that impact . Because of this lack of sound production , it quickly lost its appeal .
 Rec 'd the item today . I have n't tried the make-up but the nose that came with it does n't fit . You have to push or squeeze the nose onto your nose . And even after that , it barely stays on the nose . I do n't have a big nose , either . Try another nose .
 My grandson kept his test tube alien alive for almost a year ! It died today and he is in tears ; literally grieving over it . I 'm sure that the fact that he has surgery scheduled for tomorrow for a broken nose exacerbates the grief . But , he is a very serious child and the alien dying would be a big deal to him regardless . And do n't buy one if you 're going to be flying airline :--RRB- You have to empty the water out of it before security and refill it on the other side of security and then have to try to keep it from spilling during your flight . It is not a fun toy anyway . I would not recommend it .
 THE IDEA WAS GOOD . IT IS NOT VERY FUN OR EDUCATIONAL . ALL YOU DO WITH THIS IS PUT WATER IN IT AND SIT IN THE DARK OR LIGHT . YOU CAN NOT MOVE IT AROUND . IT WAS VERY DISAPPOINTING TO MY DAUGHTER AND MYSELF .
 There IS a 1:18 scale Ecto 1 available , but THIS IS NOT IT ! It retails for about $ 40.00 , so do n't buy this expecting a larger 1:18 scale vehicle ... you will be dissapointed . Darn shame these vendors ca n't get the details straight and do their homework . There ARE two versions of this vehicle available and to advertise this one as being the 1:18 scale version is misleading , if not downright false . You will not get the larger 1:18 th scale version for this amount of money .
 Holy smokes do these suck . After three days use they have bent from my thumb holding the backside . Please do yourself a favor and DO NOT buy these , if they are given to you use them for fire wood .
 Seemed to be a good buy but after a week of play one of the paddles haddle has broken and the other on is about to break . Not very strong construction .
 This is not the same as when i grew up with , the plastic on this is so cheap it pissed me off to have purchased this for my 3 year old , the reels get stuck inside , they also dont turn i wish to return this product but dont have the time so its just sitting there , im so done with cheap toys !
 should be in the dollar store . It is so light and only a thin piece of plastic over viewing area . Wish I could find an old black one like they used to make . Thanks China .
 I got this for my students , but this is by no means the nice , heavy plastic one like I had as a child . It 's very light weight , flimsy , you can see the inner workings of it when you look inside at the pictures , and the reels themselves are cheap and flimsy . What a disappointment !
 I think the older version is much better , and it will be worth money in the future than this version . Once again an older toy changed when it does n't need to be . Not trying to get people going on here but in my opinion this version is ugly . My daughter enjoys the older version toys , and once the new ones came out she was no longer interested . We kept the playsets that came out in 2003 because she liked them so much , and she still plays with them at ten years old . So I decided to give this version a general rating of what I think about it , but I 'm sure that in the end a durable toy is better than one that breaks easily .
 My little brother , TOMMY got this for his second birthday , but the dumb company that made Elmo messed his name up and made him say `` Tammy ! '' We got another Elmo , but he keeps thinking my brother 's a darn girl !!! SOMEONE GIVE THAT MONSTER A BRAIN !!!!!!!!!!
 Se me ocurrio regalarlo para este dia de san valentin , y lo pedi con muuucho tiempo de anticipacion , ... tardaron exactamente 20 dias apartir de la fecha de envio para que me llegara , . . eso sin contar los dias en que procesaron mi pedido , ... es un excelente regalo y original , . . pero el servicio de envio es pesimo , pensaba seguir pidiendo articulos de personalizedbyurs.com pero mejor buscare otra opcion.Pidelo bajo tu propio riesgo .
 This item was not the item advertised in the picture . This particular toy had a major mechanical problem -LRB- steering did not work -RRB- . Toy would have been totally enjoyed if item was that which the picture depicted and the vehicle operation perform as it should . The return policy made it difficult to return and more expensive on my end . Truly dissatisfied with this particular product .
 What a piece if garbage . The thing arrived with an important piece of plastic broken , which I tried to fix with Krazy Glue but did n't work . That aside , the antenna on the remote broke within hours of use , and the door to the battery compartment was a pain to remove . It was even difficult to get the batteries into the thing . In the short time we did get to fly it the removeable cockpit part kept popping off . Even if it came intact I would n't bet on this thing lasting more than a few flights before breaking . Do n't waste your money , and I only hope I can get mine back .
 This looked great on the box ... until I opened it and saw the hundreds of pieces . It took me about half an hour to build correctly . There 's no way my son -LRB- 5 years -RRB- could 've done this . I doubt whether many kids within the recommended age range of 4-10 year could assembly it by themselves . Once it has been put together , it is impressive . However , the pieces do n't lock together really securely so it soon falls apart with play . As the pieces fall off , I have to constantly put the thing back together . If I do n't , the kids get bored with it . I 've no doubt that some of the many pieces will soon get lost as they fall off and it 'll be put in the toy graveyard with all of last Christmas 's bad choices . I gave a 3 for durability because most of the pieces are fairly unbreakable -LRB- unlike PlayMobil -RRB- even though the assembled toy falls apart easily .
 This item is horrible . It falls apart constantly . We tried hot gluing and superglue , however , NOTHING works . Even our 4-1/2 YR son has told us to throw this out he is so frustrated.Part of appeal was you can take Imaginext items & reconfigure them , great concept . However , no matter how you configure them , they ALL fall apart.During assembly notice they do not `` click '' as you would expect . Pieces never lock together , even with the bottom `` base '' pieces.We resorted to putting all the Imaginext on a table for him to play , however , flat surface , bumpy surface , any surface , it falls apart.PLEASE do not waste your money as we have . Unfortunately we spent approximately $ 150 on various Imaginext last Christmas . Do not make the same mistake we did . When a 4-1/2 YR wants you to throw out his toys , somethings wrong !
 My four year old picked this toy out with a gift certificate given to him by his grandmother . He already had pirate sets made by Playmobil , but this looked like an interesting addition to the sets . Well , set up took nearly an hour for his very mechanically able father , and almost as soon as he began to play with it , pieces fell apart . NOTE
 I would very much like to know where I can buy this so I could give a review . It is shown on the box of the ship but I can not find it anywhere . Please advise me.Thank you
 My son is 3 years old , can put together and take apart the most difficult of vacuums but ca n't get this bubble beater to work . I have to do it for him , and even then it does n't do a great job . Save your money !
 I bought this toy for my two year old , not realizing it is not designed for lefties . The handle is hard for me to turn and would be difficult for any child . This toy is not what I thought it would be .
 1 . Does n't make bubbles .2 . Gear stripped without much effort .3 . You can make tons of bubbles for free with an empty baby powder container .
 Just not worth it . I made an incorrect assumption that the soap would slowly come out as handle was turned . Any soap you pour in immediately comes right back out . Better off just using good old plastic cups and spoons .
 This is a piece of junk . I was very excited to try this with my daughter , but it does n't make bubbles at all . It was a complete waste of money .
 Cheese lid came off and plastic sprinkles went everywhere dangerous for small children and babies . If u throw out toppings kids enjoy
 Do not buy this toy pizza , it is ABSOLUTE JUNK ! Most of the toy pizzas I 've seen from my friends kids are made of rubber and are bigger , this one is junky plastic and small ! -LRB- unfortunately there was not a description for this one when I purchased it at Amazon and I chanced it , what a mistake -RRB- The velcro is so strong that when you cut the pizza the pieces stick right back together -LRB- very frustrating for my girls -RRB- . Therefore ... it makes the serving knife useless because you ca n't even get the pizza apart with the pizza cutter , AND the cutter broke the first day my girls used it . -LSB- ... -RSB- Their toy birthday cake that I bought from them is even worse than the pizza ! -LSB- ... -RSB- I honestly feel the two toys that I purchased from him are the lowest quality I 've ever purchased for my kids !!
 Bought mine from GoHastings through Amazon website . When arrived the box was all torn up and taped . Inside , there was a piece missing that holds the lightsaber to the storage holder . If this happens to you , easy fix , just cut a piece of the cardboard box , take the transparent plastic holder piece and draw a template on the cardboard . Then cut it out and it should fit into the other slot holder that is missing . This is assuming that we 're supposed to get 2 of those plastice holders . If not , then shame on Master Replicas.The lightsaber had many scratch marks on the blade . Looks like it went through a few battles . Beware when they sell `` New '' . It is n't New .
 Bought this for my 3 year old . Probably would have been a good toy but the car that comes with the set could barely make the turns and had to be frequently encouraged to continue on its way . After about an hour it conked out completely . You could hear the engine running but no wheel movement . Even with this my daughter tried to continue playing with the set by pushing the car along the track but got frustrated because the track would keep coming apart . We finally tossed the whole thing in the garbage with the promise to buy something better .
 my daughter and niece both received these for Christmas - my daughter 's car wo n't stay running unless we duct tape doea and boots down and my nieces runs through batteries after about 1 hourthe kicker here is trying to find motorized cars without replacing the whole set - GOOD LUCK
 Although this is a very cute toy it is extremely small . It is not at all the way that it is portrayed in the images . I do not recommend this if you are wanting a toy that your child can hold and sleep with , this is more of a `` pocket baby '' .
 The 18 `` easel paper that I ordered as an extra because my son loves to draw alot will not even fit on the easel . I have tried and retried but the spool of cardboard in the middle will not allow it to go on . I ended up having to cut sheets to fit the easel and clip them on . The smart easel itself is very nice but the replacement paper does not work with the easel . I am afraid to order more for fear of the same problem or of being mislead as the others reviews suggest .
 I was mislead into believe that this Replacement Easel Paper Roll 18 '' would be a suitable replacement for my daughter 's `` Rose Art , Smart Easel '' . This paper does not fit on the arm that holds the easel paper . The whole in the middle it too small to fit . I had to cut each sheet so that my daughter can use the paper . I 'm not impressed with the false advertising . I sent a message to the manufacturer of the paper and to no one 's surprise I have not heard back from them.Look elsewhere and unless you want the extra work of pre-cutting each sheet do n't waste your money .
 Ordered two for my grandchildren and both Dolls broke in half the first day , Had to glue them back together . I had bought one a couple of years ago and it never broke .
 I bought this to use with a mini drill press . The clamp is too light weight and does not grip what I am working with . It is useless for my needs and I will return it - unless the shipping is more than the item cost !
 This same product is available at Target and Walmart for $ 9.98 . Why is it sold on Amazon for $ 40 ? These kinds of 3rd party sales are a waste of my search time .
 I purchased this item for my 2 grandchildren -LRB- a 4 yrs old sister and her 2 yr.Brother -RRB- . After removing the many wires that held the item to the packaging , I discovered that the 2 sails did not stay on the pirate until I drilled 2 small holes and re-wired them on . Do you realize how frustrated my grandchildren were by the poor design of the product ? Not only was the pirate ship expensive -LRB- $ 44.00 plus -RRB- but it was not easy to play with until I made changes . I would not recommend this product at all . A company that makes products for small children should be ashamed to put this item on the market.I have 16 grandchildren and will not be purchasing any more products from the manufacture Playtown from Learning Curve . Donna McDonough
 A set of wooden blocks is a great educational toy . I originally purchased Uncle Goose 's ABC block -LRB- basswood -RRB- but was disappointed with the amount of defects that could lead to slivering . It just felt cheap , too . So I looked for a harder wood material and bought the Montgomery Schoolhouse maple ABC blocks . Upon arrival , my initial inspection revealed another disappointment . For the price of a new set , I was expecting higher quality and attention to detail in workmanship . There were at least a dozen of them with dings on the edges and at least one block with peeled paint that made them appear used . The majority of the printed graphics were off center . Also , the manufacturer did not try to group the blocks based off of wood color to give a more uniform set . The only good thing is the set is made of hardwood maple . This set would last if not for the workmanship . The seller was willing to replace but I 'm keeping the set only because my toddler already started playing with them .
 If this could actually plug into your computer it might be OK -- but it 's practically useless to mount it over your keyboard.My 8 month old did think the little plastic doo-dad -LRB- not electronic at all -RRB- that mounts to your keyboard was colorful and she beat on it for a second but then she started to try to use the keyboard under it -LRB- the one Mommy and Daddy use ! -RRB- . One positive thing -- it works after you throw the colorful keyboard away -- just banging away on the regular keyboard -LRB- which my daughter loves to do -RRB- activates the fun graphics on the computer screen .
 Luego de abrir junto a mi hijo el paquete tan prometedor , me doy cuenta que no es compatible con el sistema OSX de Apple . La aplicaci&oacute;n que viene en el cdrom , es solo para WIndows . Era tan dif&iacute;cil migrar esa aplicaci&oacute;n a otra plataforma?Logr&eacute; instalar un Windows en una de mis Macs , pero me doy cuenta que ninguno de los teclados que tengo en mi casa sirven.Olvidarse de teclados modernos , ergon&oacute;micos . . laptops . . etc. . . Me vi obligado a comprar por 15 d&oacute;lares un teclado USB.Cuidado al decidir la compra .
 Do yourself a favor and RUN from this Dollhouse and ANYTHING else from Feenix . Any store that sells this product should be ASHAMED of themselves . This FIBERBOARD Doll House arrived in hundreds , yes hundreds , of broken pieces . It also arrived with a window for a front door that does n't open . After trying to get replacements parts for a month , I called Feenix directly to be told `` I would get called back '' it never happened . After REFUSING to hang up , I finally got a supervisor , Amy , who said she had to follow proceedure and write `` upstairs '' and wait for a reply to find out if the house is replacable and what happened to the door ? Then she said she would call me back with an answer the next day . Did n't happen , but what did happen -LRB- after 6 phone calls by me -RRB- was she said `` upstairs will not help you - they said call the internet company you purchased with '' . Well , that was `` Little Wonders '' who was given the same false photo and description -LRB- by the manufacturer Feenix -RRB- that all internet stores offering this product got . In the end no store could answer for the Fiberboard , Lack of a Front Door , or replacement parts . When I explained to Amy , `` upstairs '' is the only entity who can answer if there IS or IS NOT a door to this house , her reply was `` upstairs said we ca n't talk to you . You need to call Little Wonders '' Me
 I was grossly disappointed with the small size of this product and wish I had read others ' reviews before ordering . I am returning the bank because it is no where near the 16.1 inches it boasts in the description . I bought it for my 3 year nephew who surely will have more change than this can hold . It is beautiful and would be a nicer gift for a newborn . No doubt it is high quality and lovely to look while not being something easily broken . If they could just make a bigger version I would reorder it !
 The product details/description states that the train dimensions are 16.1 x however wide and however tall ... I was under the impression that I had purchased a much larger train than I had received . Very disappointing .
 Like many others , I was surprised at the size of this train . It is TINY . When an ad says 16.1 '' long , it should be somewhere close to that , not less than half . While the quality is good , it will hardly suffice as any type of bank . VERY disappointed ... My fault for not reading all of the reviews first ... . I gave it 1 star only due to the quality ...
 Careful , this toy is Spanish only . The description does not let you know , but the 2 different ones I have received have both been in Spanish . The packaging and toy sounds and singing are all Spanish .
 I just got mine today and it 's in Spanish too ! That would n't be a bad thing if we understood the language !! :-RRB- Other than that I think it would be a very cute toy .
 OK , the wings stay on like a loose tooth the first month , after a few 1000 wing attachment tries - these wings flop everywhere . I used to like this toy because it looks cool , but my 5 yo son is always fixing it , I get depressed just watching him waste his life fixing another garbage Hasbro Star Wars toy - and do n't give me that line `` Well the wings are designed to break away ... `` Kids toys should be made to take a beating . Period . I do n't like the pc belief that these toys are actually designed to break - I mean , is a kid going to be killed if they screw on the wings ??? Most likely 99 % of them would enjoy this toy more.I hate the fact that fans let Hasbro get away with murder by dishing out Star Wars toys that fall apart . Thank God Hasbro is n't in the parachute business ... but Star Wars fans would probably still buy them while plummeting to their death ... Lego at least gets Star Wars right .
 My son received this toy for a birthday gift today . So far he has managed to play with it for less than 2 minutes before the wings promptly fell off . So far he received alot of Hasbro Star Wars toys -LRB- transformers and action figures -RRB- and they have all been complete junk . None of them have held together for more than a few hours . What a complete waste of money . I would completely steer clear of all Hasbro Star Wars toys . We have had a horrible experience with each one . I have contacted Hasbro customer service and received the run-around . Do n't waste your money !
 This ball is too small . It would just collapse as our avg . sze 5 year old tried to climb into it . Pretty much useless .
 We just purchased this toy today and were very disappointed . Although it looks cute from the packaging , it is actually extremely flimsy . The swing that comes with the set is unusable ; when you try to swing it back and forth , it knocks over the entire set-up . As for the teeter-tauter , you can put the kitty and the puppy in it , but you ca n't make it go up and down without the animals falling out ! Total waste of money . DO NOT BUY IT - EVEN ON SALE !
 These jaws are not very nice , the pad is soft , but almost came off the metal when I squeezed it hard , and the magnet does n't always keep them in the vise . Not a good item , I would not buy again .
 I like a ring-stacking toy to assist in the development of eye-hand coordination of my little one . I chose to purchase this musical version since my son seems to love hearing songs and tunes . However , because of the design , the only sounds that my son hears are of those similar to those produced by a slot machine when the handle is pulled . My husband and I frequently comment how we are reminded of a casino when our son is playing with this toy . If we want him to hear the tunes , we have to push the correct button for him.Therefore , I wish I would have just bought the classic ring stacking toy , and used the savings to purchase an additional album with music for my son to listen to .
 It was fun while it lasted . It has tiny light bulbs that are not child resistant . The second time my son dropped it , they all broke .
 We really love the toy but I am very disappointed that we bought a new toy , paid full price and it came to us clearly used ... . the package was taped back together and there are scratches on it ... i should have just went to the store and bought it . .
 I bought this toy for my granddaughter and she loved it while it was still in the box . The first time I took it out of the box and she heard the music , she cried -LRB- age 6 months -RRB- . I thought it was a fluke so I put the toy away . I gave it to her a month later and the same thing happened . I also tried it last week -LRB- she 's 8 months old today -RRB- and she still cried . I can not explain this because she has several other Fisher-Price musical toys that she loves . Maybe , some day , she 'll enjoy it.Edit
 This toy makes no sense . As a ring stacker , why all the bells and whistles . Also the yellow star on the top ? What 's up with that ? All is needed are the rings and the stacking poll . The yellow star does not even stay on , and keeps falling off the top of the stacking poll . Shame on you Fisher-Price ! The person in your company that came up with this idea should be demoted to cleaning the bathrooms .
 My son especially liked playing the tunes by pushing the top button on the stacker , and I liked the toy too -- until it suddenly died . He had n't been rough with it or anything , and we tried changing the batteries and everything , to no avail .
 I was excited to get this for my little boy cause he LOVES lights and music . My husband wanted to get the plain jane stacker like what we had when we were kids but I had to get this one . I wish I would have listened to him . This is great to catch my sons attention however it doesnt serve its purpose . The rings are hard to get on and off because there is a button on the side when you put the rings on make it lightup . I have a hard time putting them on sometimes so you can imagin how diffucult it is for my 8month old . If I hadnt destroyed the box when I opened this toy it would have went back .
 This toy looks great and seems like a new twist on an old classic . However , its functionality is severely diminished by the fact that the little button at the top that triggers the music makes it extremely difficult for an infant to stack . It 's a big problem with this toy , especially when you consider that the thing is billed as a `` stacker '' but does n't function well at all in that regard . My 10-month-old can pull the rings off until it gets to the button , where it gets stuck . Same principle for putting them back on , they get stuck at the very top . I now realize we would have been better off getting the old school stacker , since it actually allows a child to stack .
 I bought this toy for my daughter 's # 1 b-day . I got it cuz the reviews were so good on it . My daughter just does n't like this toy though . She has no interest in it whatsoever - and she is n't a hard baby to please , she likes a lot of things . Just not this .
 My baby does n't pay much attention to this toy no matter what sounds or lights are going off on it .
 This toy is very loud and overly stimulating . When we bring it out my daughter initially sits and stares at it , then quickly goes from staring to crying , and to down right scared . This might be fine for a baby who has siblings , or who is used to a busy home . In my house , this toy does not fit in . My daughters doctor likes to call this toy the `` seizure toy . '' With all of the lights , and sounds you are going to quickly find out if you can cause your baby to have seizures . This comment coming from a cranial surgeon made me think twice about letting my daughter play with it .
 My little one is terrified of this ! Every time I try to show it to her , she pokes her lip out and gets upset . ??? I tried at 4 mo , and 61/2 mo. . . not a winner in our home .
 I was very excited to receive this toy because it looks like so much fun on the picture . However , I was very disappointed with the quality of the product . I would recommend spending your money on something else . Honestly , I rate almost everything a five star because others on amazon have made great recommendations but this product did n't work out .
 When you stack a star , it has to go past a button at the very top which makes the tower light up signifying to the baby that they did something right . Not such a bad idea . EXCEPT that the child ca n't just put the star over the top and let it slide down the rest of the way . The button is too stiff . The child has to get the star on the tower , and then PUSH it past the button , which is very difficult for a 1 year old to do ! Despite the fact that we got this at the recommended age of 6 months old , and he loved the lights when we got it , and he quickly figured out that all he had to do to make it light up was push the little button with his fingure , never mind those annoying stars ! So now he is 1.5 years old and it is dead because for the last year he has just pushed the button over and over and over and over with his finger . And its not that he 's not smart enough to stack , we have since bought other stackers with which he has no problem , but he has no motivation to stack with this one because the button is annoying to slide past and the ` rewarding lights and sounds ' are easily received by pushing the button with your finger . Fun idea , waste of money .
 We bought this toy two month ago and it 's not working now . It looks fine but there is no more music and lights ... We changed new batteries and tried everything we could ... We are very disappointed about the quality and durability of this toy .
 What I love about the original stacker is that the child has to put the rings on in the correct order for them to properly fit . With this electronic one , it does n't matter which ring goes on first - the rings slide all the way to the bottom lights and music will go off . I was looking for a toy that would help teach my child about size/proportion and problem solving . This version quickly went into the get rid of pile and I bought the original stacker , which my son loves !
 My daughter almost 1 enjoyed this toy , but it stopped working and it was not rough handled . I like the concept , but it simply is not well made . The lights and sound no longer work and my return window is closed .
 The rings get caught on the button that triggers the lights and music , making it too difficult to take them off and put them back on again by my little guy while he 's learning how to do it . He just gets frustrated and becomes uniterested.We tried the classic rocker stacker and it was so easy to slide the rings on and off and he seems to really like it . He loves stacker cups too!If you already have toys that have music and lights , skip purchasing this particular product and go ` old school style ' with it . Save the music/light stimulation for the toys that really need it .
 My 11 month old loved it . But it is the first sound making toy of the about thirty we own that stopped working . And we only just got it a month a half ago and the return window is closed . Not happy .
 I got this toy because of all the good reviews ... and you 'd * think * that this was something a baby would like . And I suppose plenty of babies do , but my son really could n't care less . He likes looking at the lights sometimes and maybe chews on the rings some , but he would n't even notice if this toy was gone . He 's just not really into it and has n't been very interested in pulling the rings off or putting them on . And there 's not much more one can do with this toy ... so kind of a waste of money for us . But I 'm sure other babies think it 's awesome , so maybe just a matter of preference !?
 There is no OFF switch and no volume adjustment ... need I say more ? It 's an okay toy - neither my 11 month-old daughter nor I has ever found it to be very impressive , and the fact that it has no off switch nearly caused me to return it immediately upon receiving it . I kind of wish I had . It lights up and plays a loud song every time you touch it ; how can there be no way to turn it down or off ?! I 'd like it if she could play with it sometimes without all the noise and overstimulation .
 I reluctantly bought this toy -LSB- ... -RSB- . I should have known better -- it 's Fisher-Price ! A couple of problems :1 . It gives off a strong plasticky smell , even now , weeks after it was taken out of the box . It may be a `` safe '' kind of plastic -LRB- although after Fisher-Price 's notorious 2007 recall I no longer trust them when they say their stuff is safe -RRB- , but I still do n't want my 9 month old mouthing it .2 . Any stacking purpose of this toy is completely overshadowed by all the lights and sounds . This thing lights up like a Christmas tree ! No kid is going to want to stack it ; they 'll just want to stare at it.This toy does not develop imagination or any kind of motor skills ; this toy is designed for future TV viewers unable to concentrate on anything for longer than 5 minutes . If you want a classic stacking toy , buy one from Educo or similar .
 Was very excited to buy this toy for my 7 month old baby . She was very attracted towards it and loved when she saw lights and sounds . But just after 2 use , the sound stopped playing . This toy was handled very gently so there should be no reason why this does not work , expect that its manufacturing quality is poor.Would not recommend it
 Still trying to get use to . i must be wearing it worng , because it 's very difficult to grasp my club correctly . Did n't provide any instruction with purchase .
 Everything with the product was great . But I did n't receive everything that was in the product description . The video tape was not received , even though it said it was included in the purchase .
 One of our foursome bought this thing and we all tried it over the next 3 weeks before it was returned . Greg 's secret is he just picked your pocket for 28 bucks . It will hold your wrist back for a proper lag but it is uncomfortable and does n't feel natural . And because of those two reasons you wo n't get mussel memory to hold that lag on your down stoke . The mind is n't going to repeat a certain wrist angle when it associates it with pain . A much better tool is a Smash Bag , 5 or 6 different companies make them and it is a true training tool . You will get much better on squaring up at impact and learning to delay your release to get that distance creating lag . I think Greg would be better off putting his name on a poster for restaurants on how to do the Heimlich maneuver , after all he is the King of Chokers , and thats no secret .
 We love Geo trax ! However , since nothing holds the conveyer section to the main part , it slips around constantly , causing much frustration for a three year old . Pass on this and get one of the better sets .
 This is a yoyo I got to practice with my son who has Maverick.Pros : - Looks good and works nice out of box - Has metal parts around the bearings and the axle , so it should not fall apart easilyCons : - It is plastic on the outside , so if you hit the concrete or tiles it chips easily , possibly could break - After two days developed noise . My guess is due to bad bearings , lubrication did not help - It does not come with 5 extra strings , only 1 extra string -LRB- false advertising -RRB- - It does not come with spacers -LRB- false advertising -RRB- Conclusion : My son 's Maverick works like a charm and it is full metal yoyo . So , do n't think twice - spend extra couple bucks for the real thing .
 This toy is not durable at all and is not fun at all because the 1st day it broke so i wouldnt recommend it it stinks
 Cribbage is a fun game and this would have been a lovely gift but the quality of the product was really poor . The wood was n't finished and is a much lighter color than the advertised photo . There 's no clasp to keep the case closed when traveling . The folding cribbage board is much larger than expected . The dimensions ought to be included in its description . In general , it was a big disappointment .
 I ordered this for my son , who is young -LRB- 7 -RRB- but loves these kinds of things . Knowing he would need the assembly instructions I was happy to know they were included . He actually got it apart on his own !! But the problem now is there is a misprint on the assembly guide . Steps 9 and 10 are missing and 13 is printed twice . I hoped to find an online guide but I ca n't find one . I hope someone uploads one soon . Until then , I 'm disappointed .
 Purchased this for my brother for Christmas . I figured that after reading the reviews and the description that it would provide at least a few hours of challenging puzzle time . Unfortunately , my brother had it apart in ten minutes.I 'm sure others may find it more difficult -LRB- or perhaps even less ! -RRB- , but in my case it was not what I had hoped for .
 This is a fun puzzle , but buyer beware , it is VERY difficult ! If you get frustrated easily you might want to try a different puzzle.I have several problems with this puzzle . First , it is clear it was designed with children in mind because it is too small for adult hands . I am an average sized guy , not big , but not small either yet I had issues with trying to move some of the pieces because they were too small to grasp properly . I loaned this puzzle to my manager at work who is a very big guy with hands about three times the size of mine and he had even more issues than I did with the puzzle 's size . This puzzle is more suited to adults with small hands or children , but I ca n't understand why ThinkFun would design a puzzle this difficult and build it for a child 's hands.Second , I also had issues with having to ` force ' some of the pieces to get them to move . For example
 This timer is of no value to anyone who wants to keep track of time for more than 0.0 seconds . It is not durable , there is a rattle . All the buttons work on it except the Up and Down buttons . It will funtion as a timer but as you ca n't change the time so it goes off the instent you bush the blunger . I ca n't believe I spent money on this
 We purchased 4 of these for our high school chess club a few years back . While they were relatively easy to work and were functional , they feel flimsy and cheaply built . The neighboring middle school chess club bought some and they did not last the full school year . We have found another brand to be much more satisfactory at a lower price .
 great shipping . However , the color of the eyes were bright hot pink , contrary to what I can see through the monitor . : \
 I spent about 3 hours assembling this plane . The parts provided for engine harness were of poor quality . Also , tight fit between engine harness and fuselage not possible . The wings and tail constructed of flimsy foam . On remote controller , when I attempted to extend the antennae 1st time , top portion bent and broke . On 1st fly , plane crashed and fuselage cracked . I taped the fuselage and wing areas . On subsequent attempts to fly the plane , realized that the remote connection was not consistent . The engines were intermittent after the plane went beyond the immediate range of the antennae -LRB- about 1 FT -RRB- . Obviously , some improvements on this plane 's design and remote controller are in order .
 this plane is a complete piece of junk . i spent 30 bucks on one here in detroit michigan and felt ripped off . this product is the lowest of quality . this seller should be embarrased for asking such an outrageous amount for this garbage
 After purchasing this product , I flew it once and it crashed and snapped in half . The body of the plane is Styrofoam . It just seemed really cheap and the description of the plane is misleading .
 I bought these action figures recently as a holiday present for a loved one . When I opened the box -LRB- they are all wrapped individually -RRB- I was really , really disappointed . The picture representation of the figures do not accurately depict how the figures were made . Harry looks the worst , with his glasses horribly produced and stuck to his face in an awkward way.I 'm hesitant to even give this figure set as a gift considering how awful they look !
 First I want to start with the fact that I love DJECO products but this is not one of them . When I saw this game online , I read what it was about and since my 2.5 year old LOVES stacking things , I thought this could be an excellent toy for him , something different than boxes . I really did n't want to pay the $ 30 + price tag , but I did and now I regret it big time . The packing of the box is unnecessarily huge . All of these pieces could have fit in a smaller container . Next , I opened it and saw 6 `` dolls '' and 6 tiny rectangular boxes . That is it . I understand that is the point of the game to stack them , but please ... being advertised as a 12 piece ... half of the pieces are the size of pebble . Complete disappointment . The pieces have a very cheap feel , very light , if one accidentally stepped on one it would be ruined and broke , it looks like they wrapped fun colorful paper on top of a lightweight card box . If one is crafty , one can make this toy . It is so simple , yet so overpriced . I feel like this game should not cost more than $ 8 . How is it that paper figures cost more than magnets or puzzles is beyond me . This toy is a joke . You ca n't play on a carpeted floor because the pieces wo n't stay , so you need a flat surface , either a table or hard wood floor . Save you money and go get 3 different toys instead of this piece .
 Product did not work - recipient was , if anything , over-qualified to assemble but it did n't work one second . What a bust !
 These stupid gloves ripped the second time i put them on my hands . I would only recommend then to someone who feels like wasting 30 bucks .
 I purchesed the jakks John Cena costume It was cheaply made , and I 'm letting you know it 's Not worth It , please do n't waste your money on this item . Shame on Jakks for making somthing so poorly . Michelle
 Was supposed to be delivered a week ago , never got notice from the seller . My daughter wanted Woody for Christmas and now I ca n't find one and I ca n't cancel the order . Very disappointed . Will not use seller again .
 Pump was broken when received . Rocket tip broke off on 2nd launch . Most is made of foam . The base ca n't stand straight because the air hose is not outweighed by the base . Poorly designed junk .
 ... but the pump broke after we launched the third rocket . The rockets do launch very well and get great height , however there are a couple of things I wish I had known before I bought this . First , there is a small plasticky wafer that you must use to launch each rocket . One new wafer is needed for each launch , so you eventually will need refills . Second , the pump -LRB- before it broke -RRB- is so small that it takes quite a bit of effort to launch the rocket . If you are going to buy this , look for the model without the pump and opt for a larger bike pump .
 Very disappointing . My grandaughter loves toys that make the `` crinkle '' sound . Despite the title , this does not , nor was it manufactured to do so . Rather , the `` Crinkle '' apparently is the name of the company that makes the toy . It was not remotely worth the $ 5 or $ 6 price , which came to over $ 11 with shipping . The baby is not interested in it at all . Plus , the orange ears that you see in the picture had to be cut off . I did not feel they were secured well and was afraid the baby would swallow them . I would have returned the toy , except the return expense was more than the product cost . In your search for teethers , skip this one .
 Bought this for my mother for Christmas . It is horrible . The lines are so dark that they do n't cover with the paint . Also , the numbers , colors and paint do n't make any sense . Purple snow ????? Please be cautious with this product . VERY CHEAP ... but for $ 6.00 ... you get what you pay for I guess .
 We ordered this item over 4 months ago . Prompt delivery but it does n't even look like Stewie ...
 I ordered this puzzle for my son and I recieved a kelly the barbie puzzle . Obviously my son did not want this and Amazon puts no phone numbers anywhere to get a hold of them . So I am stuck with a barbie puzzle for my son . Very disappointed .
 I was very disappointed to discover that the White Octahedrons -LRB- 10 pieces -RRB- were very small . I own another set -LRB- Wedgits Starter Set -RRB- where this piece is much larger . The information on the Wedgits Web Site did not mention that there was more than one size . If I had known before I ordered this set , I would have purchased another Starter Set where I would have had 15 useable pieces compared to having only 20 useable pieces in the Deluxe set that I purchased . The 10 pieces are small enough to fit in a snack size plastic bag with room to spare to give you an idea how small they are .
 The shuffler we ordered does not feed properly . At first we thought it might be something we were doing wrong , but since there were no instructions included , we kept experimenting , reducing from two decks of cards to just one to shuffle . Sometimes that seemed to help , but sometimes not . We finally figured it is not working right . But we missed the cut-off date to return it by a couple of weeks . We would not think of selling a defective product . My uncle uses this kind of shuffler with good results . We are very disappointed and it looks like our only recourse is to return it for a part of the cost .
 I got either the this item or a very similar one at Walmart for 20 bucks . At either price the design is too fragile and not worth it . Dived okay - but was next to impossible to balance bouyancy and control - plus the deeper you went the bouyancy would change and just was more a pain after the first few minutes than it was worth ...
 The Sea Wolf is very cheasy because it has a very high price.Plus I do n't think it is fast diving.Don ' t buy this submarine.It is a piece of junk .
 First , the screen on this `` computer '' is tiny -LRB- and I mean small ! -RRB- , dark and difficult to see . There are a few games to play , which my daughter found difficult to figure out at first . The games are not very fun and simplistic . She played with this off and on for few weeks and it sits unused now . Defintely NOT worth the price .
 Looks ugly . Would n't waste my money on this piece of junk . Ugly junk .
 I buy the i-dog for my kid , I order a new one , but I got a used i-dog . the customer service change one for me , but it is still the same old one . I have to go back to other country , so I have no time to call the customer service . not a good experience .
 This was a horrible experience in gift giving . I ordered this toybox as a baby gift . First , the website did not let me send a message stating it was a gift , from whom , etc. . Amazon was absolutely no help in this arena and placed the blame on the website of the seller . Then I found out the package was delivered to my friends in Albuquerque -LRB- I live in Atlanta -RRB- with absolutely no assembly instructions . The box was void of any phone numbers or other references to figure out how to request instructions . Without my knowledge , my friends finally found a website site and tracked down the manufacturer to request assembly instructions . This was my first time buying anything from amazon.com and it will be my last .
 I purchased this Toy Chest since it was in sale and got it today and we started assembling . When we put the screws and tighten the wood cracks in several places . I do n't know how many days its going to last . I dont know why people use pressed wood for this kind of piece and sell it for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . This piece is not definetly worth the money . Please starting using solid wood or anything that does not crack . I love the look , but that deceives . My son loves to sit on it , but I am worried that it will break someday . By the way the Instructions for Assembly given with the product is should be much more clear and step by step .
 I figured for over $ 100 I would have received something of better quality . There were minor scratches on most pieces and the graphics were slightly smudged . Nothing major enough to go through the hassle of taking it apart , packing it back up , and dealing with the return process . Assembly did n't go well , the included screws broke -LRB- I broke three of them , only by using a handheld screwdriver , the heads twisted right off -RRB- . I ended up having to drill extra holes since the included screws broke off . Also , the instructions -LRB- the usual Chinese wordless instruction sheet -RRB- did n't put things together in the right order , so you ended up having to improvise . Parts of it are little more than cheap press board . I have my questions on whether or not it is going to last in my son 's room more than a year or two.All in all , just know you 're paying $ 100 for a cheaply made Chinese made novelty item , not a real piece of furniture .
 Nice try , but this is a disappointing item . The nail polish is not real polish . It washes off with water or you can peel it off . So the great design you worked so hard on is not going to last . My daughter said ` no fun ! '
 I recieved this itema s a gift . I thought it would be great I was wrong ! The designs it gives you are really cool but the ploish that comes with this is awful !!!!!!!!!
 I purchased a Symphonic Stacker for my granddaughter , 3 years ago , when she was 1 year old . She did not pay any attention to it , and was not interested in stacking the disks , nor did she care if I stacked them . Her disinterest persisted - she is now 4 years old , and has never actually `` played '' with the toy . Her new little sister is 1 year old now , and she also ignores the Symphonic Stacker . It looks cute to grandmas , but has no appeal to little girls .
 Buyer beware ... . the picture is misleading . The `` Ladybug Xylophone '' is no longer included in this set .
 This toy looks very nice with the colors , shape and overall is durable . However , the main item of this toy , the drum , is very disappointing in sound and quality . Bought it for my 1y 2m boy and did n't get much of his attraction . There is no ladybug . All items produce rattling sounds !!
 This is an overpriced toy that is a disappointment if you are looking for something musical . The ladybug xylophne makes terrible tones . The drum is just plastic . You could make the same noise with a plastic bowl . The tambourine is ok . The bells do n't have many bells on them . The clacker on the maraca does n't work nd the maraca itself does n't shake like a regular maraca . It is more like aplastic rain stick . I recommend getting $ 1.00 baby sized Maracas somewhere else . Overall , a huge disappointment .
 this anakin is horrible . he is ok for a display piece or for poses but you cant even attempt to play with him . His right arm has a `` Force Magnet '' to hold his saber but it doesnt hold it very well at all.He also comes with a detachable right arm to recreate the scene from the movie when dooku cuts his arm off . So whenever you move his right arm it falls off ! The only good thing about it is you get his two lightsabers . If you want an anakin you can actually play with i would reccomend `` Secret Ceremoney Anakin ''
 I received the trains today opened them & realized that annie and clarabel have the same facial expression painted on . This ca n't be possible because this is the way the children distinguish them . This item claims to be learning curve when in reality it reads on the bottom of the train TOMY and made in the UK . Im confused because all of my sons trains say learning curve except for these . Are these Knockoffs ?
 Your two day delivery option is a joke , I placed the order on Jan 10th and today is Jan 14th , i have yet to receive the order .
 The hand held Zizzle sponge bob game is not what it seems in the picture . The screen is so small it is hard to tell what game you are playing . My 3 yr . old grandson lost interest in less than 5 minutes . The picture of the games is so small the items in the game can hardly be seen . I was very disappointed in the game . I returned it and would recommend not to purchase this , especially new .
 This game was originally sold as a `` racing collectible '' rather than as a board game . After playing it , it 's obvious why they did that . I am a huge fan of racing games and must admit that this game is absolutely beautiful to look at . Too bad the game play is so bad . There are virtually no decisions for the players to make during the game -LRB- thus the Candyland reference -RRB- . You roll the die . If you get a number , your car moves that many spaces . If you roll the special `` C '' on the die -LRB- a one in ten chance -RRB- , you draw a card . Most of the cards tell you to do something - again , no decisions - though a few of the cards can be saved to play later . Choosing when to play those saved cards is about the only decision involved . This would be a good introductory racing game for younger children -LRB- I 've used it as such with my six year old son -RRB- , but there are better racing games for youngsters -LRB- Milton Bradley 's out of print but easy to find NASCAR Champions is one -RRB- . Bottom line
 Every water gun I 've gotten leaks shortly after buying it , if not right off the bat . These are no exception .
 I bought this item with the intentions of putting all of my daughters stuffed animals inside the hammock . When i purchased the item it stated on the box that it is a 7 foot long jumbo toy hammock . When i opened this item i discovered that it is only about 5 feet long . That is a two foot difference ! Now all of her stuffed animals wo n't fit inside . And for 9.99 what a rip off ! It should be more like 5.99 . What a joke ! I am going to complain to toys-r-us asap .
 This product does the job of hanging up the few stuffed animals my baby has but the material is extremely cheap . It is made of the same fabric that you would see in those mesh clothes hampers . It should be half the cost . It comes with three sets of picture hanging hooks and nails to support the three corners of the net . The net does n't stay in the hooks because they are open so I had to hammer the hooks closed around the ring at the corner of the net .
 I was so excited by this I had many stuffed animals to put up . I first tried to use the hooks it came with and could not get them into the wall . So I used stick on hooks got the stuffed animals in and it came off the wall taking some of the paint from the wall with it . I never have been more angry with a product . I do n't like to complain but this thing is useless I am taking it to the curb next monday .
 I just received this hammock . I read the description which said `` multi color trim '' . When you look at the picture it looks as if the trim is a cream or off white color , which I would of been happy with . NOPE ! This hammock has very bright red , yellow and blue trim which should be in the description . My nursery is painted in a light green and there is no way this will even match . So , I have to ship it back and try to find another one ! Very unhappy !
 not a good product . falls apart easily and does n't have many pieces to it ... would n't reccommend this for any age group .
 I do n't see how people can rate this toy highly . Half the time the pieces just fall apart from each other spontaneously , the other times you need to fight with them to get them apart . AND THEN YOU GET CUT ! I got cut and note that `` Jennifer '' in her five-star August 12 '03 review of the 100 piece said that she , her son , and her neighbor have all been cut . Also note that Hattie said in her four-star April '07 review of the 200 piece set that , `` You really need some supporting blocks under your structure '' . That 's in line with my claim that the thing falls apart too easily . And I feel that even with Duplos/Megablocks , that its hard to support the `` incline '' pieces . You ca n't build pictured structures exactly as they 're shown without having them fall apart . A whole cantilever section will just drop off like arms off a zombie in some B movie . And there are no step-by-step instructions -LRB- like in so many other construction toys -RRB- to show what to use to make a pictured structure -LRB- at least that 's true in the case of my 100 piece set -RRB- . That 's sort of fine if the idea is to `` create your own '' , but it 's a pain when your kid is saying , `` make me that one '' and you ca n't quite make out what 's in the picture . Actually I think they do n't add instructions because instructions would sort of be saying , `` Here 's a structure that works '' , but they do n't work , b/c they fall apart . ! @ # $ % ^ & *
 I bought this table for my one & two year old girls in December 2011 . We liked the table at first . It 's very easy to put together & it 's cute . But starting the first day , we had trouble with the table top . Someone put my daughter 's sippy cup on the table & of course , it leaked a little . Everywhere that the water touched the green table top , it swelled & bubbled . But the first time was n't so bad . It 's all the times that liquid has touched the table top since then that have made it look pretty horrible . And I 'm afraid to clean it because all my best cleaners are liquids ... What a pain . Who makes a table for children that is n't waterproof?On another note , the fact that the side bins are easily removed is a pain too when you have small children . They 're constantly pulling them off & emptying everything onto the floor . Maybe this would be better suited to older children who wo n't have drinks around it . Even then , I do n't know how someone is supposed to clean it.Overall , I 'm very unimpressed with the low quality of this table top . That alone has ruined the table for us . We still use it , but it looks horrible . I doubt I will ever be able to re-sell it , either . Who would buy it ? I would avoid buying this for young children , maybe preschoolers would be ok , if they 're very neat.I 'll be posting a picture of our water-ruined table top soon to help prove my point .
 We ordered this table for my 2 year old son 's Chirstmas gift , since he was receiving a Thomas train set . Hight adjustment and side drawers looked perfect . However the top part of the table was already broken in the box . It looks very thin and fragile , so we returned it and bought a different train table . I doubt how long it would last even if we got an unbroken one .
 I bought one of these at Walmart - it was $ 9 , how could I resist?What a piece of junk ! Its easy to overfill , the bubbles drool over the edge and drip down the surface it sits on ... and then 2 weeks later , it just decided to stop working.I would never buy one again . : - -LRB-
 This bubble machine was a pain while it worked , it was super messy and would only work with the expensive bubble solution . It burned through batteries and solution very quickly and stopped working all together after about 10 uses ... I 'm now looking for another bubble machine .
 I purchased this for my granddaughter . This was operated by adults and the 3-4 year old kids had fun playing with the bubbles for about 2-3 hours . Then it never worked again .
 We used this for our dog . He seemed to like it . The bubbles worked very well . It took alot of bubble liquid to get it to work though . So we feel like we ended up wasting a lot . It was hard to empty the remainng bubbles out of the machine when finished . It was worth the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- but that I would n't pay any more than that . Not worth it .
 My 7 y/o wanted this for his birthday and evertime it came on a commercial , he just went bonkers thinking it would be so much fun . It worked for a few times and then it would not stay flat . He was so discouraged , he put it in a cabinet and has yet to touch it again . This was a worthless product and a very dissappointing birthday present .
 The advertisement on TV states `` Throw a disk , catch a ball '' . Unless you perfectly time the throw , this does not happen . After 2 hours of trying , my sons -LRB- 5 & 8 -RRB- have given up in tears . We read the instructions and have tried everything but this is a phlop !
 Please do not purchase these notebooks . They were a total waste of money ! They are not even close to the size Steve/Joe use in the show . Also one thing my son loved to do was to stick the crayon in the top spiral part like they do in the show . The crayon barely even fits !!! My son would just get very frustrated with them and would n't use them at all . I was so excited to give these to him since it 's his favorite show , and was sooooooo very disappointed when I got them in the mail . Once again please do n't waste your money on such a misleading object . You can spend a dollar at Target for a notebook that serves it 's purpose much better ...
 Come on ! These notebooks are TINY , even for a kid ! Have you seen the show ? If this is a licensed Nick Jr. product , shame on the network , but I do n't think it is . I think this is someone trying to create a `` similar likeness '' to the Blue 's Clues notebook and draft off the shows success with an inferior and poorly crafted product . Take my advice ro do n't but this Dad says 15 dollars is about 14 dollars too much for this phony clone.Boo !
 We bought this for our daugher when she was 1 and put it on the proper setting . The first time the head popped up , she screamed in terror . I put in on the 4 month old setting and she played with it a little but overall is still terrified of it . Every once in a while we pull it out to see if she will play with it because I really think it is a neat toy and she just runs screaming from the room . I would give it away if I knew of anyone with a baby but I dont . It seems a shame to let it sit there collecting dust . We had it almost a year befor I even knew that the shapes came out .
 why has my shipment been delayed . This was a birthday gift but now I am cancelling the order . Your efficiency sucks
 I was so excited to buy the Phil Harmonic when I was still pregnant and the first stage is really soothing with beautiful music . And I still used it with my baby for the first few months . But then as the stages progressed the less soothing and interesting it became . To be honest the games in the fourth stage do n't even make sense ! It fact it 's really annoying ! Rather then let the child explore the sounds and music while pushing and sliding the buttons at a normal pace , the child hears `` hit the lit button '' over and over and over . Sad to say this one is collecting dust somewhere in my garage .
 I bought this product for my granddaughter as she loves lights , sounds , music and shapes . I do not know how children of any age could learn how to use this toy because my daughter-in-law and I both had a very difficult time trying to figure it out . My granddaughter does love the lights and the sounds . I can not see how educational this toy could possibly be for anyone younger than 14 or older .
 It seems like a great toy , and it does deliver with lights , sounds , and nice renditions of kids songs . It has a nice concept of growing with your child , too , offering new functionalities based on age.Unfortunately , where it falls very short is the repetitive voice that says to press a button . Most other electronic toys have an automatic shut off , rather than use a voice to remind you to push a button over and over again . It 's unfortunate , but it 's a significant design flaw that 's annoying to parents and kids . Ours is gathering dust.For its high price , I can not recommend this item .
 It 's a nice little statue . But it does n't include a mount for the dashboard . So you have to invent your own . I have n't solved this problem . This is n't exactly what I expected . And I 'm disappointed I ca n't cruise down the road singing , `` I do n't care if it rains or freezesLong as I got my plastic JesusSitting up on the dashboard of my car ... ''
 I 've been buying Playmobil advent sets for ten years or longer , and they 've been a wonderful part of the holiday season for my grandchildren and me . We loved the various settings , and especially waited to see what Santa would be doing each year . `` Christmas in the Forest '' was truly special , as it included foxes -- my maiden name is Fox.The last two years have been terribly disappointing , however . Pirates and knights and unicorns and fairies may be good gender-specific toys , but -- except for the countdown feaure -- they have nothing to do with Advent . If and when Playmobil produces a Christmas-themed set , I 'll return to buying them .
 I am ashamed that , as a well intended grandparent , I allowed myself to be sucked into buying this good-for-nothing fuz-wrapped ball of spongy foam simply because it apparently is the current fad amongst an age group that includes my grandduaghter . Talk about consumerism training for children , wasted resources , meaningless posessions , etc. . This tops the list for me . : -LRB-
 Wholesale freebies sent me this game without box and same card repeated . I complained and they sent me the same , , !! Thing again just a different number repeated . I have not been refunded as of today . Not happy . My kids just want to play Angelina ballerina UNO , please fix this problem and send me a new game with a box !
 Horrible ! All the cards came as number ones in the same color green , obviously poor packaging and without directions or a box .
 Becareful in ordering this product . Who ever is shipping it screws up the order . There must be a database error , because instead of a game , I received soft porn . I contacted Amazon about the order and they were to take care of me by shipping out another copy of the game . Quess what , they sent me the same darn soft porn DVD . I 'm ordering it for a schools game club and do you know what it 's like to have disapointed kids waiting to play the game . Oh by the way it was opened up at school in front of kids -LRB- 4-6th grade -RRB- - yeah that was not a hallmark event . . Save your money and build it out of a sheet of cardboard and use coins for the knights - or you could buy it and maybe get an interesting DVD in the mail .
 I thought this bear would glow when you pressed on its ' tummy or something , like one of those Glow Worms ' from the 80 's , but no , you actually have to expose it to light and then the paws and tummy glow in the dark . Actually the one good thing I can say about it is , that when exposed to bright light for half a minute it can glow pretty brightly even in a room with some light .
 My sister ordered this and another Toy Story doll from Amazing Plush back on December 15th . They toys are still not here -- so no present for my sister to give my kids for Christmas . Do n't believe them when they say it 's in stock .
 I have 2 problems with this `` minature '' Bullseye ... # 1
 For $ 16 this was sad . This plush is the SMALL version . The Disney store sells the 16 '' version for the same price . This version goes for $ 8.50 , which was verified by the tag left on the toy . My fault for not doing more research . Look elsewhere
 No place in their ad does it say that Bullseye is only 8 '' . If I wanted an 8 '' Bulleyes I would have bought from the Disney store where they are $ 8 a piece or 2 for $ 10 . Why would I pay $ 15.95 for a 8 '' Bullseye ? I am very dissapointed in this purchase . If they would n't have sold out so quickly I could have gotten the full size Bullseye from the Disney Store for $ 16.95 ... so comparing the price I thought these were full size . I need full size Bulleyes to go with the other characters for both my grand daughters . Now what , I have to pay another $ 5.00 to send these back ... very disapointed in your misleading ad , and hopefully I wo n't have to disappoint my granddaughters .
 Thought i was getting one that at least Jesse would fit on , well maybe if it was a midget Dont get it
 Little hands are begging to break the spindly plastic arms on this thing . It seems like it would be a lot of fun for kids over 8 . The facts are pretty generic and the questions are also very basic . This is not a motor inside the center causing the planets to revolve around the sun but the sun Does light up . This toy is jut OK .
 Do.Not.Purchase . The plush cat bus that they send you looks nothing like the picture . It was terrible to think that they were charging about 20-something dollars for such a piece of trash.All the legs were simply a single piece of fabric with cotton shoved in at random intervals - making sudo legs that were fused together.The sewing was absolutely terrible - you can see places where the machine/person missed with cotton poking out of the plushThe dimensions were very misleading - while the description claims it is 7 inches long - it does n't mention that it is about 3 inches tall.I have ordered both the catbus and gray totoro from this company - completely ripped off both times . If you want a good quality plush , shop from a Japanese website instead .
 I ordered it for my wife who loves the movie Totoro and we were both excited to receive the scary yet cool cat bus . But the cat bus we received was a cheaper , poorly made knockoff .
 My 7 year old daughter bought this set with her birthday money . She was looking forward to learning about the novelty of a `` film camera '' and being a junior photographer . The poor quality camera let in so much light that the entire roll was exposed while in the camera . Unfortunately I did n't know this until after a special trip to the drugstore to get the film developed . She was very disappointed by the resulting strip of black plastic that was supposed to be cherished photos of her favorite things.I 'd find a cheaper alternative product that does n't include a cheap camera . This is definitely one of those times where you get what you pay for .
 My son wanted this helmet so badly that I bought it for him without reading any reviews . I now noticed that someone else wrote a review about the helmet cracking . Well , our helmet has at least 6 cracks in it , mostly along the back and is about to fall apart . It is a beautiful helmet when it comes out of the box , but it is not durable at all and my son is completely sad and disappointed that he can no longer wear it ! DO N'T BUY IT ! There are some serious flaws with the manufacturing ! If I could fix/glue it I would but I do n't know what type of material to use to repair it . What a total waste of money !
 This helmet is not what you think , not shiny , not metal , purple inside , not what i thought . You can make your own decision .
 I loved Frank Miller 's 300 movie , and wanted to get costume props , yet they only had overly priced adult armor . The helmet was on sale else ware , so I got it cheaper , but it is nothing like on the box . Instead of a properly shaped brass/gold color it looks like oxidized bronze , not to mention the cheek pieces stick out , unlike the picture . For the thirty dollars I paid I would say it was not worth it . It fell head-first on the floor once , and developed a large crack in the skull area , proving little durability .
 I loved Frank Miller 's 300 movie , and wanted to get costume props , yet they only had overly priced adult armor . The helmet was on sale else ware , so I got it cheaper , but it is nothing like on the box . Instead of a properly shaped brass/gold color it looks like oxidized bronze , not to mention the cheek pieces stick out , unlike the picture . For the thirty dollars I paid I would say it was not worth it . It fell head-first on the floor once , and developed a large crack in the skull area , proving little durability .
 Yes , they are cute , but that is where it ends . We -LRB- the adults -RRB- can hardly make these `` fly '' 10 feet ... forget about the 50 feet as advertised . We have played and played with these trying to get them to fly . No luck . My 12 yr old is not able to get it to work either . A disappointing purchase .
 I think this would be perfect if you are looking for a small/portable cribbage board . Say you were going camping and wanted to take the game along this would probably be just what you were looking for.I was looking for a nice board for my parents , and this just seemed cheap and small . I returned it .
 Very poorly made - holes not drilled deep enough to hold pegs , improper number of holes for a standard cribbage board -LRB- row of holes missing because of where the board hinges -RRB- , there is no latch to hold the board closed when it is folded so it is not actually convenient for travel as the cards and pegs can fall out easily , hinges were already bent upon arrival such that board does not line up flush when folded .
 I like the fold up design and considered making one like it but decided to save time from drilling many holes accurately . I am very disappointed in the quality . Wood surface is rough , wood is poor quality , I do n't expect the small weak hinges to last . I may have to replace parts , or just use it for a pattern to make a decent one.Not worth the price .
 I was dissappointed in this . I bought it for a friend and I was embarrassed when he opened it . I considered returning it but my friend thinks it is charming . However , the board does not lay level when open and rocks back and forth . The pegs do not fit as the holes are full of varnish , and unbelievably , the inside track is missing a hole . You can see where it was misdrilled and filled but it was not redrilled . I do like the history and rule book that is included and we were able to play as long as no one needed the missing hole . I will drill it out before we play again .
 Instructions more for someone who already knows how to play . Scoring difficult to understand . Would not purchase again . Not a fast paced game . Very slow and boring .
 this was a terrible item to gift ... i was very unimpressed by it ... and my son had no intrest in this toy .
 The head pops off and polyester filling comes out . I could n't get the head to stay back on , I even tried re sewing it . This Buzz had to go on '' vacation '' in the garbage can . Disappointing toy !
 I purchased this for my 4 year old nephew 's birthday . Imagine my embarrassment when the emu and the eco-guide would not stand up . Both were too top-heavy . Then , the eco-guide 's leg fell off . Then his arm ... and the crocodile 's head . I purchased this item from a zoo gift shop based on the `` ages 3 and up '' print on the front , but we were left with many small pieces . Anything for kids 3-8 will be battered and abused and needs to be able to withstand a child playing with its moveable parts . Although my nephew still played with everything , the product is so cheaply made that I will not be buying him the dinosaur set that he begged me for . I would suggest to the company to either make the product more durable , or make each animal unmoveable -LRB- but standable ! -RRB- .
 While the idea behind these products from Wild Republic is a good one , unfortunately the construction and quality are extremely poor . We 'd had these items for less than a few hours before arms and limbs began breaking off . If you can find them , Animal Planet makes a series of similar playsets that are of much higher quality and that our son enjoys more . Otherwise , better to do without entirely than waste money on these cheap , flimsy toys .
 My son received this as part of a set for Christmas this year . He will be 5 in Feb. . He played gently with it but it still began falling apart . He liked it but was quickly annoyed by the falling sails . He does n't even bother with it now.Of course , his set came with other parts , but it took us over an hour to assemble just the boat . The only part of the boat that was already assembled was the shell of it . We had to put on everything else.I 'm sure there are other products out there that are easier to assemble and easier to play with . This should n't be played with . It needs to sit on a shelf to collect dust .
 We bought this toy for my 3 year old who LOVES farm animals . He has other matching games that he loves , so we thought he would enjoy this one . But , it 's been way too difficult for him.First , to play the board game itself , the rules are too complicated for him . Then , the physical part of joining the animals together is tough for his little hands.We 've been playing our own version so we can try to get our money 's worth out of the game . I would n't recommend this game unless you have an older child who is patient enough to follow directions and has better fine motor skills.I think a better game for little ones would be one I bought that comes in an egg crate . It only has two parts so it 's easier to match . Sorry-I ca n't remember the name or brand .
 This Darth Vader figure was one of the first in the 12 '' Collector Series line . It 's not the work of art that the later Sideshow figures are , but I really enjoyed Kenner 's ` 90s 12 '' figure line.Pros - The outfit is very detailed , as is the lightsaber -LRB- though the hilt does n't detach like later Jedi figures -RRB- . Cons - He has a tiny , tiny head ! He 's also the same height as the Luke Skywalker figure . It also suffers from limited articulation . They used a G.I. Joe figure body , which meant rubbery , less-poseable arms and legs . He also has big goofy mittenlike hands . Fortunately they corrected this a few years later with the taller , more articulated talking Darth Vader figure.It pales in comparison to both theSideshow Collectibles Star Wars Deluxe 12 Inch Action Figure Darth Vaderand the later1 :6 Scale Star Wars Electronic Talking Darth Vader Anakin Skywalker Action Figure -LRB- 1998 Kenner -RRB- , and I 'd really only recommend it to serious collectors . Anyone else has much better options to choose from .
 My son received this toy at age 4 . Playmobil toys look cool , but they really are junk . They have lego style action figures that can not stand by themselves , it would be easier to balance a chopstick on its end then have one of these caracters stand up . At least lego guys have peg holes in their feet and can stand eadily.Playmobils get demolished by kids , they take them apart and lose all the little pieces in less then a week , so they toy is useless or looks like a scrap yard shell . I would rather buy legos for my kids because they can demolish the original set , but at least play with the parts and make their own new toys with the set parts .
 This is the `` some assembly required '' project from hell ! It is a really complex circuit involving a microprocessor . It is conceptually easy to assemble if you follow the directions very , very carefully.I assembled and tested it with my 9-year-old granddaughter to get her excited about electronics . She was a great help to granpa with her sharp eyes finding the components , reading resistorcolor codes and handing me the folded items ready to insert in the PCB . The main problem
 I thought that this product was flimsy and not quite as advertised . It blows over too easily and not very well made . Would not recommend .
 Difficult to get to flow , reallllyyyy need to squeeze the bottle to get anything to come out . And the stated `` Tack '' time is way off . 25 seconds ?? more like an hour before you can let go , or pieces will fall apart . Nice citrus smell , but NOT worth the $ $ $ $ $
 This item is simply one with the same quality , size and density of one found in a claw machine in an arcade . Disappointed to have spent so much on the item itself as well as shipping .
 This is going back to the seller . It 's cheap and does n't fit our baby . It comes in a box too - overpackaging is not something I appreciate paying for . It 's not stylish . It was a mistake to buy it .
 I got this product secondhand for $ 1.50 and boy am I glad I did n't buy it new at the full price ! My daughter was 9 months old when I got it and sat next to it , hitting the baseball with her hand and ignoring the bat for about 5 minutes then moved on . When she was 11 months old and could walk she was already way too big for it and just ran around the house hitting things with the bat . The `` adjustable height '' only adds about two inches . Even if she was tiny enough to use this , I doubt hitting a ball in a circle with some annoying repetitive phrases would interest her very long.Save your money for the Little Tikes Little Champs Sports Center or Fisher-Price Brilliant Basics Baby 's First Baseball . I do n't own those but they look much better .
 This was a gift to our son at 13 months old . He could n't walk yet , but he was already too tall to really play with this toy . He has to kneel down or sit if he wants to play with it.The voice on our unit is kind of muffled and hard to understand . That aside , it 's annoying to us that it only says 3 or 4 things over and over again.This toy is a dud for us . Even when we try to play with it to catch his attention , he is not interested . On the rare occasion that he does play with it , he hits the ball with the bat or his hand and the unit wobbles or tips over.I do think this toy might be good for a baby that has just mastered the ability to sit on their own . Perhaps around the 6 month age range .
 I got this for my son when he was 12 months old thinking he would like it . I was wrong , it is for babies who ca n't walk yet . My son lked the music it played and the lights but that was all . Total waste of money .
 This toy comes up to my ankle !!! It 's so small , my daughter who weighs 15 lbs & is 12 months it looks too small for her !! It 's really pretty boring , she doesnt really like this one at all !!! It holds her attention when the lights light up but , I get sick of playing with it ... hehe i 'm always playing with it to get her interested !! Not good for any age !!
 Son is 15mo . and has very little interest in this toy . Even at his young age the toy is very short and can only be adjusted by approx . 1.5 '' . The toy often tips over if he swings at it and the sound interaction -LRB- single , double , triple home run -RRB- has nothing to do with how far the ball spins around .
 Carefully read the dimensions of this toy . It is extremely small . So small in fact that our 1yr is already too tall to play with it . He has to crouch down to swing the bat at the appropriate level to hit the ball .
 Truly , it 's a waste of money . It 's boring . My 18 month old got this for Christmas and I think I 've played with it more than he has - and I only played with it to show him what it does , which he was not impressed with . He 's had more fun hitting things with the little bat than anything else . Sadly disappointed .
 I purchased this toy for my grandson 's 1st birthday . I thought it would be great for enhancing his hand/eye coordination , but he took little interest in the toy . He was already much too tall for it . It is not very sturdy becasue when he hits the ball , the tips over . It does not keep his attention . Almost a year later and her barely plays with it . Overall , its no fun !
 glad i bought this on clearance ... it 's really pretty useless . . my twin 14 month old boys barely gave it a second look when i presented it to them ... it only sounds off when they happen to bump into it ... they are occasionally interested in carrying the bat around but that 's it ... sound effects are very weak .
 It does n't even play the whole take me out to the ball game song !!! It is not very heavy so it gets knock down very easily . My 1yo does n't care for it . We will see if he plays with it more as he gets older . I usually like Playskool stuff .
 What a crappy toy ! We were really disapointed with this one ! It 's really small and uncomfortable . One wack from my son and the thing fell over . He did n't enjoy this toy at all . It makes sounds ... thats it 's best feature .
 This product would be wonderful for my son except it is TOO SHORT ! They advertise it is appropriate for up to 36 months , and my son just turned two and a half . The height adjustment is a joke , only lifts an inch up . The bat is too small for him too . If it lifted up higher and was more steady when hit it could have been a great toy . He enjoyed it for the first couple days and that was it .
 Was very unhappy with game . Since Truth Be Told was so wonderful , I assumed this game would be also . WRONG!Would have sent it back but it was n't worth the effort.Was the first thing I ever ordered from Amazon that I was unhappy with .
 We love our Apples to Apples party box and were excited to add this expansion pack to it . However my family was disappointed overall in this set because most of the cards are combos containing ampersands . For example noun cards include fame & fortune , bells & whistles , arm & a leg , etc. . Adjective cards include plump & tender , hail and hearty , rough & ready , hit & miss , fast & furious , etc. . My teenagers were especially annoyed by these cards because many of them are just so vague . We 've tried to mix them together with the cards in the party box so that nobody gets an entire handful of them again -LRB- lots of moans when that occurred -RRB- but it 'll take some time to get them all evenly distributed . I hope that expansion set 2 does not contain so many cards of this type and I 'll ask around to make sure before I purchase it .
 Our whole family loves Apples to Apples ! We know each others ' judging tendencies , so know whether to select a literal or metaphoric parallel , or a funny or ironic card . We passionately argue our positions or we pander , whichever wins the round.We were excited for this expansion pack , having played our other cards into predictability . But these are so awful ! My wife described using them as being on ' a forced march ' . Most of the cards are pairs of words , e.g. , Surf & Turf , Chicken & the Egg , The Birds and Bees , which are virtually worthless juxtaposed against their supposed counterparts
 Although rated for 2 year olds I found that the magnetic wand was too narrow and small and not strong enough to really attach to the little ball inside the maze . It is even hard for adults and was totally frustrating - and not fun - for my 21/2 year old .
 this item did n't work for us . It did n't stand up straight on one stroller and the straps were too small for the other one . It looked cute though .
 I ordered this item for my 6 month old son thinking that it only came in one unisex color . When I received it , it looked a little different than on the image in the page . The balls were more girl colors -LRB- pink and purple -RRB- I was n't pleased with this item and returned it . They should fix there description or at least specify that this item may not be `` as shown '' . The product looked great and it 's very nice but for a girl .
 One of the other customer reviews of this toy said that the pieces were impossible to keep with the book -- I should have listened . The book 's illustrations are great but the pieces are a nightmare to contain . I put the book high on the bookshelf . Not much fun for a toddler up there .
 Seems like a good idea , but pricey for what it is . The string is not long enough . I know you have to worry these days about safety , and everyone is out to protect children and all that , but that means sometimes toys are just impractical . Make the string a few inches longer so you can actually hold the magnetic pen properly and you can actually reach all parts of the toy ! The carved out wooden channels are also too wide and you can almost move two balls through them at once.My 2-yr old tires quickly as he quickly figures out puzzles - this one was just boring to him .
 I bought this toy for my daughter 's 5th birthday . By the end of the day , red paint had chipped off the cake platter and the velcro was pulling away from the sides of the cake slices . I thought my daughter and her 6-year-old sister would have a lot more fun with this toy . They love playing pretend house and store with their plastic foods , and they love having parties with their stuffed animals . They have n't played with this since the birthday . Also , I was disappointed that the wood tray did n't come with some sort of lid , even a plastic one . This toy was a bummer .
 One of my children was given this as a birthday gift , and while the kids like it okay and do play with it some , I have a few issues with it . First , as others have mentioned , there is no lid to the box . Annoying ! Secondly , the paint does come off the pieces ! Of course , being `` food '' , kiddos are going to put pieces in their mouths to pretend-eat it . -LRB- Even though I always tell them not to ! -RRB- It is very obvious which pieces have been in kids ' mouths , due to the paint chipping and wearing off . Even if it 's lead-free , it 's not a great thing to have happen ! Third , there are just too many little pieces for this mom 's preference and I end up finding them strewn all through the house . And finally , it 's just odd to me that the two of the cake toppings are jelly beans and gumdrops . Overall , I do not like this toy and would not recommend it to others .
 I was a huge fan of Melissa and Doug products . I went in to buy this set at a local toy store and was saddened to see the Made in China label - in fact all the products that were in that particular store by Melissa and Doug were made in China . What bothered me about that fact was that they market themselves as USA made and that clearly is n't the fact anymore.I chose not to buy it anymore - particularly with the amount of red paint on this toy food product . Now they do say they test and test and safety test.But as a parent , I chose to not buy it anymore because of my concerns about product safety from China.Sad to say I will no longer be buying Melissa and Doug - the stuff is adorable I just ca n't be guaranteed of it 's safety anymore .
 I recently purchased four sets of Melissa & Doug toys . All of them are just pieces of wooden junks . For example , this party cake . One piece of velcro is already detached before my daughter starts to play . The quality is very bad , which you can easily see from the glue , the paint and the smell . I did n't buy them from amazon but another big retailer in U.S. I was hoping what I bought were fake products before I found complaints about low qualities of Melissa & Doug everywhere.I am from China . To my astonishment , I just found Melissa & Doug toys were sold widely online in China &#65292; and of course much cheaper . Something is not going right with Melissa & Doug production . I am not saying the toy products made from my own country are always inferior . The inferior ones are always sold for only several dollars . My mother-in-law bought a food cutting toy of another brand for my daughter in China . She brought it here and it 's well made . With the price tag here , I usually expect more.I rated it two stars not one simply because of the idea in this toy .
 Our 3 year old quickly lost interest with this leap pad book , but found the Dr. Suess ones to keep her attention much longer .
 My 3 yr old daughter loves princesses , and so was quite excited to try this . But she is pretty bored and unchallenged by this book
 Should have specified that the book can only be used with the leappad system . Bought it as a present and the child does not have one .
 I bought this cd player for my daughter for Christmas this year and buy Mon. evening the tab to keep the lid closed had already broken . The player still works but you would think that it would be a little more durable seeing as it is designed for a child ... The songs are pretty crappy , to fast and no words just the music , however , my daughter seems to love it .
 I wish I had read the reviews before buying this . According to the box , I assumed that it actually played songs . I even took it apart to make sure the display only tab was pulled out all the way . This will be returned .
 My 3 yr old got this for a present . The button to open the top did n't work from the get go . I have to open it up by pulling up on the lid . My daughter can not do it herself . I would like this toy , even though it is really flimsy , except for the fact that the music is without words and ridiculously fast and over stimulating . My daughter ... and son think it 's fun but they get too amped up when this toy is being used . It might accidentally disappear .
 My three year old girl loves this , but we hate it . It has no volume control and it is loud .
 My 3 year old was so excited to get a CD palyer of her own - however this is abosolute junk and a HUGE disappointmnet . She used it once - the top broke off , the CD 's do n't play the music from the movies , they play poorly recorded imatations with no singing - only unpleasant music that you ca n't even dance to . Do n't waste your $ money on this one .
 I purchasd the item believing that it would actually play `` real '' cd 's . However , upon discovering that it did not , I accepted my fate . However , when attempting the play the provided cd 's , they simply did not work in the manner I believed they should -LRB- e.g. , I believed that by placing each cd in the player , I would be able to play selected songs.This did not happen -RRB- . As well , the door was too easily removed . This was purchased for my 4yo granddaughter . She was bored with it in an hour .
 This product only plays the three disks that come with it . The songs are just music no singing . Easy to use though , my daughter figured it out in about 30 seconds .
 This never worked and not worth paying postage to send back .
 This toy looks cute , but the lid pops off so easily that it is really unusable for little kids . I have another princess CD player for my 4 year old that came with a book and it works much better . I bought this one for my 2 year old so she would have one of her own , but as soon as you open the lid to change the CD it pops off and only an adult can pop it back on . My 2 year old can play the music , but the sound is very poor . I would not recommend this one as there are other princess CD players on the market that are better .
 My 4 year old daughter was excited to get this as a gift from an out of town Aunt . She was very disappointed when she heard the `` music '' . Not only is it not music from the movies , the songs are horribly done , sound cheap and play too fast.The cell phone covers do n't stay on.We ca n't return it so it will sit , unused ... until it 's pitched .
 We bought this for my daughters fourth birthday but took it back when we realized that none of the princesses sing on the cd 's . It 's cute , but boring . We found the disney princesses sing along microphone instead that she can sing with the princesses or on her own and dance to the beat of just the music . I 'm glad we made that switch !
 I ordered the Disney Princess CD Player for my 3 year old daughter last Christmas . The lid comes off very easily and she 's not strong enough to pop the CD 's in and out . It is difficult even for me ! The song clips are too short and not the original familiar versions . It will be in the Good Will bag before the next Christmas comes along .
 the cd player has no volume control . needs headphones . the phone that comes with it has 3 plastic earpieces that have fallen off and wo n't stay on it since day one . very disappointed from disney princesses . waste of money .
 My daughter got this for Christmas at age 3 , played with it briefly , then just used the purse . The music sounds real cheap and cheesy , not like the original soundtracks or anything . By age 4 she had a real CD player that was as easy to use and she takes better care of her real CDs than the plastic ones . Hers also came with a cell phone which she did n't use until recently and the different color covers that came with it wo n't stay on .
 The plugs wo n't stay in when fully inflated and unless over-inflated the thing wo n't stand straight up . Piece of junk .
 My son is 17 months old and we decided to try the leap pad . Although the on-off button and volume controls were loads of fun for him , he did not enjoy the toy at all . He was unabe to get most of the object 's attached sounds to work , and was unenthusiastic about the reading `` voice '' . He would turn it off and instead ask me to read to him with out the distraction of the toy . I am taking it to the resale store today .
 If your child is a leapfrog button pushing kid , SKIP THIS TOY !!!! Who had the bright idea of the sound and on/off being green buttons on a white field right on the front ?????? All she wants to do is push the buttons !!!! Once she turns it off I have to reset it with the green go circle on the side of the page , etc. . She did not care about it at , then she wanted to just rip the books off . She is strong but can not trigger the page noises . The toy is just a dud . Buy the 2 leapfrog movies instead , those are great . All I do with this toy is scold her not to rip on the books or push the buttons . No fun for either of us .
 My daughter who is 17 months old , has every leap frog learning toy made . I was so excited about this product ... until I got it home . My daughter had a very hard time understanding what to do . She ended up pulling off the book and just pressing the pad . The concept is great , but the actual toy is n't .
 While I was Toys r us there were Leap Frog representatives pushing this product and how great it is . My twins just want to push the on off button . This button should be in the back . Also the pages of the book should not be made out of paper -LRB- that is why this age group uses board books -RRB- . I am going to try to return this product ot Toys r us .
 I bought the Little Touch leap pad system for my 2 year old daughter . However , she can not play with it by herself ! I need to do the touching because she does not lean hard enough on the pictures . She gets frustrated while trying to do so.She has a much easier time with her brother 's `` My First Leap Pad ''
 I gave this a better rating for educational value because I believe it will be beneficial ... someday . For now , my 13-month old is more interested in pushing the on/off and volume control buttons . We have been unable to get through a whole book because of this . If I cover the buttons with my hand , he just gets mad and screams and then has no patience to play with the book . Maybe I just have an active boy , or maybe this is not age-appropriate . Kids today are technology driven and if there is a button to push , they will find it . Future re-design should put the power and volume controls well out of sight .
 My daughter who is 18 months old received this as her Christmas gift . I thought it would be something interesting for her since she likes to read , however , she has totally no interest over it . The day I opened it for her , she only sit on my lap , watch me play it to her , and kept pressing the on/off button . She tried to use her little fingers to activate the sounds on the book but it was too hard for her . Even I found that to be difficult sometimes . How can a little girl be able to press on something that is not sensitive enough to be activated ? Also , it does n't make sense to ask them to press the `` GO '' button on every single page in order to make the toy to read the right page . Now the toy is sitting in the toy box and she does n't reach for it since then . Overall , I would say this should be for kids over 2 years old or even older . I would say the regular LeapPad works better than this one but it is not recommended for kids under 3 either since they do n't know how to take good care of the pen as my daughter always pull too hard that I am afraid she will pull the wire off from the pad one day .
 While the Little Touch is certainly a nice product , it requires significant parent involvement and does not seem to hold the attention of a toddler -LRB- < 18mo -RRB- nearly as well as a traditional book . The pad is not sensitive enough to a young child 's touch and the books are somewhat flimsy . I recommend taking the $ ... you would spend on this platform and the accompanying software and ordering a bunch of `` old fashion '' books instead .
 We bought this toy for our son when he was 8 months old . Leap Frog has on the box that this is for 6-36 months . DO NOT BUY THIS TOY FOR AN INFANT ! As usual for Leap Frog they have made a great product but have rated it for too young an age . Yeah , it makes noise but thats it and unfortunatley thats not enough to keep our sons attention even with us trying to make a big deal out of it . He just tries to crawl off our lap . I think one reason that he is so disinterested in this toy is that he can not interact with it . The touch pad is n't sensitive enough for little fingers . You really have to push hard and you have to press exactly on the object which is hard for an 8 month old , especially when it is asking him to press the red triangle . I do think that he will enjoy this in about another year though so for now we have put it up in his closet and are just sticking to the board books .
 This is supposed to be fit for a child that is 6 months to 36 months ???? My little guy will have it destroyed by the time he is actually able to sit and play with it . He has had it since 12 months and is now 22 months , and does nothing but pull the books out of the game because they come out so easily ... They should be pages made of hard plastic that can not come out once you put them in . Then the cards were a joke . Too floppy and flimsy . He also pulls the cartridges out . Turns the button on and off , off ... I would NOT recommened spending $ 30.00 plus dollars on this , not to mention the cost of buying each individual cartridge ... . I think any parent would be highly disapointed with this ...
 This product was put together by a monkey that never had kids . If you buy the additonal books and cards you will never know what activity card goes with what cartridge . Leap Frog will offer no help with this . I called the help desk and they said good luck with that . It is to hard for a child of the 6-36 months to press the keys . Your child wo n't be able to push the object .
 I love leap frog and was so very excited when they came out with a leap pad for the younger children however THIS IS NOT A TOY FOR 6 MONTHS + . It is an expensive disappointment . It is just bad marketing . It is a toy for 18 months + . My daughter is 10 months old and she can not use the toy . The book pages do not tear but they are able to be crinckled they are a paper with a fabric weaver in them . Why they did not make these a type of board book pages I will never understand . The activite boards you used instead of the book are also paper and my daughter can pull them right out . There is no real secure way to keep them attached to the board since only the top two corners slide in . This is a wonderful toy but I can not even imagine a 10 month old using it let alone a 6 month old as stated on the box . Also an adult has to press the go sign on each book page so a child can not play with this alone . If you child is 18 months + it may be great but if they are younget than that I say pass it by and buy the activity table .
 Manufacturer recommends to start using this toy from 6 months of age . We bought if for our 10-months old son because he loves books . This toy is definetely not age-appropriate for him even if an adult plays with him -- the ` touch ' does not work , its hard to press even for a grown-up , the pages are flimsy and he is jamming and tearing them , so there goes this toy in the closet for a long time since my baby is not able to play with it . LeapFrog should either adjust the ` touch ' or the recommended age . This toy should be recommended starting approximately 18 months of age . Two thumbs down ...
 We just bought Little touch leap pad for our 8 months old . All that I can say is that I do not see why the company was allowed to market this toy with a 6-36 months age range . Even 8 months is way too early . Number one , I thought that the toy will actually be geared for a baby and will have a lot of music and songs . That is not the case . It is largely based on the book asking you to press on a certain button -LRB- and you have to press pretty hard ! -RRB- and also asking for example to find pairs of things , or point to a blue colored piece of clothing , etc. . All that on the `` first '' setting . How would you imagine a baby doing that ? This toy is definitely for older children , in my opinion at least a 2 year old . I think just reading baby books so far will be much more beneficial for a baby . For us Little touch leap pad was a waste of money and we are taking ours back to the store .
 I purchased this toy for my then 14 month old -LRB- shes 16 months now -RRB- I thought it would be a fun activity to do duringthe day with the nanny . Needless to say we were VERY disappointed!first of all the Snap in book comes offtoo easily , however i find the pages of the book to be quite sturdy . Also the tabs on the activity cards are too short and dont stay in place . When my daughter tries to press on the bookto hear a sound she CANT PRESS HARD ENOUGH , and she gets upset and frustrated & starts just punching and banging on it.Also the ON/OFF and volume buttons should be hidden in the back of the toy because the most fun my daughter hasis pressing those two buttons . Dont get this for Christmas , just wait for the child to get older and get the regular leap pad .
 I got this for my son who is 22 months old to help keep him busy in the car . I must say I 'm rather disappointed.One of the problems we had was the on and off button is too easy for little ones to access and operate and when the system gets turned off and then back on YOU must then restart up the system.And , as easy as the on and off button is to operate - the opposite must be said for the use of the pages . Most of the time my son hits things on the page and gets no response and after a few tries ends up in his frustration .
 The concept of this product is great . However , it is too hard for a smaller child to use . Ex
 I am disappointed that I have to even give this one star ! If you do not push the exact part of the page with a certain amount of pressure it does not work . Other people are saying this is too difficult for a child of this age . I will say that even when I try to use it with my kids , I push something on the page and the total wrong answer plays . I was ready to junk it the first couple days after buying it . Please do not waste your money !
 If you read any of this , please also read my correction below !!!!!! I agree totally with many of the reviews of this toy . ON/OFF is incredibly frustrating . If I try to sit with my active 22 month old , he loves to turn the toy on and off . This is annoying in and of itself . But , even worse is that the settings have to be re-entered . And , since the default is setting one - without ANY useful words , what is the point of hearing a baby coo ?? Default should at least be setting two . He also knows that if he hits the edge column something will happen - it 's the green go area , but he rarely hits the go for the corresponding page , so the information never fits . And , it is true that one has to press awfully hard - much too hard for a toddler . Also , if he turns the toy on and leaves it , it plays a song -LRB- that I can never seem to get out of my head for days -RRB- for a * very * long time before it finally shuts itself off.I find that the books are useful . But , as just that
 We purchased this toy when my daughter was 15mo old and like other readers have taken it out 1/month for the last 9 months . She is now 2 years old and still would much rather read real books w / me or bang on the on/off button and then put the toy away . I am surprised that any parent would rather use an electronic toy vs 's sitting down with good old fashion -LRB- and inexpensive -RRB- books ! It is a waste of money .
 My son received this toy from Grandma for Christmas . He was 8 months old . He showed no interest in it . Once a month since then , I have brought it out and used it with him . He could care less . Being an early childhood education major , my advice is to buy the real book , sit down with yoru child , and read it yourself . You can make you own games and songs based on the stories . It makes the time spent more meaningful .
 I love most of the Leap Forg toys but this is the worst . We bought this about 4-5 months ago when my daughter was 13-14 months old and although she found it interesting she was drawn to the on/off button and the volume button which is very obvious and big . So most of the time , even when we are just starting in on a book she starts with the on/off constantly ! She is 19 months now and still this interests her more than anything . She operates 90 % of her toys by herself but this is not one that she could because of the & amp ; quot ; GO & amp ; quot ; button mentioned by another reviewer . You have to hit it EVERY SINGLE TIME you turn the page or want to use the page on the opposite side which is very annoying for me even . I think even in a year when she will be able to do that by herself she would get bored with it very easily and just move on to something else . I say wait until they are ready for the step-up version Leap Pad .
 A lot of reviewers who were disappointed with this product thought it would be better for a 2 year old . I purchased this toy for my daughter when she was 20 months and she is a little over 2 years old now . I was excited to find a LeapFrog learning pad for her age . Unfortunately , we have not had a good experience.First of all , we use it together . I was not sure when I bought it whether she would be able to use it by herself , but once we opened it , it was immediately clear that we would need to use it together . However , even using it together has been frustrating . I think your experience with this toy is likely to depend on your child.My daughter is very independent , bright and active . As many other reviewers have pointed out , the on/off button in the front is too tempting for a manic button pusher . My daughter also flips the pages of the books back and forth constantly . You press a `` go '' spot on each page to let the toy know which page you are on . No sooner do I press the `` go '' button on a page , but my daughter has flipped to a new page . It is frustrating to lose her attention before I can even get the toy working . The `` go '' button concept is too difficult for her to understand at this age.Also , the toy has set responses that are too long - the toy asks a question , your child pushes a picture , and the toy plays a set reponse . My daughter presses the correct answer , the toy keeps talking about her `` good job '' , but she has pressed two other pictures since . It 's a little confusing . She does n't understand that the toy is still talking about something she pressed two pictures ago . It 's hard to wait for the toy to finish talking when you are anxious to move on.The funny thing is that my daughter acts completely differently when I read to her from books . With books , she sits quietly in my lap in rapt attention . I ask her questions and she nods or answers . She does n't flip the pages , except on rare occasions to check something that she remembers seeing previously or if she is very tired and has a short attention span . Perhaps the interactive nature of the LeapFrog toy encourages her to press and flip everything , or perhaps she is just bored with the whole thing . I am going to leave the LittleTouch pad on her shelf , to see if she has more patience for us to use it together when she 's closer to 21/2 or 3 . I purchased several of the companion cartridges as well . There is one that is very simple - Let 's Get Busy Baby - which probably would be more satisfying for an 18-month-old than the story cartridge that comes with the toy . However , that particular cartridge is too simplistic for a 2-year-old .
 Came scratched up missing pieces and no instructions !! I just tossed it in the garbage would have been a waste of time trying to return !! Definitely wo n't use this buyer EVER again !!! When I contacted the buyer about this product they were very rude !!
 I got this toy for $ 20 at a yardsale thinking it was a good deal . I ca n't imagine paying $ 100 for it new . Maybe my 14 month old son will grow into it , but right now it is n't really working out . I agree with other reviewers that said this is n't a toy a child can play with on their own . However , I even have a difficult time walking him through it . He loves sitting down with books and could sit on my lap and listen to 10 books in a row no problem , but he is too interested in pushing the buttons on this toy . Most of the time he hits the on/off switch and if he turns it off , then I have to go through the process of turning it on , hitting the go button and selecting my setting all before he turns it off again . We have n't gotten through two pages of any book yet.I think this will probably work for young babies -LRB- < 9 months -RRB- because they can usually sit still without pushing all the buttons . Might also work for older toddlers -LRB- > 2 years -RRB- , but I do n't know because we 're not there yet.One thing I will say is that I disagree with the reviewers that say the books tear easily . These are the indestructible kind of books that have paper-like pages , but ca n't tear . These are so durable , I will probably just pull the books out and let my son play with those alone for now . That might make it worth the $ 20 I paid .
 this seems like a marvelous toy , but we have been quite disappointed in it . My son received it last Christmas and it has never been a big hit . it is just too difficult for a child under 3 to understand the concepts of changing settings , pressing the `` go '' circle each time you turn the page and of course little hands are going to pull the story book cards out . frankly , likes his Clifford the Big Red Dog regular books much better . Think very seriously before you invest , because of course it only comes with one book . wish we has skipped this one .
 It is too hard for my son to push on the page -LRB- especially in the middle -RRB- . He gets very frustrated with the toy and spends most of the time pressing on/off .
 I was very impressed by rhe features of the product , and decided to try it out for my 11 month girl . Now , even at 21 months , she finds it difficult to press . The cartridge is easily removable , so most of the time , she just takes it out and presses the on off switch . Its fun , only when I press the pictures on the book , so that they make sound . It ca n't be called little touch - its better being called mummy touch leappad . . The product has not lived up to the expectation . My friend bought it , and her baby also is not enjoying it all .
 The idea for this product is great . But you have to push down so hard on the board for it to work . I 'm very disappointed . My 1 year old prefers to play with the Fischer-price touch board instead.My 3 year old loves the writing leap pad ... that one is a winner .
 You know that feeling that you get when you 're driving and someone zooms up from behind at warp speed and starts tailgating you ? Well , take that feeling and apply it towards education and the result is this toy . Besides having terribly difficult areas to push on the page , the thing wants your child to answer the question NOW NOW NOW DOITDOITDOIT PRESS IT NOW . The only shared experience this will give between parent and child is aggravation . Actually sitting down and reading a book with your child and asking simple context questions is more relaxing , rewarding , and cheaper than this totally useless -LRB- and expensive -RRB- piece of garbage . -LRB- And I do agree with one of the previous reviewers in saying the only redeeming quality in this thing is that it is durable , which is good , since the common reaction to it seems to be wanting to throw it across the room . -RRB-
 We love the leap Frog toys we bought this for our 2 year old son thinking he could use it in the car or mommy and me time but I was so wrong all he wants to do is turn it off and on they really need to put the botton in another place so it is not right out infront of the child .
 I bought this with some of my 2 year olds birthday money ... totally an impluse buy ! It was in the center isle and I am familiar with the Leap Frog products ... so I thought this would be perfect . As a teacher and mother , I value educational toys . My son loves to look through books and talk about what he sees . However , he does not like to sit through any story -LRB- no matter how short -RRB- . I thought this toy would be great to do together . Like many other reviews , I found the pages hard to press . I was really interested in the activity cards , but they kept sliding around when my son tried to press the pictures -LRB- I told him to press hard -RRB- . He just turned 2 and when I explained that he had to touch the go and the light bulb , he understood . He kept pushing go , light bulb , go , light bulb , go ... he wiggled a little to the music , but that was it . I have noticed with this and other toys -LRB- i.e. Neurosmith Big Block , and Music Blocks -RRB- to never spend this much money on a single toy . I think with some more time , my son will learn to play with this toy and enjoy it ... but it is definitely not worth the cost . Especially when you consider the extra cost for additional cartridges .
 Although the idea of this toy is a great one it really is n't designed for young children . It advertises for babies and toddlers , however , this is not the case once you get it home . The trick to getting the pages to coordinate with the vocal reader is to make sure that the GO button is pushed when you turn the page . The button is located to the side of each page , however , anyone who can teach a busy child to touch that button -LRB- and hard enough -RRB- every time they turn the page has my vote for parent of the year . What ends up happening is that the child keeps turning pages , but the sounds do not follow along and suddenly your child is pointing at a dog and the voice is saying -- Great that 's the color blue ! -- They could have done a better job with this one.I brought it back the next day ...
 I bought this item for my daughters first birthday and what a DISAPPOINTMENT ! The on and off buttons are in the absolute worst place on top and in the front . What baby does n't like to push buttons ?!?! So she is constantley turning it on and off . Then once we do get started the talking takes forever and she has already lost interest . Also , the touch pages are hard for her as you need to push it right on the `` sensitive part of the picture '' .
 We have many Leap Frog products that we are happy with but this is n't one of them . It is to hard for a child to follow or interact with . You have to hold the pages down to keep young hands from turning to the wrong page . There are to many options to touch which makes it hard for a child to follow . It just does n't flow very well . Our daughter just wants to push the On/Off button . We both get much more out of siting down and reading a book the old fashion way .
 we recieved this toy as a gift for our 6 month old daughter . What a waste ! It is impossible for her to use it on her own . It requires direct firm preassure placed exactly on the censors . I had a hard time getting it to respond ! So she can bang on it all day and nothing happens . So she just crumples the pages to death and eventually flings it . Do n't bother with this toy . It brings nothing but frusturation .
 I bought this for my son for christmas when he was 14 months old . He never really liked it . You have to push the pages to hard for them to say anything . my son is now 2 and he still cant really get them to say anything . I think Really an adult has to be the one to push the buttons so that makes the kids upset because they cant get the book to say anything . I really would recomend not wasteing your money on this . It is kinda expensive .
 My son received this as a gift when he was about 10 months old . He 's now almost 2 and still does not use it . He 'll sit on my lap and I can use it with him , but I 'd rather read a regular story to him . I think in another year he may be more into it .
 I bought this for my 15 month old son and I hate it . The activity cards and books do n't attach well enough , so my son ends up pulling them off . I would advise against buying this product .
 If your kid is like mine , he knows what buttons do ... press it and it does something . Unfortunately , the only `` button '' on this toy is the On/Off and Volume button . As for the rest of the `` touch '' features , it requires a very strong touch to get any results . I do not recommend this toy for a toddler ... it 's not a play on your own type toy ... it requires an adult to press the leappad and get the story moving . Also , the book pages are a bit flimsy and rip/bend easily , making it difficult to fit them properly into the leappad .
 I am a big fan of Leap Frog products - we have many . I was surprised and disappointed to find that this does not live up to the company 's reputation . The pad is hard to activate . It does n't need a `` little touch '' at all , it needs a very firm push from an adult . The settings are confusing and the pages are too thin . Even though this product is not a good one , the company makes many other great products .
 I was a little disappointed with this product . I have a now one year old and an 8 year old . My 8 yr . old has had the LeapPad for a couple of years and we love it . My 1 yr . old has had the LittleTouch LeapPad since he was 6 mos . and although the stories are cute and fun , the books themselves are no good . I 'm not sure what they were thinking when they made these . They are flimsy paper books for babies ! Babies who like to chew , crinkle , tear , and drool on to say the least . I wish they would consider atleast laminating the pages . So if your baby does n't grab at anything then this toy is great for you , otherwise its not !!
 I bought it for my daughter when she was 10 months old . Initially , she was always able to take the activity cards and the book out of it . So , I put it away for a while and then took it out again when she turned one . Now , she can even take the cartridge out . She loves books and spends much time of the day flipping through picture books or asking me to read them to her . This toy is a great idea but I ca n't get her to use it the way its supposed to be used . She keeps on wanting to flip pages and gets impatient because the narration does n't follow her . I thought that may be the powertouch system from Fisher Price may be better for her , but I just saw that it also has bad reviews . I guess , I just need to keep reading to her myself .
 We have purchased several Leapfrog products for our son who is now 17 months old . This is the most disappointing product we own . My son enjoys the book but becomes very impatient with having to wait for me to push the GO button . There are also times when he touches something and it hits the GO on another page or it accidentally changes the setting . There are times when he starts to really enjoy the book but then he 'll become frustrated with one of it 's many flaws . When we purchased this product we bought several books to go along with it . I opened most of them the day we bought it . The other day I returned the only one that we did n't open . Overall I 'm just very disappointed in this product . I would n't recommend it to anyone . It 's just not worth it .
 Who was stupid enough to make the pages so thin and easily rippable for such little ones ??? They are just made from paper . Do n't we buy board books for very small kids so the pages do n't get ruined ? Also the buttons are very hard to push .
 I got this for my son when he was 14 months . It is not a toy -LRB- at that age or younger -RRB- that you will be able to give to them to play with.Having to press ` go ' everytime you turn a page is a pain and in narration mode the music plays too long after pressing go , before the narration starts . By then my son is ready to turn the page.My son is not really interested in this toy . I expect as he gets older he may like it better.As far as using it for a younger child as a way to read books , I think it is much more beneficial for them to hear your voice then to use something like this.Save your $ $ and get him one of the other Leap Frog toys when he is older !
 This toy is meant to be played with by the child and parent together -LRB- and I think that is one of the nice things about it -RRB- . However , because of the design bungles , it ends up being a toy the parent plays while the child watches -LRB- grrrrrr ... -RRB- :1 -RRB- Children in suggested age range do n't have enough finger strength for the book sensors to pick up .2 -RRB- On/Off switch too enticing and the kids will constantly hit it . Unlike the activity sensors , the on/off switch is plenty sensitive to a childs light touch . Should have been put on the back although , placing several layers of ductape over it can effectively bring it to a point where only an adult would be able to turn it off .3 -RRB- the books are flimy and the inserts are difficult to keep in place with busy hands present.I have other toys by Leapfrog and most have been high quality . A company that specializes in educational toys with as much depth and reputation as Leapfrog should be embarrassed to put something so poorly designed on the market . There are better educational toys out there . Bye bye !
 Reading with any toddler is an activity that parents and kids should do together . At this age , `` reading '' is all about pointing , asking questions and finding items in the pictures . This product attempts to take the parents ' place in that equation and fails miserably . It simply ca n't interact with a child in a truly productive way and actually inhibits a parent 's attempts to join-in by interrupting with questions and instructions that very quickly become repetative and irritating . This was chosen as a gift by my eighteen-month-old 's grandparents because she truly adores reading books , but unfortunately there is no real carry through . It is so frustrating to see her stare blankly at this product as it jingles away . The only features she truly likes are the on/off button and the volume button , which were poorly placed on the front of the toy , given the target age group . Please please , spend your money on real books instead -- a much better investment .
 My child received this gift as a Christmas present and at first I was very excited for her as the toy seemed a great learning tool . However , the pages in the books are very flimsy and when the book is inserted into the tabs it either falls out or is easily pulled out by my toddler which rather defeats the purpose . Also , this toy is NOT durable at all . In order to make it work you have to push very hard on the pictures which after a few weeks of use resulted in the toy `` stuttering . '' Also , like any toy a child has it 's been dropped and bumped , so now it goes off randomly on its own with just pieces of a song before it jumps and goes to a different sound.A couple of pluses , if your child is a bit older and has the patience to sit with you and let you turn pages , hit the `` go '' button , and listen to the explanation for the pictures then this is a good toy . The pad , without the books , has an amazing number of songs in its memory which keeps it from becoming annoying even without the books . However , if your child is constantly on the go , loves turning and flipping pages , and prefers banging on things to listening to them -LRB- which describes most 18 - 24 month olds I 've met -RRB- then maybe this is n't the right toy for them .
 I wish this Leap Pad had lived up to its potential ! I was so excited when it came out just in time for my 3rd child . My older two had greatly enjoyed Leappad products , and I was eager to start my youngest on them too . I bought the Little Touch and 3 book sets right away . My daughter was too young at first to try them . I first gave it a try when she was 6 months , and she had no interest . So I tried again at 9 months . This time she was VERY interested , but it was a totally frustrating time for her . She caught on right away she needed to touch the pages , but no matter how hard she tried , she could n't touch hard enough . She broke into tears after a short time . I tried touching for her , but she has little interest in books unless she can hold and mouth them . She tried holding the pages , and badly wrinkled several of them . It 's not really a fun learning experience when you are constantly saying `` no '' ! I do like the whole idea of this product , and I think that if they overcame some of the engineering problems , it would be quite nice . I like the different levels , so that you can just hear music , or hear simple phrases , or hear the whole book . The activity cards included with each book also seem a bit more heavy duty than the regular books , but they too greatly frustrated us in terms of being touchable!I also question including Where the Wild Things Are as one of the books . I love the book , and my sons do too , but it 's NOT a baby book -- it 's probably fine for 3 and up , but not really something a baby would relate to . I think it 's a choice to draw in parents , not babies.I might try the similar Fisher-Price product if I can find it for a low price . Sorry , Leap Pad !
 We saw this and thought , `` how neat , we can get our 6month old interested in reading and it will be a cool sharing time '' . We were naive . Our 6month old , and now 10month old , just does n't get the interactive book thing yet . She is however very interested in pulling the book off the LeapPad and putting it in her mouth . She also likes to bang the LeapPad with other toys . My recommendation
 Our eighteen month old RIPPED the pages on these books ! Now , why would Leap Frog , usually a great company , make a baby book from paper pages ??? Our baby also turns the book on and off constantly . There should be a switch that only parents can turn it on/off .
 This item is a great concept , however , there are several things that need to be corrected . There needs to be a sliding protective cover over the margins that house the green `` go '' button . My 20 month old keeps pressing the `` go '' button but will also press in the spaces above and below the green go , in the margin , which changes the page we are on and confuses everyone involved . She also likes to flip the pages - a sliding/locking contraption might help these two problems.Secondly , the on/off button and the volume buttons need to be on the side of the Leappad preventing little fingers from pushing them repeatedly.There is also an icon on each page of the Pooh book that allows you to change the level at which you are operating the machine . This should be located off the book to the side of the machine.I enjoy reading with the voice of the Leappad and playing the games with my toddler - when she is n't interested in playing with the green go button . I 'm sure that once she enters her second year and understands the concept of the LeapPad she and I will fully enjoy it as we do with the `` My First Leappad '' our 4 year old has .
 My daughter got this as a Christmas gift when she was 15 months old . I was so excited because I thought it was the cutest thing and could n't wait to sit with her and read and listen to the stories . Well , now 6 months later , we have yet to ` enjoy ' this book . The on/off switch and volume buttons being on the top is not a smart idea -- these are the only part of the book my daughter even cares about ! Each time , I 'd try to sit with her and look at the book , I would turn it on and pick my setting -LRB- there are 3 options -RRB- and then her little hand would go up and push the on/off button and I 'd hear the thing say `` Bye-Bye '' -- talk about frustrating ! I am hoping that when she gets older , she can enjoy this but for now , it sits in her toy box until she drags it out and flips through the pages and turns it on and off.I truly wish I had returned it and gotten something else .
 My daughter received this as a gift last Holiday -LRB- she was 18 months old -RRB- due to the `` raves '' of another shopper . She loves books and electronic things . Well , now she 's 21/2 and has very little interest in this due to many reasons ... 1 -RRB- too many `` steps '' to get started ; 2 -RRB- she just pushes the on/off button thinking it 's the green `` go '' button ; 3 -RRB- this `` little touch '' is way too hard for her . She pushes and pushes and nothing . I have to push very hard for anything to make a sound . This is ONLY a parent/child electronic book . And when you have a 21/2 year old , she wants to do everything herself . So , now this `` expensive '' book is now going in the `` giveaway '' pile .
 This is very hard to use for the recommended age 6 months to 3 years . It is heavy and the books are flimsy and can tear fast . My daughter hardly ever touched this thing . We just got her the `` My first leappad '' and she loves that one -LRB- she is 2 -RRB- . It is smaller and a lot easier to handle . The little touch leap pad was a waste of money . Just read a book to your little one or talk to your little one about pictures in the books and you 'll be much better off .
 I love Leapfrog toys . My daughter loves all the ones we have and they are educational and durable . This toy was my first choice to take with us on vacation for the hotel and the plane . What a mistake . The concept is very good however many things need improvement . The books that you use with this have thin cardboard pages . My daughter had destroyed a few pages in a week . Also when you turn on the page you have to press go for the reader to know which page your on . This frustrated my daughter who would turn pages and touch the pages only to have it reading the previous page . She had a little more fun with the card that is included with the book but it occupied her for a very short while . My daughter likes to do things on her own so even when I tried to help her with this we ended up more frustrated than anything . We then went out and bought the Fisher Price Learn Through Music and have had much success with it instead . We are saving this for when my daughter is a little older and will be able to control this better . It is a very good toy but I feel it is better suited to children old enough to exhibit the patience this toy requires to properly play with it . my daughter is almost 2 and very smart but this was one toy that truly frustrated and upset her to the point where she 'd throw it aside and play with something else .
 This product appeals more to the parents than to the babies and the quality is unacceptable . When my baby finally got old enough to play with it -LRB- toddler -RRB- it only worked a few weeks before it broke . The same malfunction that we subsequently had with the ` My First LeapPad ' . When you insert a correct LeapPad cartridge , the unit beeps and says `` this is not a Leapfrog cartridge '' . The Leapfrog products are JUNK ... . do n't buy it . I made the mistake twice to buy Leapfrog products and hope that someone will learn from my mistakes and not buy their products .
 Our son , now one year old , has liked the leap pad since we got it several months ago . He pushes the buttons to hear the music and sound effects . However he also is fascinated by the slot where the sound card is inserted . He keeps pulling out the sound card which makes it hard to read the books to him . If Leap Frog designed this to secure the sound card then our son might not be distracted by pulling it out so much .
 My daughter is 20 months old and has always loved books , so it seemed like the perfect Christmas gift . Unfortunately it has n't been a good toy because she wants to turn the pages and it 's pretty easy to take the book straight out of the Leap Pad . I keep hoping that may be she 'll grow into it , but not so far . I 'd suggest just getting some `` old fashioned '' children 's books and go with those .
 I bought this when I found it packaged with the Lulu Letter Spinning Spider . Unfortunately , my daughter does n't care for the system itself . She knows where the button is to turn it on and off so she does that a few times . Sometimes you have to pull around at the book to be able to press and get a sound to come which is a pain . You 'd think it would have been made better to allow no flaws with touching the images on the book . I was actually disapointed with the product and bought a few books with it . My daughter is almost 2 so maybe later she 'll take more interest in it . For now , she sticks with regular books.UPDATE
 I give this item 2 stars only because I think it 's probably appropriate for year 21/2 and up - but then so is the original Leap Pad . Unfortunately , I purchased this leap pad for my 2 year old for use on a long car trip . Other parents had raved about how their children played with Leap Frog units and were even more engaged than by a DVD . So , when I bought this instead of the portable DVD player my husband recommended for our trip and my son kicked his seat for the remaining five hours ... I ate a lot of crow . The operation should be simpler . First , the child has to turn it on , them make sure they press another lightbulb key and then the green button on the page -LRB- the last two take more strength and dexterity than most children have -RRB- . My son turned the pad on and off and took the cartridge in and out . A few months later , with our help , he can follow along . But then , he can do that with a good old-fashioned book for a lot cheaper . They also need to add greater book selections . At this age , he wants characters he is familiar with .
 My 18 month old daughter all it does with it it 's turn it off and on . You have to start all over again once it 's turned off , so it is very anoying !!!!!!! They shuold have not left the on/off button so visible for the children . It is very irritating . You have to be with your child at all times while playing with it , because it makes them frustrating not to be able to star it again once they turn it off .
 I bought this product for my son when he was nine months old . The box says ages 6-36 months , WRONG . What were they thinking making those paper pages . I do n't know about anyone else but my son likes to tear pages and try to eat them . Is n't that why they make board books for infants . I was one of the unfortunate ones and like so many others trusted leap frog so I threw the box away . So we still have this worthless toy -LRB- my son is now 15 months -RRB- I do n't think we have touch it since . The only ok thing about this product is the activity cards .
 The Little Touch Leap Pad is a perfect example of a toy with a great concept that does n't quite translate as well to reality . It 's potential as an education toy is really astonishing , however , it may not be well suited for a very active child . If your child enjoys sitting still and watching a demonstration then this may in fact be the perfect toy for you . Our 15 month old daughter loves being read to but is way too curious and involved to sit back and watch me have all the fun.The biggest problem is in the book design . The pages are not as durable as they need to be . I could see after only a brief enounter with the my child vs. the toy that they would be torn in no time . It is n't toy that a toddler can operate on their own . Adults are needed to change cartridges , books , activity cards etc. . This is great , we love interacting with our child , however , adults are also required to set up each page for play . There are a series of buttons that have to be pushed -LRB- in the correct order -RRB- to activate the features on each page . Our daughter was way too excited to see what was on the next page to wait for the `` set-up '' , therefore the activities never corresponded with the page she was on , making it 's educational value useless.The on and off button is on the front of the pad . Since it says `` bye-bye '' when pressed , she did enjoy turning the toy off repeatedly while we were trying to show it to her . We had to resort to holding the toy up out of her reach so we could make it operate properly . Since this defeats the purpose of playtime - back to the store it went . It is too costly , especially when you factor in accessories , for it to not function more smoothly.This may be an ideal toy for you . Just consider your child 's personality carefully before you spend the money .
 I bought this for my son 's 1st birthday because I thought it would be a great educational toy . I found it to be very hard to operate . It took alot of pressure to push the buttons . I would think if a 6 month old is suppose to be able to operate it , then the touch pad would work with a feather touch . You really have to press hard to get it to respond . Also , as other have said , the books are paper . My 1 year old will destroy it in a heart beat . Needless to say , I am returning it .
 We received this as a Christmas gift and were very dissapointed . We have an active 14 month old and he was not impressed with this . The story can only be told by pushing `` GO '' on each page and did not move quickly enough for him . I think we will stick with good old board books !
 The manufacturer 's description of this product is VERY misleading as it suggests use by infants as young as six months old.My son is fifteen months old , and still not interested in this toy . For us it was a complete waste of money . Our money was much better spent on the Leap Frog table - which he loves and is very well designed for toddlers.The pages are too flimsy - and should be boardbook-style to be used by such young children , as when they try to turn the page , it is more likely to bend or crumple than turn . We read stories to our son every night - which he loves - and he turns the pages on all his board books and points to the pictures.The buttons are quite hard to activate on the page - and not designed with very small children in mind.I think my son might like this when he is much older - but not for now . Right now , he just likes to bang on it , rip the book apart , and pull off the cushion on the back !
 I was really excited about this learning toy . But I have been so frustrated that my son spends the entire time hitting the ON/OFF button . He loves books , but does n't translate that love into using this toy . I think that the idea is good , but maybe the concept is just to far beyond this age group . There is nothing I can do with it beyond listening to the on/off music and voice over and over . Really , there is better value in a regular book that you go through with your toddler . If this product was to receive a better rating , then they need to put the on/off in the back where it can be disguised . I 've been so put off that I do n't know if I 'd give any of their other products a try , or if I 'd just waste my money again .
 I wish I had seen these other reviews before I purchased this product . The pages are flimsy and my 22 month doesnt understand how he needs to push the `` go '' button on each page . Its very frustrating for him . Im going to look for a book that senses when the page is turned .
 We bought this for our son at 6-months and then it it was nice because it was great for story time to hear music and soundscapes . However , it was no more fun -LRB- or animated -RRB- than when we read our paper books with lots of sound effects . Now he 's 16-months and only turns it on and off because the touch pad is too difficult to activate for little fingers . His favorite book to hear is `` Mr. Brown can Moo can You '' . This is a great book with lots of sounds but my son ca n't get it to work on his own . So this toy is only good when I am playing with him . In that case , I prefer to cuddle up with a good old fashioned hard bound Mr Brown and make my own `` Moo '' . I should have waited for the other leap pads . I hear they 're great .
 My son has had this since he was 6 months old - now he is 17 months old and has never had any interest in it . He loves books but not this . Would rather just get $ 35 worth of books you can use for years and years .
 First off , my son -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- could easily bend the pages -LRB- not designed for the age group they say -RRB- . Also , the power button is in an easy access area for little fingers , I think he had more fun turning it off and on then anything else . I also found pushing the items was actually quite difficult for his little fingers . But to top off my BAD experience , my son dropped the Little Touch LeapPad on the floor -LRB- as toddlers will often do -RRB- and now the volume is VERY hard to hear and does not turn up . I emailed Leapfrog regarding this problem as well as calling them , I never received a reply , the toy is now in the garbage .
 This toy has the potential to be an excellent learning tool . The picture portrays a child playing/reading by herself , however , this just ca n't happen . It is too difficult for a child to determine which thing to push and the order to push things . It requires a great deal of patience ... many times not a good option for a baby ! The durability is less than desired . One minute with a baby alone and the pages are wrinkled or torn . I love to read with my son , but if you are looking for something to leave your child with , this is NOT it .
 My son was given this toy as a gift for his first birthday . I rated it the lowest that the site would allow but it really deserves zero stars . I ca n't see how this toy is made for 12 month old children none the less for 6 month olds . The books are made of regular paper which means my son can look but not touch . It seems to me that toys should be created to be child friendly yet this toy is anyhting but . It is difficult for little ones to use and as I mentioned the books rip very easily . The add on books are arrroximately 10.00 and certainly not worth the money . When I initially unwrapped this gift I was very excited about building an entire library of add on books until I opened the box and realized this item is a piece of garbage . I tried to return the item but without a gift reciept toys r us will not take it back . I would not be surprised if this item was discontinued very soon as for us it is sitting in my garage on a shelf collecting dust .
 I LOVE Leap Frog products . I have 2 older children and have always found Leap frog products to be wonderful educational tools . When my little one turned 1 I put this on the top of my wish list without hesitation . I was wrong . I ca n't believe that Leap frog is the maker of this toy . You can not touch anywhere on the screen accept the small , pencil size area to make it work . When my little girl tried to `` help '' mommy and touch the book as well it would take us to a page some where else . The toys is not child friendly . The box also says that the pages are for young children ... does the writer of these words have children as my daughter would have them in pieces in a matter of minutes . Need less to say I returned the toy today . I would n't waste my money or time on this one !
 I purchased this for my daughter who loves books and story time . But frankly , we do not like this product . The pages crumple easily , she ca n't turn them herself , and she gets easily frustrated . Plus , a little drool or an exicted lick -LRB- yes , she licks books in her excitement -RRB- and the page is wrinkly and hard to use . I would really like this product if the pages were sturdier and laminated . But we rarely use it because it frustrates her and she 'd rather me read a book she can lick .
 My 12 month old gets extremely excited when I bring this toy out for her , as she loves books and music , but SHE wants to turn the pages and the whole concept is just over her head . Maybe if the pages were more durable it would help but I think this is a toy that we will keep on the shelf for the most part until she is a bit older .
 My daughter got this book as a Christmas gift since she loves books . We pulled it out of the box and started to play right away . She lost interest really quickly . I thought it was maybe because of all the other toys , but she has never really gained interest . It is very poorly made with the paper pages . She likes to turn the pages herself which either pulls the book out or she presses one of the go buttons for another page . I feel that Leap Frog should have definitely made this book so it knew which page it was on without having to press a button . A one year old does not want to sit still long enough to wait for the right page to be activated . Since she is used to all of her other books , she didnt even understand that the pages would do something even after being showed numerous times . The only feature that she really liked was that it said `` good-bye '' when you turn it off . She also enjoys using it as a step stool . I found better success just reading her the story and not even bothering to turn it on . I would have preferred the fisher price version . It seems more toddler compatible .
 My son received this as a Christmas gift when he was 9 months old . I read the directions , put it together , and sat my baby in my lap , ready to read . Unfortunately , as soon as I turned it on , my baby got excited and started grabbing at the book . It came right out . Having put it back in its place , I tried again . My baby banged the LeapPad in different places , and it kept changing settings or pages . The only way to effectively make it through the story was for me to push all of the buttons while keeping his hands off the book . This only frustrated him , and the experience was not nearly as enjoyable or educational as one might expect.I decided to hold off on the books for a few months and try the LeapPad activity cards , which are supposed to be geared more for independent play . Like the books , it took my baby all of two seconds to pull them off . The manufacturer needs to improve the design of this product so that the cards can not be so easily removed.Overall , I was very disappointed with this product . I have other high-quality products by LeapFrog , so I was quite surprised by the multiple design flaws in the LeapPad . This product simply demonstrates what I believe to be true - that no electronic gadget can replace the pure and simple magic of reading real books with your child .
 When this 1st came out I was so excited , I purchased all 6 of the additional books sets and could n't wait for my daughter to be old enough to play with it ! Well , now that my daughter is old enough , I 'm really disappointed . You have to press down really hard to get the areas you want to work . So hard I ca n't imagine a young toddler being able to do so . It frustrates my daughter so much that she now just grabs my hand and puts it to the picture she wants me to press down on . As all toddlers do , she loves to turn the book on and off . Not good for this since it looses all information on what level you are on and you must push the green go circle on every page , needless to say the only thing my daughter can do is turn the book on and off ! The books are cute and have a lot of neat sounds and saying , it 's just right now this just absolutely frustrates my daughter ! We are much happier with Mattel 's Learn Through Music .
 This thing is the worst toy EVER invented . I wan na teach my kid how to read by myself instead of watching her by herself . She had nightmares for 8 WEEKS over that thing ! NEVER BUY THIS !!!!!
 My daughter received this as a gift when she was 15 months old . At the time I did n't know if she was too old for it or too young because all she wanted to do was take the book off or push the on/off button on the leap pad . She did n't want me to do the button pushing for her , but she was n't able to do it herself . She prefered to look at and have me read her the books all by themselves when they were out of the leap pad . She is now 2 years old and she took it out of the closet the other day . I had to listen to the on/off button say `` bye bye '' over and over and over . She put a book in but not the right cartridge . This frusterated her but she did n't want me to do it for her . The toy has again been pushed to the side . I hope she will like it again when she is older so it wo n't be a complete waste . I suggest ... read to your kids , this thing is a joke .
 I agree with many of the other reviews . My 21 month old only pushes the on off . When I get it out he asks for other books . I am starting to try in with my 6 month old , though so maybe she will get the idea of it sooner . It 's quite an initial investment and new books are about 13 dollars . Also , now it comes in pink and blue so if you are color trendy , you may have to have two if you have a boy and girl !! Also , Leap needs to MOVE the on/off button to the back and make it a switch . This is the most dissapointing of all my Leap toys , and I ca n't wait for my son to `` graduate '' to the next pad .
 I 'm SOOOOOOO dissapointed !! I 've been looking forward to giving this to my 22 month old son for Christmas and when we got it out and batteries in it , he was excited as well.We were so sad to find out that it 's not as simple as letting them play with it.The thing that makes this item no good is that you have to keep hitting that darn go button on each page ! And if the page is crooked at all then you ca n't find ` just the right spot ' that the go button is supposed to be on . He is too little to know how to do that every time he turns a page , and too old to sit and be patient while I try and try to find it.Then there are the different levels that have to be re-set on each page ... . Then some pages require the light bulb to be pushed . UGH . Too much to have to do to make it work !! AND the cards do n't stay in ! Not the books , which Do stay in , but the cards.Maybe we just got a bum set , but I 'm going to take this back . It 's a great idea , but just not for the younger crowd . What they SHOULD have done was make it automatically know what page it was on just by turning the page . -LRB- Like on the Leap Table -RRB-
 I thought this item was cool cause it was for the youngsters . BUt my son is 16months old and all he wants to do is press that on/off botton and rip the pages out . So i would probably be for 3 and older . i wish i woudl of thought of that before i baught it . it was a good thought
 My son got this as a Christmas gift at 18 mos . - a great concept , but waaay too difficult for that age . My 3 year old daughter enjoyed it more . The touch pad is slow to respond or nonresponsive unless you tap it just right . I know this is marketed as the beginning Leap Pad for the youngest of toddlers , but it 's better to wait and get My First Leappad for 3 year olds and up , a much better toy .
 I got this Leapad for my 18 month old . Because she loves reading and me reading to her , I thought this would be great . When we sit down to use the leapad she trys to sit on it . I think she likes the little pillow because she turns the toy over and sits on this side too . The go button must be pushed when turning the page , but my little one hardly lets me help and turn the page . She does however enjoy the cards that come with the toy defining numbers , colors , etc. . I use them without the leapad and read to her myself . I was very disappointed .
 I bought the LeapFrog Little Touch Pad for my son when he was 18 months . He showed NO interest in anything except for turning the touch pad on and off . The on/off button is right on the front of the machine and in perfect reach for them . If LeapFrog were smarter , they would have made the on/off a switch on the side or the back , but no ... right there on the front in bright green . He could have cared less about listening to the story or pressing the green go circle on each page . -LRB- which are hard for them to press on their own -RRB- I just sold mine on ebay for alot less . Save your money . Its a nice idea , they just dont have the attention span at that age .
 I bought this for my son when he was 6 mos . old . He had absolutely no interest in it . At 20 mos . he has some interest but only to turn the on/off switch to hear ` bye bye ' or try and tear out the pages . It requires you to press hard on the characters to hear anything , which is not within his patience or strength level . I will put this away for another 6 mos . and try again !
 I recenltly bought this for my niece for her birthday . As soon as we took out of the box I was ready to take it back . Her little fingers could n't even press the thing . The only thing she plays with is the on/off button . I bought it because I thought it was a Leap Frog and their others toys are worth buying . But this one was a bad idea . I 'm thinking of getting her the Fisher Price Baby Touch . It 's more easier to use .
 As a Mom and reading teacher I bought this for my baby with high hopes of fun interactive reading time shared with my child . I was very upset when I actually used this toy with my child . The books are too long and flimsy and the toy is too hard to operate for a baby/young toddler . Do not even bother with this toy
 I have a 7 month old and a 22 month old so I thought they would both get some use out of it . This item needs a lot of work . The books are poorly made and the interactive parts are for parents , not children . Besides , there really are no good books to go along with the item -LRB- i.e. elmo , barney , thomas etc. -RRB- . I would suggest putting your money into something else .
 I bought this for my 19 month old son and was soooooo excited that they had developed one for his age group . Unfortunately , I 'll be returning it tomorrow . The main problem for us comes from the fact the on and off button and volume button are right on the front of the toy ! How is a toddler to know the difference between touching the book or the button ? It 's a button just dying to pushed to my son . He turns it on and off , on and off . And before we can continue with an actual activity , he has turned it off again ! I let him push it to his heart 's content thinking maybe he would get it out of his system , but he has n't . In addition , the activity cards -LRB- not the book -RRB- have a hard time staying in the pad when he touches them . He got excited with the music and pounded them , and everytime they fell out . The pages for the book are very thin , and although they are durable , they turn way too easily for a toddler , and then we are are on the wrong page for the activity ! All in all , I 'm really bummed we wo n't be keeping this . Maybe if he was older and had a little more motor control and the power button was on back it would work for us , but at that point I would have just bought the next pad in line !
 We bought this for our 23 month old who loves books after seeing a friend 's son play with his leappad . This is a toy that your child will probably not play with by themselves.Just pressing the pad requires too much force -LRB- even adults seemed to have trouble getting it to work -RRB- and understanding the `` press go '' concept with each page change is probably too advanced for this target age . Rather than just naming items the Little Touch gives each object a Ryming song or sound effect , Perhaps stimulating -LRB- read annoying -RRB- but actually less educational than the Leappad for the next age group . Or gives a challege but with no reward when properly answered.We traded our Little Touch in for My First Leappad figuring that if we were going to play with him we might as well get the older model and let him grow into it . He actually does better with the pen -LRB- because it works better -RRB- than with touching the pages . I would suggest that others do the same or stay with books . Our son loves `` The First Thousand Words '' by Osborn.For the age range they claim to be aiming for Leappad needs to make some big changes .
 Hello , For my baby 's first birthday , my aunt got her a cartridge for the Little Leap Pad thinking that she already had one , but she did n't . So I thought `` what a perfect reason to go shopping and get one ! `` I ran out to the store and got the leap pad , and another cartridge . I was so excited that as soon as I got home , I took it out of the box , and threw the box away -LRB- Hey - it 's Leap Frog , its going to be awesome ! so I thought -RRB- . First of all , I agree with everyone here that says that the things are very hard to press on the pages . I had a hard time doing it , so I could n't imagine Maddie doing it as hard as you have to before she is 3 ! Also , the speaker sounds like the speakers in my car when they are blown . I did n't think that this is high quality sound like the packaging says!My last complaint is that you have to press go everytime that you turn the page . What under 3 year old is going to understand this ? Oh wait - I lied , I have one more thing to say . I was confused when I was playing with it . There are so many activities on each page , and I did n't know when to go on to the next page!I am not at all happy with this toy . The day after I bought this , I decided to return it - but wait - I threw the box away ! Luckely we have a dumpster , so I made my husband go dumpster diving and get the box back . -LRB- The dumpster was pretty empty . Thank Goodness ! -RRB- So back to the store it went along with the games . I am going to wait until she is 3 and get the first leap pad . I think that that is a better one to start with.I think that reading to your child will have a better effect than this will . I do n't believe that this toy adds anything nor can it beat reading to your child.Thanks for reading this ;--RRB- .
 My 14 month old daughter can not use this toy alone and even with my assistance does n't hold her attention . My daughter is very bright and loves books & puzzles . We received this as a gift and I thought she might like it . She does n't . The puzzle is okay but the books are terrible ! The pages are EASY TO RIP , despite the manufacturer 's claim that they are tear resistant . The absolute worst part has to be the books , in fact . The buttons are just pictures on each page and you have to press them for the machine to recognize that you are on that page . Trust me , your child is n't going to understand that concept for quite some time ! My daughter loves to just flip the pages , and as such , the machine can not keep up . The books are flimsy and the machine is too big.I do not recommend this TOY or as the manufacturer says `` educational tool . ''
 Maybe my little girl is too little for this yet - she is 11 mos . However , it should have entered my mind that she could n't do this on her own . It will only work to some degree when I do it with her . However , it is frustrating for me because she only wants to rip at the pages . Maybe it would be better if they made it of the thick book type pages -LRB- cardboard -RRB- and put the sensors inside . I wish i had bought something else - I just remembered that my nephew had loved leap stuff - and my daughter loves her lily doll , but I would pass on this one .
 The books are not fixed , the sheet overlays rise up because they are bent in the middle , have to ` touch lightbulb ' then ` touch start ' to play then if the child hits either one of these 2 it stops . I bought this for my son 's 1 yr birthday and turns 3 this week , he has n't played with it for more than 5 minutes ever . I keep it hoping he will like it sometime . He 's a very bright child but would rather take the book off the pad and `` read '' it .
 This is a toy we never play with ! My daughter received this for Christmas last year when she was 11/2 years old . Now , at 21/2 she is still not strong enough to push the pictures to make the sounds . She pushes the on/off button a few times and tosses it aside . Keep your money and stick to good old fashioned books !
 I got the leappad with the pen for my older son and this one for my then 20 month old son . My 20 month old plays computer games all the time so I figured he 'd love this - it 's portable . Unfortunately , as many people have mentioned , the buttons were too hard to push - except for the on/off button which was the only thing played with . I made the mistake of waiting to take it back thinking maybe he 'll enjoy it more when he got older and it was easier to push . Now I 'm stuck with it and my two boys fight over the pad with the pen because it is much easier to use . The extra stars are for duribility - Every time I try to give to my son he throws it on the floor and the thing still works .
 I have found a lot of the complaints to be very accurate . The toy is expensive , the extra books are very expensive also . The on/off button is front and center which my 2 year old can not help but to keep pushing it as we read . It is irritating to have to start all over with the settings , and annoying to press the go button each page . Extremely difficult to push the pages , and with a child in the `` me do it '' stage - very frusterating . So much activity on each page , it becomes difficlt to stay focused on the book . The mans voice on the `` Guess how much I love you '' , is so slow , and not pleasant it is difficult to get to the end of the book . i understand that this should be a parent/child book - but I have 2 children and I bought the little leap pad , and the Fisherprice power touch , and they both fight over the power touch book . P.S. . The pages are supposed to be rip resistant , but didnt say anything about the pages wrinkle ... and stay wrinkled so now we have books that look horrible ! - and he wasnt even that rough with them .
 I did not expect my 7 month old to sit alone on the floor and play with this leap pad . I did expect the system to respond to her touch , it does not . My 3 year old has a my first leap pad that she really loves and has enjoyed playing with this first touch but my 7 month old only wants to bang on it and chew on the book pages . We have also had trouble keeping the cards in place . We have switched back to reading board books in mommys lap . This First Touch Leap Pad is a good idea it just needs a little more tweaking . I think the learning drum by leapfrog would be a better item for 6-18 month olds .
 We recently bought this for our 16 month old , and according to the package he should have no problem operating it . That is not the case however . He can not push the screen hard enough to make it do anything , then gets frustrated and starts beating on it -LRB- which by the way still does nothing -RRB- . We were very disappointed with this . We are taking it back today to get him the Fisher Price equivalent , at least that has Sesame Street cartridges he will enjoy .
 We got this for my son when he was about 18 months . He is now about to turn 3 . Over the last year I have pulled this toy out and tried to spark his interest in it , but it does n't grab his attention . The only thing he wants to do with it is hit the buttons - is n't that what buttons are there for ? I 'd recommend a toy that is meant to be PLAYED with , particularly for boys who love to press buttons . : -RRB- Also , I found that even when I would try it myself , I 'd get aggravated when the sounds did n't match up with what I touched . If you do n't do the correct `` set up '' when you insert a new book then it gets all screwed up . By that time your little one has already moved on.We have Baby Tad and still like to play with him , and will probably get the real Leap Pad -- it 's nothing against LeapFrog , I think their products are great . This one just does n't happen to be very practical .
 I have to agree with most of the parents here . I bought this product when my son was around 7 months and he did n't take ANY interest in it and still does n't now . he likes to listen to me read to him from other books and even turn the pages -LRB- he 's 1 now -RRB- , but this one just does n't hold his attention . I believe the pages should be heavier -LRB- a 6 month old can not turn flimsy pages ! -RRB- the buttons have to be pushed pretty hard as well and small hands ca n't do that either . leap frog seriously needs to work on this product and offer a call back or refund on this product .
 My daughter recieved this for Christmas and since she loves books I thought it would be a big hit , but I was quickly disappointed . As many of the other posts the pages arent that sensitive and her little fingers dont seem to activate it so I always find myself tapping behind her to get it to work , thus she is not enthused for very long.The books are not well made at all , we paid $ 12.99 for each extra book and it consist basically of a plastic spiral binding and flimsy pages . They claim the pages are drool and tear resistant , but that claim is false . My daughter tore 2 pages just trying to turn them.In my opinion for the price of the books you are better off going to Barnes and Noble and buying interactive story books with the old fashioned push button and speaker system attached to the side .
 The thought of this toy is great my daughter , 1 year old , and I could interact with the book and have fun . Well all she want to do is press the on and off button . Also it is very awkward to use . If you touch the wrong part of the page the computer will think that you are using a different book , and my daughter is constantly touching the wrong spots on the page . It needs to be more user friendly.For us it was a waste we never use it .
 Like the other reviewers mentioned , putting the on/off switch on the front is just asking for trouble . My 18-month old loved the Leap Pad , but only for this reason -- turning the switch on and off . He did n't understand , since there were no visible buttons , that pressing the pages of the book activated the sounds . Even once he caught on , he got frustrated because he pushed as hard as he could , and nothing happened . You really have to apply pressure to get the books to work.Hopefully , they 'll come out with a re-design of what I thought was a great idea ... but I would n't recommend getting what 's out there right now.Getting free interactive books online was a better bet !
 We finally threw this toy out today . After 18 months it 's broken and I feel like it was a waste of money . The screen was always very hard to press . My daughter was never interested in the narratives provided nor in following the `` script '' . She did like turning the off/on button as a previous reviewer mentioned . As far as interactive toys my 3 year old daughter now prefers a real computer and as there are loads of appropriate pre-school programs out there I do n't think we 'll be buying anything from the LeapPad brand in future .
 this toy basically takes up space in the toy box . most toys will at least attract some attention especially when it is electronic ... but not this one . generally i think this toy has been marketed at the wrong age group . the pad is more suitable for 3 years and up .
 I got this for my daughter when she was 18 months . I should have looked more closely before I bought it because I did n't realize the pages were paper . I just assumed they were laminated or plastic . She tore one page out within a couple days . She is now 2 and all the pages are all wrinkled up.I really really ca n't stand how long this thing takes to turn off . And being totally honest , comparing this to even her loudest toys , this one drives me the most nuts because it stays on forever . Ok , maybe 2 minutes , but seems like forever , especially when I have to come over and hold the off button myself , which has to be held down way longer than my daughter ever would.This toy is a good idea in theory , but I think they are just too young for it . It was way too expensive , and too fragile for this age group . I say just use board books until they are old enough for the more mature book readers .
 We bought this for my 1 year old daughter , she is now 21/2 and still does n't like it . The pages are too flimsy for a toddler . It is not age appropriate . I wish I would n't have gone out and bought alot of books until we tried it out . We love leap frog products , but this does n't hold her interest .
 My 21 month old daughter received this as a gift . She enjoyed playing with it until we tried to put another book it in . The book that it comes with fits securely in the unit , but the other books we bought for it do n't . At first I thought it was just the one we had , so I took it back to babies r us and had them try another one . 5 books later I decided to just return the unit as none of the books fit in mine or the new unit the store employee opened for me . I am very disappointed that there was no attention to detail put into the manufacturing of this product .
 This seemed to be a great idea so we purchased it for our 1 year old -LRB- he 's now almost 2 and still does n't like it -RRB- . It 's too hard for a child to press through the pages to activate the sounds so I have to do it . He wants to do it , but gets frustrated when he ca n't make the sounds come on . The stories and sounds are not interesting enough to keep him even mildly entertained . The most entertainment he gets from this toy is turning the on/off button on and off over and over and adjusting the volume level over and over . Was a nice idea , but it just does n't work . I consider the money I spent on the toy and all the cartridges to be a waste .
 My 10 month old son loves to sit and ` read ' with me . He lets me finish reading a page before turning to the next , etc. . So I was really excited about this purchase . But I should have spent the money on some additional board books instead.Benjamin pulls the book out of the holder when trying to turn the page and he just does n't have the strength necessary to activate any of the sounds , which is frustrating to him . He is happiest when I just let him chew on the book . I 'm hoping he will find it more interesting in a month or two .
 We got this a gift for my 15 mth old son and I ca n't wait to return it . I agree with the other reviewa , the buttons in the front are very distracting for toddlers . As for the pages , my son has already crumpled one book so it wo n't work anymore , they need to be more durable . My 41/2 year old even had trouble remembering to press the `` GO '' button everytime !! this product needs alot of work.Save yourself some frustration and buy the Learn Trough Music product instead , it is much easier to use and extreamly durable !
 I got this for my daughter when she turned one . She has had a hard time with since . She wants to do it herself and ca n't . I have tried to help her myself and its hard for me to do myself at times . My nephew who 's 4 had a better time playing with it . Pages rip easily .
 I bought the Little Touch when my daughter was 14 months . She immediately wanted to take the cartridge out . She spends more time taking that out , and the sheets off , rather than actually using it . I 've tried using it with her and have tried to get her excited about the pictures and the sounds , but she is drawn to the real buttons -LRB- on/off and volume -RRB- rather than the pretend buttons on the sheets . Sometimes she even uses it to stand on . She 's now 2 and has never enjoyed it . I 'll put it away and will try it again when she 's 3 and can understand what to do with it .
 My one year old received this item as a birthday gift . She is now 15 months old and still has shown only slight interest . To encourage her I bought `` lets get busy Baby '' as '' Bears in the Bedroom '' was really not exciting her . She still only wants to turn the pages which I fear will tear very soon . In fairness however ` Lets get busy baby ' has sparked more interest than the cartridge that came with the Little Touch . She has now learnt to press the on and off button but still not able to press the areas on the pages as they are too difficult for an infant . I will keep trying however .
 My son has got this toy when he was 9 months old and it has been a year now and he still will not touch it . I have tried several times to get him interested several times but he just does not understand the consept of hitting the go button and then touching each thing to get it to say something , the most progress we have had was him standing on it . I would not recomend it if you are interested in a leap pad for your child wait until they are old enough to comprehend what they need to do .
 You have to push down so hard to get the book to react ! My daughter is 2 and she ca n't push as hard as is needed -LRB- I have to push pretty hard myself -RRB- . She pushes on the areas but gets frustrated because it does n't respond and ends up walking away from it . I 've even tried holding her finger and pushing down , but you still have to push so hard that I 'm afraid I 'm going to sprain the tip of her finger . Unless your child was born with super human strength , AVOID THIS TOY !!!
 My seven month old son got this as a gift , but it is not age appropriate . This item may interest him in another year , but all he wants to do is pull the pages out for now . I do not agree with the age range Leap Frog is placing on it . For the cost of their products , they should do a better job of directing parents to toys that will actually be of interst at certain ages so that product loyalty will happen . I would never buy another Leap Frog item at this point .
 what happened to just reading a plain book to your children ? is that not enough these days ? is that not enough interaction with your child ? i must admit , my child was more interested in the box it came in than the actual product . i think technology is going too far concerning children and marketing and with over-stimulation . i was not surprised to learn that the pages for the books that go with the leap frog leap pad were coated with a special ` tear resistant substance ' . what does that mean ?
 My baby girl received this as a Christmas gift , she is now 8 months old . I put the cartridge in , the book in and was ready to go w / baby girl in my lap ... the whole thing is in a basket on the landing of my steps and has been ever since ... baby girl looked at me as if to say `` okay that was real fun ! `` very confusing and very misleading , doesnt do what it says it will do and works like a very very very slow computer . this only got 1 star since I had to chose one .
 The product name is misleading -- you definitly need more than a `` LittleTouch '' to use this product . Do n't they do product testing on actual children ? My 1 yr . old -LRB- who is rather big for his age -RRB- did not have the strength to interact with the pictures , and lost interest almost immedietly . So unless you plan to sit there with your child to press everything for them , skip this product .
 This toy is a great idea , but way to difficult to figure out for the recommended age . We bought this for my daughter 's first birthday because the age was 1 + she 's almost 2 now and still has hardly used it .
 We bought this toy for our one year old son . I like having educational toys around but this one is so hard to use that any education it might extend is wasted . I found it hard enough to press the pages myself ! My little boy wanted to make the book and pages ` talk ' and play games , but he could hardly ever get the sensors to react fast enough to make a connection with it ... if they even reacted at all -LRB- which was mostly the case ! -RRB- . I found that it did n't really keep his attention and I ended up having to tell him what to do and ask him questions ... which I could do with a plain , old fashioned book . Granted , he is only one but I have read other reviews where children were older and still could n't play with this toy.I took it back and replaced it with a `` Little People '' Noah 's Ark set and an old fashioned xylaphone . Educational toys are a good idea , but as long as a parent is willing to take the time to educate their child I do n't think there is anything wrong with kids having toys that are just plain fun ! And I find that `` Little People '' is very educational . He can at least use it and practice problem solving skills and increase his creativity . Plus , it is definitely a toy that will grow with him.I say skip the expensive electronic toys and replace them with other toys that allow more freedom of play and parents to teach !
 This is such a frustrating toy . The activities are too scattered and difficult for a toddler to follow . The actions requeted by the narrator are inconsistant with the `` theme '' of the book . On/Off switch was the most fun for my 2 year old . If you do n't press the page hard enough or exactly in the right spot - forget it . I was going to purchase this for several of my so n't friends for their birthdays but not now . Ours is going back tomorrow !
 This toy is abosolutly worthless . The only thing my daughter likes about this toy is turning the pages and the on off button . To get the thing to work properly you must push the green go button on every page . My daughter does not understand that , they are not easy to see and they are extremly hard to push . The things this toys teaches to me are not that important . I really wish ragit would focus more on the ABC 's or numbers . The is a cartridge for colors but it is not very good . This toy could use a few bells and whistles . Music would be a nice touch too . She has learned nothing from this toy . I am very disappointed in this toy . I am going out today to buy the Fisher Price learn through music .
 My son received this as a Christmas present , and it 's pretty much done nothing but collected dust . He occasionally plays with the on/off button , and that 's it . He does n't care much for the book that came with it , or to learn how to work the device . He just walks away and looks through a Dr. Seuss book instead . This much money can be better spent on something else .
 Although I agree with some reviews that this is a toy meant for parent and child to play with together , even sitting next to my 2-year-old can not stop him from hitting the on/off button throughout . On other toys , this is not an issue , but with this toy , it is a THREE step sequential process in order to return to the card or book we are using ! Try telling a toddler he has to push `` on '' - then `` go '' - then `` lightbulb '' in order to get started . Or , that he has to push `` go '' EVERY time he turns the page ; or that he has to hit `` adjust setting '' if he wants to hear sounds or narration . I 've been working with him a lot , and do some of the steps so he can see , but inevitably he gets frustrated that he ca n't just play along and have things happen the way he expects . We are big Leapfrog fans in our household , but this toy was not really thought through .
 I bought this for my twins when they were just 2 & it has been nothing but trouble . Like the rest have said , it 's too difficult for them to use on their own until at least age three -LRB- then the stories/activities are too immature -RRB- . Now if one child uses it , the others come & want to press the buttons . So frequently they are n't getting anything out of it since there is no cause & effect since three kids are pressing who know what at what time . Then often they somehow get on the wrong page & nothing makes sense . My take is
 My 13 month old daughter loves books , so my brother gave her the LeapPad thinking she would enjoy this too ! My brother said that he thought the pages were plastic or at least thicker like board books , but they 're not . I have to sit and turn the pages for her so she does n't rip them off , and she does n't like that . She is just starting to learn to do things on her own , so she hates having me turn the pages for her!She does n't know where to press to make sounds or anything . My 4 yr old niece enjoys it a lot more than my daughter!Right now , the LeapPad is sitting on the bottom of her toy chest where she ca n't reach yet !
 We received this toy as a gift ... the book 's pages are made of paper , so they wrinkle easily and ruin the book . It is too difficult for my toddler to use , he only enjoys the turning `` on/off '' and `` volume '' buttons . Replacement books are too expensive too .
 I am a big fan of `` Leap '' toys , but this one is just not very good . I got this for my son when he was 2 and it took a while for him to get the hangf of it and honestly he never really got into it , so when someone bought him the `` my first leappad '' I thought they had wasted there money , but my son took to the my first leappad with pen and loves it . I held on to the little touch , thinking my 18 month old daughter my get used to it , but the touch pad is hard to use and the only thing she likes is turning it on and off . She would rather play with the my first leap pad . My son will now pick up the little touch leap pad and play with it occasionally -LRB- he is 3.5 yrs -RRB- , but the only thing he really enjoys are the cards that fit on the system as opposed to the books . I would wait for you child to hit the 2 age mark or so and get the `` my first leap pad '' . I feel this one is a waste of money ... I gave it 2 stars b/c my son plays with it occasionally now and it is a good concept , just needs improving .
 I bought this toy for my daughter when she was 6 months she did not care for it . She is now 13 months and all she wants to do is turn the pages which she is curling the corners on . I would not buy this for a child under the age of 2 .
 My son received this as a gift and I was thrilled . My older son has the `` My 1st Leapad '' which has been an excellent learning tool . I just knew this would be the same . Wrong ... it is not user friendly for little hands . All he wants to do is flip the pages -LRB- which are flimsy '' and has a hard time activating it by touch . I would save your money , wait a year and buy your child the `` My 1st Leapad . '' It will be worth the wait !
 I bought this last Christmas for my 12 month old son , along with a few books . He has never shown any interest in this toy . I tried to show him how it works , and he could n't understand . Even when I just read the books to him , he was n't interested . I think maybe it 's too difficult to understand for children this age . My son is/was accustomed to having someone read a book to him , so maybe he was n't interested in this toy and likes the traditional method of reading . I also recently went to a local second hand children 's store , and saw a pile of these on a shelf to be sold .
 I love leapfrog products , and so does my daughter . That being said this one needs work . It 's not very intuitive and as everyone has already mentioned , the on/off button is within reach of little hands that think that is the main entertainment function ! The pages are made of a material that is harder to tear , but can tear nonetheless.The functionality of it is a little confusing , and in my case , my pad had technical issues that made it even more frustrating!I returned the pad and the extra book I bought . Disappointing , but one product out of countless many that is n't a winner is alright with me ! I am still a loyal Leapfrog customer ! : -RRB-
 On the surface , this seems like a wonderful product - shapes , music , stories . But , the product is so clumsy and difficult to use . Plus , the sounds are incredibly cheesy -LRB- they try to imitate classical instruments with electronic sounds -RRB- and it 's both too easy to use and impossible to operate at the same time . I 'm not a big fan of giving babies instant gratification at the `` touch of a button '' - but these buttons do n't even work without knowing exactly where to touch ! The product seems a bit gimicky and not as concerned about development or true stimulation . Some of the ideas are nice like the layered rhythms . . but again , it 's just so hard to use even for an adult . The pages are also quite difficult to turn and are quite flimsy so using it as a stand alone book does n't quite work either.If you 're interested in introducing your child to shapes , counting , and music , you could go with a video like Juno Baby which goes through shapes and counting with music and characters and has an interactive guide -LRB- not that most mother 's are interested in interacting when their children are watching a video ! -RRB- - but they 're a bit expensive as far as videos go . Or go with shape sorters or puzzles -LRB- I think the company Melissa & Doug makes the higher quality ones -RRB- . Or , for the reading , just stick to books ! You 'll get plenty of interaction that way without all the bells and whistles which are more annoying than beneficial .
 I was so excited to buy this for my daughter , at the time 9 months . She could never push the buttons hard enough to work it on her own and she never seemed interested . She is now 22 months and still has a hard time pushing the buttons . The pages are very sturdy -LRB- she has put them to the test -RRB- ! She loves books , but still does not show a real interest in these -LRB- I own all of them -RRB- . If I could still return this , I would .
 I was always impressed by everything Leapfrog makes but this was not up to par . My 11/2 year old boy could not put enough pressure on the page to make anything happen . He grew quite frustrated . We returned it , got the next one up with the pen and now he 's happy . Do n't waste your time or money on the LittleTouch .
 I read all the reviews , and despite the warnings of other parents , I purchased one . I 'd alway heard great things about Leap Frog , so I disregarded the compaints . I was wrong . The volume and power buttons being on the front were a major distraction . My daughter continuously wanted to play with these buttons instead of the books . She still does n't understand that she has to push the go button each time she turns a page . She gets very frustrated with this toy when I try to get her to play with it correctly . It is not worth the money .
 I bought this for my son on his 1st b/day . Not only is he not interested in playing with this toy with me , but he is not interested in playing with this toy by himself either . He is more interested in pushing the on/off button and pulling the cartridge out than enjoying the sounds and sights .
 My son received this present for his first birthday and it was way too advanced for him . It is difficult for him to push the pad hard enough to get a reaction . Only the on/off button seems suited for baby use . A friend and her 18 month old tried it also - I was desperate to give it away - and they refused it for different , equally problematic reasons . My son loves board books and being read to but he has no interest in this . Since then I have tried to give it away to other moms , but all of them agree that it 's highly user unfriendly and do n't want to waste time with it . I guess my son will continue using it as a stepping stool to reach objects on his toy shelf . It 's a waste of money . The Leap Frog company should be held accountable for their slick and misleading marketing of this product .
 ... A toy sold for 6month olds should not require 3 steps to start it and the keys are way too hard to for them to push . They get frustrated when not able to turn the pages and have the toy work . Not to mention the on/off switch which is fun to play with but you have to restart the toy with three steps everytime they turn it off . The system does not have an auto shut off if not played with . The pages are not durable enough for 6 month olds . Good toy for a 3 year old but not the ages they advertise . And I do sit a read to my child but it is hard for me to get it to work !! ANd they should have time to explore toys themselves , not be spoon fed all the time .
 i have 3 children ranging from 11 months to 27 months . this was purchased for my oldest child as a holiday gift . she was bored to death with this , as my husband and i were too . i did n't see the difference between singing/counting/reading with or without the unit . also , for the same or less money , there are interactive toys for the computer which are much more stimulating with music and lights and rewards . i did n't like how the cards had to be slid under the unit and how you had to keep remembering to hit the stupid go button and lightbulb . my child could n't play it herself and there was nothing to look at . she is an advanced reader and just pushed this aside . my child could n't push hard enough to activate the unit so she would just whine in frustration . i think that the rhymes segment for the older child is a little weak . my 11 month old twins just wanted to bang this unit with another hard plastic object . i would rather just read and count with them in other ways . i would say this can not babysit so do n't buy it for that . for the benefit of learning , i will just wait a while and get the more advanced leap frog product that has the pen . i returned this with no regrets . i do n't think that the age range is appropriate .
 I bought this for my 9 month old for Christmas . She has yet to play with it . Every time I get it out for her she would rather tear it up than actually listen to it . I think that this would be a very good toy for 1 year and up , but not6 months and up . The leap frog system is a very good idea , my son got his for his third birthday and has n't put it down , I just think that they need to put older age requirements on this toy .
 I bought this a few months ago for my now 10 month old daughter . How is she ever going to be able to push the buttons , it 's so difficult ! The sound quality is not that great either . I thought maybe it was just me , but I see other have the same problem . It 's to late for me to take it back . The box is long gone , and I did n't open it for about 3 months after I bought it.I 'm really dissappointed , I thought with this being a leapfrog product it would be great , that 's why I did n't read the reviews first , I was so excited when I saw it in the store that I just bought it . My daughter loves things that she can interact with , but she ca n't push the pad hard enough for anything to happen . Actually the only thing we use is the animal page and the xylaphone page and she tries climbing all over it and gets lucky when she 's leaning on it to make something happen.I wish I would have read the reviews first .
 This is a piece of junk and a waste of money . The pages are pourly made for the ages recommened . My First LeapPad pages are better than these pages .
 My 16 month old daughter received this as a Christmas present . My husband and I thought the toy was really neat . My daughter did not . She flips the pages so fast you ca n't keep up and the off button is too tempting . She keeps turning it off and adjusting the sound . At this point , she finds the toy to be a complete bore and would much prefer to have us read her a normal book than to follow along with the LeapPad .
 My son received the Leap Frog Walker . The item came without leg support . I called customer service was told it would take 10 -15 days to get . Asked for supervisor . He said will be sent UPS ground most likely 4 - 5 days . I told him for severely developmentally delayed 12 month old and I need in my home for 3 days . Asked if he could ship priority , NOT over night , to get here . I was told he could n't be responsible for an item bought from the store ! The package was not tampered with , and when I told him that his attitude was rude / negative . I asked if he could help me , maybe he could send a donation to our town 's new autism center . He said No - we already make other donations . This company does NOT promptly try to fix a problem . Even when I told him I would tell others of their poor customer service , which I am now doing .
 Read a real book to your kids it would be more entertaining and educational . A book that has noises or flaps is cheaper and more fun for you and your child . for many resons - keep reading the rest of the reviews - this toy is n't worth spending money on . I do love all the other leap frog products . Very dissapointed leapfrogger !!!
 We bought this for our 11/2 year old for Christmas along with a bunch of books and the carry case . What a waste of money . She likes my 4 year olds leappad because of the pencil . Thinking this was more for her age , I got this one . I wish I did n't She has n't even looked at it for more than 2 minutes at a time .
 I 'm a big fan of Leapfrog toys , but this one was disappointing . Little fingers can not push hard enough to activate the books . We did n't get much use out of it .
 I bought this for my daughter -LRB- 9 months old -RRB- before a big plane trip when she was 8 months thinking it would keep her entertained while we were on the plane . Bad idea on my part . She is so active and busy all the time that she hated looking at this book . She rips out the little book all the time -LRB- in my opinion it comes out way to easy -RRB- and throws it . She also could n't push hard enough on the book to make it do anything . I found I really had to poke it hard to get anything to play . I did n't take it back thinking she might like it later but everytime I take it out she moves right on to something else . She loves books so I was really surprised she did n't like this but she did n't at all . I would save my money and buy board books that you can read with your baby.One good thing is that the pages really are tear resistant , she has tried many times to rip them apart and chew on them and besides for being a little bent they are still in good shape . If you are going to buy this save it for 1 + years .
 I really like the leap pad products for my children . However , this one needs allot of work . The pages are really flimsy and is difficult to operate . My 18 month old toddler wanted just to push the on/off button . They need to make several adjusments to this item . It was hard even for me to push the touch system . I am hoping that they will change this item around to be more user friendly to the specified age group . It is a greatidea but poorly made . The touch is nice and should be more sensitive or have less pages , or something to the fact that they do n't have to pound on the pad to get a response . I know leap pad can do better . We took this item back to the store ASAP ! The pillow in the back is a nice idea .
 We were very excited about this product , but due to following things returned it .1 . The touch does not work , you have to push the finger for it to work2 . The ON-OFF button is in front and `` fun '' for the kids , so they tend to press that more often .3 . To start on the next page the kid has to tap on `` Go '' , not intutive for 15 month old .4 . The paper book is easy to tear-off . May be we will wait for LeapFrog to fix some of these problems , or better wait for our son to grow and use `` My First LeapPad '' instead of this product .
 We have a three year old son with special needs , and we asked my mom to buy this for his birthday . We are taking it back , however , because it is VERY hard to push and get a response . I thought it would be great because he would get a musical/verbal response from pushing on the right object , etc. . But , instead I even got frustrated playing with it . I , too , love Leap Frog and ca n't believe they produced such a poorly made toy . I called Leap Frog , and they said to exchange it because it should n't be that hard to push , and there must be something wrong with ours . After reading the reviews , though , we are getting our money back because it sounds like everyone is having the same problem . Thanks !
 I received this as a very generous gift for our 1-yr-old son . I 've always thought Leap Frog toys were cleverly designed , so I was excited to try this.After 3 months , I find this toy very frustrating . I had been hoping that he would grow into it , and will continue to try it.The primary cause of frustration is that it 's just too complicated , even with a parent using it with the toddler . When I try to go through the book on narration , he loses interest -- he prefers us to read to him rather than having a machine do it . If I try to get him to interact with the book , he flips the page as soon as I hit the `` Go '' button on the page -- he 's too fast!When I use the foldouts , he spends most of the time entertaining himself by pushing the volume button , the on/off button , or pulling the foldout out ... and then gets bored quickly.Several great improvements to be made to the product include moving the volume and on/off buttons to the back or side and making the foldouts harder to remove . In general , I think the toy is appropriate for older kids .
 Like the rest of you , we were very excited to find that Leap Frog had come out with something for the under three age group . We got the Little Touch for our 2 year old and were anxious for her to try it . I played with it before she did and thought `` WOW this is great '' . She plays with it and gets bored . She loves to turn the pages , but wo n't let me interact with her -LRB- she is very independant -RRB- long enough for me to hit the GO button and get the computer on the right page with her . -LRB- you must hit the go button on every page or it does n't correspond -RRB- . And then there is that pesky ON/OFF switch . Leap Frog is going to have to modify this ! It never should have been put on the front where it is so easily found by a small child . Half the time this is all she does-turn it on and off and tell it bye bye.I really liked the thought of her learning with the Little Touch but will probably return it since she does n't seem to be that interested in it .
 I love LeapFrog 's other products and was very excited to see an infant leap pad . Unfortunately , I was very disapointed with the product . The only buttons that my 1 year old likes to push is the `` on/off '' and the volume . All of the interactive portions are too difficult and the `` go '' button on each page is a hassle because she like to flip pages by herself but you have to push that button for each page . If she does start pushing things on the page it is hard for her to tell what the voice is responding to because there is a lag in the response after you push something . She is an active , independant child who loves to look at books but this one is not for her age group . Maybe a child who is a bit more passive would enjoy having their parent/caregiver push the buttons for them while they look at the book . I do not recommend this toy for the younger age groups and I think that some of the other reviewers are mistaking the LittleTouch LeapPad with the next age group one because there are no lights or movement on this one .
 My husband bought this for our daughter , thinking it would be a fun , interactive toy for her to play with . Well , it 's not . It 's a great concept , but give it to a toddler to test drive . The directions are tough for a child to follow - certain keys have to be hit in certain sequences - and it really is nothing more than an exercise in frustration for her , and for anyone trying to show the child how to use it ! I 'd rather we spent the money on some good books or simple wooden toys , which encourage all the skills the Little Touch Leap Pad is designed to foster .
 Although the this toy sounds like it would be great . It 's not ! First the book has paper pages . Not the shiny coated paper , but regular thin paper that will easily rip . But the part that gets me the most is the age range is all wrong . In order to make this work , you have to push 2 different buttons on seperate pages so that the leap pad knows what page your on . My toddler sure does n't understand that . Plus you have to push really hard to make the book respond . I have a 10 month old and a 2 year old who both get so frustrated with it . The 10 month old becuase she ca n't make it work , and thhe 2 year because when he touches things , it always says the wrong thing because he did n't press the 2 bottons first every time you turn the page . I can see a 3 year old playing with this maybe , but the 6 month-2 year age recemendation is all wrong !
 I have to tell you how dissatisfied I am with this product . I bought it for my 22 month old daughter for Xmas and I have it all packed up ready to return to the store of purchase . I paid 59.99 CDN plus 19.99 for another book.The main problem is , her fingers can not press hard enough to get it to work . Even mommy has a difficult time getting the book to respond to our touches.The on/off button should have been put on the back as she spent most of her time just turning it on and off.It also does not appear to have an auto-shut off function , so when she would find it and turn it on it would sit there for what seems like ages saying `` please insert a book '' `` press the green key '' , etc.The two little cardboard pages that came with the leappad do n't even securely sit on the system , so it flies off whenever we tried to use it.Most of all my daughter was n't even interested in it . She would rather have mommy read and interact with her with a plain book.Plus it is very slow in general.What a waste of money !
 I bought this toy for my daughters first birthday plus 2 more books and cartridges . I am at a loss trying to figure out how to get her to play with it and not crumple the pages . She will sit still longer to play with a board book than the LeapPad . I hope she grows into but I do n't think six month olds to one year olds can really get any real use of this toy .
 We bought this for my daughter last year for her first birthday . She 'll be two soon and pretty much the only things she can operate on her own are the on/off switch and the flat cards that accompany the books -LRB- only after I push the `` Green Go Circle '' and then the `` Lightbulb '' on the other side of the page to get it going for her -RRB- . As for the books , if you do n't touch the `` Green Go Circle '' every time you turn a page the Leap Pad has no idea what page you 're on and will respond to the page it thinks you 're on . So , in my daughter 's case , she flips the pages randomly and comes up with some strange results.This product was a great concept but obviously not designed or tested with real world kids in mind . I do n't know about anybody else 's toddler , but it 's a rare day when she will sit down with me and let me `` lead '' her through a toy as you have to do with this one to get it to work properly .
 We bought the Little Touch for my 11 month old , and of course he was n't impressed with the story , he wanted to tear up the books . My main problem is that our books do n't fit into the console . Every one of them except the book that came with the product fall out . It is very hard to have story time with him and he can literally pull the story out .
 I was surprised how flimsy the pages were and easy to cease and fold . My son got it for his 1st birthday and by his 2nd birthday used it probably a total of 10 or less times . The books that go with it are on the expensive side for the quality.Wouldn ' t recommend this !
 many other leap frog toys are great , this one is not . i recommend avoiding this one.as others have said , the `` on/off '' button is irresistible to little ones . my daughter just likes to press the power button and every time that happens the `` complexity setting '' gets reset to 1 . way too much pressure is required to push on the objects for her to be able to do this herself . also , obviously a little one does n't figure out the `` green go circle '' that needs to be pressed after every page change until they are way too old for the mind-numbingly simple stories that are designed for this product .
 My twin daughters got this product for their 1st birthday . We have tried to use it several times , but my daughters are more interested in playing with the on/off button and the volume button placed right on the front of the base than they are in listening and looking at the book . It would have been smarter for LeapFrog to have placed these buttons on the back or on the side where they would have been out of eye sight of little ones . I also agree that the touch pad is n't sensitive enough for little ones to push . It 's a pain for even ME to get the different spots in the book to activate . However , I have n't had the troubles others have had with the pages ripping . They are made of a paper-type material , but have proven to be very durable . My daughters drag the leap pad around the house by the pages of the books and still have n't had one tear . BUT ... the pages are very wrinkled making it hard to see the images and also causing the pages to no longer lay flat . My girls are now almost two and still do n't care for the leap pad .
 I was so excited when I saw this come out . My daughter is 16-months-old and loves books so I figured this would be perfect for her . Wrong ! The On/Off switch is right on the front , so she kept turning it on and off . Once it turns off , the settings reset to the lowest level . We want to use it at the higher level , which asks questions about the pictures . So every time she turned it off , I had to go ahead and reprogram the thing ! Plus , the books are made of very flimsy material.I ended up taking it back . What a shame ! I 'll keep watching for a redesign . I ca n't imagine the LeapFrog folks wo n't fix these very simple and very silly problems .
 My daughter received this for her first birthday . After a short time we realized that she could n't press hard enough to really interact with the toy on her own , so I put it away and took it out again around 20 months . I ca n't believe the manufacturer recommends this toy for 6 month olds - they would get nothing out of it . At 20 months , my daughter had the hang of using it and seems to like it . However , a few things to note : - The product is n't made very well . The books do not snap in securely and the `` velcro '' that is used to attach the cushion to the bottom is actually felt and is useless . - The product does turn off automatically , but not very promptly . Sometimes when my daughter has lost interest and moved on to something else I 'm left listening to `` Touch the green Go circle to play with your little touch leap pad '' over and over until I can get to it and turn it off manually . It 's a bit maddening . - Now that my daughter is able to play the games that are offered , I 've noticed that the Leap Pad is n't very forgiving of mistakes . For instance , the Leap Pad may ask your child to touch something in a particular order . If the child does n't get it correct the first time , they get one more try before the game announces `` Thanks for playing - bye bye '' . I think that this product is good on paper , but as others have noted , it needs some reengineering .
 my 15 month old is too young to push the buttons in the book ... but he does love to push the on/off button.for some reason , in the 21st century ... they created a toy without an automatic battery shut-off . I 'm not sure why they did this . My son turns it on and leaves it playing . . and it 's usually hours before we find it in his play room . The batteries went dead the first time within a week ... . the second time we did n't bother to replace them .
 My child is 16 months old and the biggest problem I see with this device is that the on / off button is too fun ! She would rather touch that buttion than anything else . I feel as if I have wasted my money but I will try it again in a few months . -LRB- I feel Leap Frog could of made a switch on the side . -RRB- My advice ... buy when your child is 6 months so they can have fun with your interactions ... or wait til your child is 2 .
 I was very impressed by the presentation of this item online so I bought this system for my daughter when she was around 6 months old . She is now 2 and I do not think that she has gotten much use out of the system other than to pull out the cartridges , turn it off and on and pull the books - that I now read independantly to her - and cards out - that I have to attach scotch tape to .
 We have tried this toy for about 6wks now , hoping that our 18mo old will use it for more then 2min . no luck . The most fun she has is trying to rip the pages out -LRB- which by the way are flimsy like many others have said -RRB- . We think the idea is great , and I think she 'll enjoy using a toy like this at 2yrs old , but at that point I would rather buy the Powertouch by Mattel . On the Powertouch , she will be able to push the buttons on her own -LRB- not so w / the little touch since it requires a firm hand -RRB- and she will be able to follow the story since the powertouch recognizes which page the child is on . -LRB- Yipee , no green GO button !!! -RRB-
 Your money is better spent on regular books instead of this electronic gizmo . You have to press hard to get any of the pictures to make a noise so a child will have a hard time using this without an adult . I bought this for my 1yr old daughter , and my niece -LRB- 3ys -RRB- and nephew -LRB- 4yrs -RRB- also played with it . They all got bored easily . It was never something they took out to play with , it was done with my encouragement to try to get my money 's worth . I ended up selling it at a garage sale .
 My 17 month old son is very interested in this toy when he sees me playing with it , but he only wants to push the on/off button and volume because it 's the only part of the toy that actually does anything when he pushes it . The touch pad does n't work because he does n't push it hard enough . As is , the toy is useless . If they would hide the on/off and volume buttons and make the touch pad more sensitive , then the toy would be something that my son would love .
 I am really dissappointed with this toy . I bought this toy for my 13 month son at Christmas . We no longer play with it because he ca n't hit the buttons hard enough to make anything happen and the books are only made of paper so they rip very easy . You would think they would have made the pages laminated so they would be more durable for the little hands that touch it . This may be good for little ones who do n't touch or for bigger kids who know how to sit nicely and read . Definitely not for an active 1 year old who still chews books .
 We bought this item without even researching it and I now wish I had so hopefully this review will help someone else . The whole concept is positive but the details of the product need work . The pages of the books are so thin and flimsy . For a toddler this just is n't a good idea . The game card that comes with each book is nice because they are thick and laminated . I wish the books were like that . Right now with my 11/2 yr . old son , we only use the cards . He has no interest in the books and I think it 's because the pages are just too cluttered and busy . The colors do n't even seem vibrant , almost as if they 're faded . And you have to press the buttons pretty hard for a toddler . I did n't realize how poorly designed this one was until I saw the Fisher Price Power Touch system which seems like it might be designed a little better.The Power Touch system 's books are much simpler -LRB- more age-appropriate for young children -RRB- and more colorful yet not cluttered and busy . I 'm not certain , but the pages of the books look much thicker . Plus they offer a better -LRB- and I think maybe even larger -RRB- selection of books including popular characters such as Blue 's Clues and Elmo . Even the placement of the handles seems better than the Leap pad . The handles are on the sides which I think makes more sense for a child trying to keep the thing straight on his or her lap . I wish I could return our leap pad for the power touch . Well , it 's just something I 'll remember for the next baby . : -RRB-
 I purchased this toy for my 22 month-old son for Christmas , and I can not wait to return it to the store ! I have to agree with the reviews preceeding mine about the on/off switch . It is a magnet for little hands - as is the volume button . Once you get passed that , then there 's the `` go '' button that you have to push on each page so the story will match the illustrations . It took my husband and I a while to figure that out and we 're smart people ! It is not a toy designed for the age group it specifies -LRB- 6-36 months -RRB- . Perhaps on the older end of that range but overall , I found it very confusing and uninteresting to my son . Like others have said , read a book to your child instead . It 's cheaper and much simpler . After searching all over for this gadget during the holidays and finally finding it , I am thoroughly disappointed ! What a waste of money . This toy needs alot of work .
 I was very excited about this product for my 18-mt . old son and purchased the LeapPad and all the books that were available at the time . My son is now 21/2 and STILL does n't really play with it . What an frustrating toy ! The On/Off button on the front of the machine is a toddler-magnet and the attraction becomes one of turning it on and off , etc. . You have to press hard to get the noises to activate and it 's frustrating to have to press the `` GO '' button every time a page is turned . It confuses a kid when they turn the page and the sounds do n't match the pictures.This is supposed to be an interactive product , designed to be used with parent and child together . However , this is NOT a necessary purchase . If you want an interactive activity , read a book and make noises . We as a society have convinced ourselves that electronic toys are educational . Seriously , your child will have more fun and you 'll enjoy it more when you read a book TOGETHER . Save your money !
 Perhaps those that have reported better experiences have a version that has been fixed , I bought ours over a year ago when they first came out and from the first time we used it , I hated it . It really was difficult for even me to get the thing to do anything with my finger . The tip of my finger would turn white ! My now 2 year old still ca n't get it to work for her all the time when she pushes the pages . I think the pages are too thick or something . I 'm planning on selling mine . I only have 3 books , but I 'm not wasting anymore money on this toy . I 'm moving on to the My First Leap Pad , my daughter will enjoy that one much more and I might as well have gotten that one when she was one since I 'm the one doing all the work anyway .
 My son was more interested in ripping the papers than looking at the book . I babely let him touch it because the sheets are so thin . Even though it has that padding for your lap it was still pretty difficult to hold while I read to my son . THis book is for toddlers , not for infants .
 I wish I had read some of these reviews before I purchased this for my 15 month-old . I can hardly press hard enough on the pictures to make it work . And she certainly ca n't . The on/off button is the only thing she cares about , and that keeps her attention for about 5 seconds .
 I bought this for my 12 month old son . I was soooooo excited about this toy , and thought it would provide hours of mommy and me time . Boy was I wrong ! The on/off button should be on the the back , that 's all my son wants to do , turn it on and off , the pages are somewhat flimsy , and wrinkle easily . It is not suitable for a 12 month old , perhaps a 18 month old , 12 months is just too young to grasp the concept . I wish I would 've thrown away the box , or that thing would be returned to the store ! I would NOT recommend this product !
 The kids loved it ... until the seam blew out ... no way to fix it . Lasted a few days . Very sad kids .
 My daughter loves Rocky !! She was so excited when she received this Rocky Bop Bag . The excitement ended when the bag would barely stand up and developed a major leak after only a few uses . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this for my nephew . It does not hold air . Deflates soon after blowing up .
 This tow truck is awful , one of the worst toys I have ever seen . The truck comes apart too easily , and does n't attach to the car -LRB- being towed -RRB- well . All I hear from my son when he plays with this toy is , `` I need help ! I need help '' and I have to constantly put it back together again . I am considering throwing it out .
 It does not have anything interesting in it for kids . Just a silly `` Honk '' . I dont know how it could be educational , fun andso much more . My 2.5 year old son never wants to play with it . . he says `` no fun ... no lights , nothing , silly truck '' . . Its just waste of money .
 This product was the first kit I got for my soldering practice . It 's pretty simple and it comes with a decent soldering iron and all the other parts for the kit.I was able to build the kit but i ran into a lot of problems while trying : - the desoldering braid -LRB- soldering wick -RRB- is poor-quaility . I tried several times desoldering a single connection - but no good . - There is no information about solder tip maintenace . I did n't know that i need to clean it with solder cleaner or a tip tinner and cleaner - so after 5 mins of use - i couldnt do anything . This was extremly frustrating . - There is no information about what king of iron to be suitable for electronics . I tried another iron - a 40W without knowing that it could ruin the board completely!other than that its a quite mediocre kit for beginners - considering it 's low price -LRB- 20 $ -RRB- .
 I gave this kit to my son for Christmas . He used the soldering gun to put together the kit and then used it for one other small kit -LRB- voice changer -RRB- and the soldering gun quit working . Since the kit part was put together I was not able to return the gun . I did not know I was buying a disposable soldering gun . Very disappointed !!!
 I bought the kit mainly for the soldering Iron . I need one to desolder an item i bought online . I 'm not doing the desoldering personally I have an uncle who know 's how to do that stuff for me . but i was still interesed in trying it out . It would have been fun , but i found that the desolder wick doesnt work well at all . I tried multiple times to desolder something but it just didnt work . And multiple times while soldering a piece on the board , the little metal part you solder to would come off and the solder would n't stick to the board . I only got one light working on the whole thing . AND , often times my soldering iron would retain a lot of the solder and i would n't be able to do anything . I had to stop multiple times to try and clean it after like 2 minutes because the solder would just stick to the iron instead of the board .
 The concept is funny but I am upset at the company . The Santa was given as a gift and it did NOT work . The company refuses to give me a refund because it was beyond the 48 hours of order/receipt . This seems to be an unfair policy around the holidays when you do n't hear about the product until after the recipient has opened the gift !
 This product worked for approximately 30 minutes before breaking . It was overpriced to begin with -LRB- $ 159 -RRB- , cheap in appearance and the electronics were not durable . The camera stopped functioning after about half an hour of gentle play , nothing rough at all . It would be better to buy one of the many $ 99 videocameras they have out for adults . It would probably last longer .
 I bought this for my grandson for Christmas . The screen was so dark he couldn `` t see it . The technical support staff told me to return it , I shipped it back to Ill. , many weeks later it was returned to me with a note saying there was nothing wrong with it . I turned it on , it did n't work , I called the company , was told to send it back again . I just got it back for the second time , it still does n't work , I spoke to the company today , was told to send it back again -LRB- for the third time -RRB- and they will replace it , same thing they said last time . Its now past Easter , the `` Christmas Gift '' still doesn `` t work , and I am out the cost of the computor plus shipping costs X2 . No one should ever buy this product , its a piece of junk and the company does n't stand behind its product . I would give o stars . or minus stars if I could .
 My son got this toy as a Christmas gift from his grandfather . What a hunk of junk . The screen is difficult to see and the `` computer '' locks up . If we can figure out where it came from , we will be returning it . What a let down for our son .
 This microscope works well at the 40x and 100x powers.But at 400x , depending on the specimen , it has been difficult to use due to focus being achieved very close to the specimen . Also at this power , non-removable optical defects become visible that distract from the specimen .
 Item poorly packed . Mirror frame attachment broken and had to repair . Overall quality fine . Could have included extra slides . Price was decent but I 'd rather spend more and get better quality scope .
 My family typically loves games . Luck of the Draw is not fun . An acquaintance recommended this game , saying that it was quite special . She mentioned that is was particularly good since all ages could play together . Well , I suppose that 's because then everyone will have the same enjoyment out of it ... very little . You begin by selecting a card . The die is thrown , which tells everyone to draw either the first , second , or third item . This step seems pointless , perhaps only serving to reduce the number of idea cards by three . After everyone draws the item , the papers are mixed so you supposedly ca n't tell who drew which one . Then , you throw the die again to see if you will have one , two or three categories to work with . Each category describes some attribute - uses the most ink , or should have used an eraser . So , before you draw your picture , you do n't know how the picture will be judged . The way to win is for people to select your picture as exhibiting that attribute . However , the anonymous factor is diluted since after a few rounds , you are very likely to recognize each person 's drawing style , just as you can recognize someone 's handwriting . So , now you need to pretend that you do n't know who drew which picture . So , the game is aptly named . Whether your picture demonstrates the characteristic or not is just luck and not fun . Buy another game . We pulled out Pictionary and Taboo after playing just a few rounds of this one . Those are fun .
 This is a beautiful wooden board , and the intent when purchased was to use it to play the game . The marbles that came with the game were very pretty , and matched the colors on the board , but the colors did n't stand out . Three of us played , but it was very hard to distinguish the color of the marbles . Except for the white marbles , they all looked too close to the same -LRB- light blue , dark blue , green all looked very close in color , and the yellow and red looked close in color to each other -RRB- . We had to hold the marble to the light to see what color it was.The nice thing is that other marbles could be purchased for use and would n't be a big expense . And it is a beautiful game board and you can hang it on the wall .
 This is a nice looking board , but the one I got was defective
 This was a gift for my child 's 5th birthday . The quality of this board is great and the idea to allow you to hang it on the wall is neat . However , even though it 's meant for display I wish it was a little smaller so I at least had the option to put it in a normal-sized cabinet with the other games -LRB- there is a lot of space around the star that is unnecessary , only serves to add decoration to the edges . I 'm also not in love with the way the bag containing the marbles is tied to the board , it is awkward and annoying to fiddle with it each time we play -LRB- I might just store it in the game cabinet separately -RRB- . I love the fact that the edges of the board are raised on all four sides , so when a marble does roll astray from the board , it stays ON the board instead of rolling off the table , across the room , etc. , really nice touch !!! It is very pretty with its antique look . But because the board is dark and the marbles are the translucent type , it is hard to discern the difference between several of the colors during play . The black color in the center of the board makes the blue , purple and green look almost exactly the same and even the red is a little hard to tell . This is my biggest complaint -- I am going to go buy a set of opaque Chinese Checkers marbles to replace these because my very young kids are frustrated by the color confusion . It 's annoying to spend money to make the game usable -LRB- although since someone else bought it as a gift , I 'm less irked than I would be if I 'd paid for it myself ! -RRB- Overall the quality is great , but I really think they should do something about this marble color problem , esp . since I see from the reviews I am not the only one who has complained .
 This microscope has neither a built in light , nor any optional magnification options . It is therefore very difficult for any child to use . Magnification is fixed and depnding on what the child is attempting to see this magnification is likely to be too high -LRB- for larger specimens -RRB- or too small for very small specimens.I suggest that both a light and a choice of magnification are absolutely essential . This microscope has neither .
 Ca n't say much . It was sent to my grand son . I do n't know if he even receive it .
 buzz car broke upon opening product - the top head helmut came off . My kids were very disappointed .
 This product is very expensive for a cheaply made cribbage board . The only promising part is the chess board is very well made but still has a somewhat cheap feel to it . I wish the cribbage board was n't so poorly made .
 My daughter received this for her first birthday . It was even difficult for us to use , as well as it did n't fit either one of our tubs . We were so excited because it looked great , but the penguins do n't slide down very well at all . It was more of a tumble.Overall , it was a great idea , but it just does n't work . -- Dawn
 I am so sad that this did n't work out . It actually does span our tub , but , there is no good way to connect the suction cup at the top to the tub wall . So when my 22month old fills the top with water , the entire thing sags and eventually falls into the tub . Not fun . The penguins do n't slide well either . Waaaaaa . I do NOT recommend this product AT ALL . Such a disappointment .
 Hi , I am 8 . I love to buld stuff . But this !? No . The peaseies will fall aprt easy . yes tes is girl-colored legos , but I prefer the boy-colored legos . If you did n't notce in the lego magizine , there is girl sets too . The people look weird too . My freind has this she said , peases get lost . I do not recomend this toy to ANYBODY !!
 I was very disappointed in this product . My 10 month old received it for Christmas & it takes alot to shake the rattle & make pooh go ! Some times it does n't even work for me ! I wish that I would have saved the box because I would have returned it !
 We are generally disappointed in this toy . The first one we received was defective and did n't work at all . We returned it to the store but were informed it was discontinued , so we had to order a replacement online . When it arrived , it also did not work as advertised , but it does work . However , it is VERY loud ! The speaker is located inside Pooh 's head , and we ca n't get inside the toy to muffle it with tape or anything else . I imagine it would be loud enough to damage a child 's hearing if the child 's ear is close to it . That being said , my 4-year-old likes it , but my 9-month-old -LRB- whom it was actually for -RRB- ignores it .
 I bought this for a 4 year old girl . She seems mildly interested in it despite the fact that the `` paint '' is some kind of very hard substance and does n't come off on the sponges so making the fun pictures is difficult unless you 're very persistent and have the PERFECT amount of water in your sponge . Also , many of the sponges are too big for the circles of paint provided so its hard to use those particular ones for your picture . It does come with a cute apron which she loves to wear but I would n't recommend this as a sponge painting toy . You just end up making a big watery mess on a piece of paper but do n't get the satisfaction of actually painting .
 It kept jumpiing around the table and had to be taped down . I expected the &#34; deluxe &#34; would have colored pens or pencils but it only had 1 dark pen . My grandson did not enjoy it at all . Very dissapointed .
 I remember many hours of enjoyment with my Spirograph when I was a child , so I was very excited to introduce this to my five year old daughter . Needless to say , I was sorely disappointed in Hasbro 's re-imagining of this classic toy . As other reviews have stated , the gears are much too small to properly maintain contact with each other , leading to stray lines across the design as the cog slips out of the form . The alternate shape form that insets into the main form is bowed , so maintaining contact with the paper was difficult for me , so my daughter found it impossible . It was also a good thing I bought a pack of colored gel pens to go with this since the included marker was completely dry . I ca n't speak for the durability of the toy since it wo n't be played with beyond Christmas morning . At $ 44.95 , this is the absolute worst value I 've spent money on for my child . Save your money and do n't buy this toy .
 Poor Design for a young child -LRB- or even an adult -RRB- . Both in terms of functionality as well as presentation value of the masterpieces .
 This was one of my favorite toys when I was a child -LRB- back in the 70 's -RRB- and I was excited to purchase it for my daughter . It is n't as well made as or easy to use as it used to be back in the day !
 Aw , this is terrible . Bring back the old Spirograph ! This is completely inferior . I just went to eBay and got the real thing to supplement my old set that was missing a few pieces . I feel confident I can keep my kids from eating the thumb tacks .
 My sister had this when we were little and remembering the fun she and I both had with it , I bought it for my son . I am very disappointed with it !! The template does not fit flush with the table surface and therefore does not securely hold the paper . In addition , the gears are too thin and keep slipping under the template , ruining the design . My son found this very frustrating as it ruined picture after picture and it is very difficult to move the gears and hold the template down at the same time . I gave the durability factor a poor rating as the material is just cheap plastic that will definitely not last long . This is definitely a case of where the old adage that says , `` If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it ! '' should have been followed !! The earlier design , though not perfect , was much better and much less frustrating ! Save your money and buy something else !
 This would be a nice toy if not for one serious design flaw.The flaw is that the gears supplied are too thin and easilyslide under the main unit ruining a drawing . This happens ifyou do n't push down hard on the main unit or use a perfectlyflat , hard surface . The solution wouldbe simple for Hasbro to fix this . Simply make the gears thatmesh at the teeth the same thickness . This would require a flatside and a side with a depression . This would still allow forthe pen to have a thin section to poke through . Alternately , a tapered opening could be used for the pen tip and the geardisk all the same thickness . But a gear that has the samethickness as the main unit would prevent the gears from slippingunder the unit . This is a no brainer fix , but it 's doubtfulthat Hasbro will fix it . So do n't buy any more until they do .
 ... this is nothing like the Spirograph I grew up playing with . As everyone else mentioned , the gears are much too thin and slip constantly . My 6 year old son was completely frustrated after wrestling with the design flaws . Do n't waste your money !!
 Bought this for my granddaughter 's birthday and am very disappointed with it . Very difficult even for an adult to succesfully use so it is impossible for a child . The gears are too thin , the design is poor , and it is cheap-cheap-cheap -LRB- not in a good way -RRB- . Twenty years ago when my daughter played with one it was a source of hours of satisfying play . Not anymore ! DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 I am so seriously disappointed with this version of Spirograph.The old model had a squire and long Popsicle type disk along with several other drawing disks.The problem with this model is the prongs do not hold the disks in place very well . This causes the disk to slide under the drawing stencil . Oh and you only have three different drawing stencils/outlines unlike the old model . When I was young my sister -LRB- who is 9 years older than me -RRB- and I loved this `` toy '' and we would draw for literally hours . It was cool for every age group ! I was so excited to see this in the `` deluxe '' version . My son was frustrated with this model in about one minute so I tried it out and I gave up after a few tries as well . Honestly , I -LRB- a 40 year old lady -RRB- bought it for myself and just pretended it was for my son . Although , this is not an expensive toy ... . It is NOT worth your money ... it truly does not work well ... . and I am really sad about that !
 Remember Spirograph by Kenner you played with as a kid ? This thing Hasbro sells under the same name is NOT that toy . It is obviously of cheap quality , parred down to a handful of `` gears '' , and designed so poorly that it doesnt really work ! Stick with the original , which means purchase it used on eBay , but do NOT buy Hasbro 's Spirograph .
 I am a 37-year-old artist and the mother of a 4-year-old . I , too , remember the original , truly classic Spirograph product -- originally manufactured by Kenner -LRB- which is part of the problem with its current iteration , I suspect -RRB- . To call this current model `` Deluxe '' is a cruel joke . I would recommend a Klutz product -LRB- a relatively new company with a sterling reputation for quality , by the way -RRB- instead . `` The Spiral Draw Book '' by Doug Stillinger -LRB- published by Klutz and available through Amazon.com -RRB- is not nearly as elaborate as the old spirograph , with all of its cool , gimmicky-shaped gears . And at $ 19.95 , the Klutz product is certainly more expensive -- but it works !! Klutz says that it is `` not intended for children under 8 years '' . My 4-year-old daughter does require sustained assistance with it , but she * loves * it . I do , too !! The marketing geniuses at Hasbro should pull their heads out of their collective rear end and tap into the HUGE market of nostalgia-tripping parents -LRB- and grandparents -RRB- made up of discriminating people like ourselves.If you still have an insatiable jones for the late-60s Kenner original , go to eBay !! You 'll need deep pockets for the first-edition or `` mint-in-box '' versions , but you can pick it up pretty cheap if all you want is something with the original parts that works .
 What a HUGE disppointment this item is ! Absoultly NOTHING like the original classic I had as a child some 25 years ago . Hasbro should be ashamed of themselves for turning out this junky , cut-rate , knockoff . I am sorry I did not read any reviews before my mother spent $ 10 on this for her grandsons . My 4-year old nephew first went to use it on Christmas Day and the ball in the pen was faulty so the pen did not work . The meger handful of only round gears are too thin and cheaply made to track correctly . The paper slides all around under the frame . I have nothing good to say about this product .
 The idea is the same which is great ; however , you have to literally hold the template down while your child is making the design . Otherwise , the gear keeps sliding under the template . My 6-year-old -LRB- who just got this -RRB- was getting extremely frustrated & was almost in tears saying she 's not a baby while I held down the template . We finally just put it away for a bit & she 's not showing any interest in trying again .
 My son received this for his birthday today . I had already read enough reviews that influenced my decision NOT to get it for Christmas ... and boy were those reviews right on target ! This is cheaply made ... the gears do n't stay on , the paper slips , and it 's almost impossible to make a nice drawing , even for a mom , nevermind my 5 & 7 year old . Hasbro MUST go back to the old construction on these ! They were a fantastic toy back before Hasbro bought it out . Boo , I 'm sad , and I will be sending Hasbro a letter telling them what I think too !
 This product is good , well built but new fangled . Whatever happened to the good old multi gear spirograph . The additional bells , whistles and templates take away from what I remember as the magic of spirograph ... does anyone sell the good old spirograph ?
 The product consists of simple plastic light weight parts that do not lend themeselves to use by children.for whom the item is designed . The item is overpriced by the manufacturer .
 I bought this for my 4 year old daughter . She does n't know the old spirograph , so found it somewhat interesting -LRB- though difficult - see below -RRB- . However , I was thoroughly disappointed . It comes with a small set of orange drawing gears and just 3 template items to run them around in . Not the numerous gears and templates that I remember from the spirograph I had . Two of the templates are designed to fit within the third outer one , but the plastic warps so it is hard to keep flat and the gears keep slipping of track . The paisley shape is exceptionally difficult for a 4 year old to play with , leading her to become frustrated with the toy overall . The solid orange color of the gears also can make it difficult to see just what is happening with the drawing . Quite a bummer - now I 'm looking for the real thing and this will probably end up in a donation box .
 Not like the one I enjoyed so much when I was I little girl.We are experiencing the same problem as everyone else . The gears do n't line up , and keep sliding under the template . I was so excited to give this to my daughter , because it was something I enjoyed so much as a child.O well
 ... I remember as a child playing for HOURS with my spirograh making beautiful designs ! This model is in no comparison . The wheels will NOT stay in the grooves there-fore causing the paper to slip . It would be a CUTE toy if it worked right . This model needs to go back and be re-designed ...
 We got two of these for our kinder and pre-k girls for christmas . It is very disappointing . We found , like many of the other reviewers , the gears are too thin and the frame just sits on a table top - does n't latch to anything , so the gears are constantly slipping under the frame . It 's too bad . I remember this being a lot of fun when I was a kid .
 My parents had a Spirograph Deluxe when I was a kid . I remember spending hours making fancy designs and multi-colored pictures . I literally squealed when I found this at the store.How does it compare ? Not well , in most cases.The old set was made of a brittle plastic that broke easily if not carefully handled . The new set is made of a more flexible , softer plastic that MIGHT hold up better.The old set came with four multi-colored pens . The new one has one.The old set had multiple gears and other interchangeable `` bits '' to create thousands of shapes and configurations . The new set has seven gears , three gear templates and a clunky stencil . It 's very limited in options.The old set was precisely engineered so the gear teeth would mesh properly with any other gear . The new set does n't seem as carefully made , and the teeth taper toward the tips , so they slip.The old set came with a cardboard drawing surface and a set of pushpins to hold the paper and gears still as you worked . While it was n't perfect , it 's clearly better than the new set 's rubber feet which rest ON a standard sheet of paper , providing no stability whatsoever.The old set had a rigid plastic tray and a reusable cardboard box to keep everything in . The new set has a handy covered storage area for the gears and another for the single pen , but the stencil and gear template are separate . The packaging is not reusable . I need to find some way to keep everything together.The old set had tiny parts that a small child -LRB- under 8 -RRB- would find frustrating to use . The new set is made bigger for younger children . At least , that 's the theory.This set might be a good introduction to Spirograph while you 're saving up for the original on eBay . The name `` deluxe '' , however , is misleading . There 's nothing deluxe about it .
 This toy is terrible . Read all the reviews . It is cheap and does n't work . So sad , I had so much fun doing this as a child .
 I was excited when my daughter received this toy for her birthday . Who does n't remember the fun of making cool spirograph designs . Sadly , this toy is impossible for a child under 8 to use even though it says 5 and up . In addition , it is poorly designed . The gears often slip and the directions are incomplete . The directions to make designs say to use ` gear template ' circle 48 , circle 78 , or circle 64 . The problem is the openings on the gear template are not numbered and only one of the shapes is a circle . The other two shapes are kidney and oval ?!? Really disappointed with this toy .
 I know the tiny pins that held down the circles on the original product may be considered dangerous today but the new one simply does not work well . The shapes are awkward and not as cool as I remember . Skip this toy .
 Santa brought this present for our daughter , she loves to doodle and make projects . The top piece has too much of a gap and it does n't stay tight enough to hold the `` wheel '' on the paper.Very frustrating for kids .
 No one -LRB- neither the adults nor the kids -RRB- has been able to get * any * of the discs all the way around the gear without it slipping out . Hence , no pictures . At all . Complete waste of money , my son was so excited about it and nada .
 I was very excited to buy this for my daughter , remembering the fun I had with this toy as a child . the gear and drawing template are made with flimsy plastic that is bowed and does n't fit correctly in place , which causes the gears not to work.even without the gear template , the tray notches do n't fit correctly with the gear notches . VERY Disappointed ! I am going to take it back !
 I have wanted a spirograph for a while . I remember the old ones I had as a kid and they were great . This one , however , is made very cheaply . None of the circle pieces stay in the cut outs , so you ca n't get a good shape . They slip all around while trying to rotate them . I would not recommend this product .
 This is not worth it ; As an college educated adult , I have trouble getting this to work well , let alone my 4 year old son . Even though it 's cheap , I would n't buy it again ... it would be faster to just flush your money down the toilet .
 This version of the formerly wonderful Spirograph is so cheaply made that it barely functions as a toy , and is only marginally similar to the original.Although my wife and I were able to create some designs -LRB- 2 -RRB- with much ruined paper -LRB- 18 -RRB- , it became clear why our child could not use it
 My daughter got this toy as a Christmas present and she did not even get to play with it . The plastic bowes so much that the center ring slides under the toy , making it impossible to play with . Not well made at all . I 'm sure this could be fun , if the center piece snapped in , to keep it secure . Needs a good redesign .
 I had one as a kid in the eighties and I just loved it . So when my daughter received this as a gift I was just over the moon.And then we tried it out and ... it does n't work.The pink gear template does not snap into place allowing the small orange gears to slide around and it does n't create the pretty spiral it is supposed to . Why is it they had a great one in 1984 but 27 years later ... they sell a non-working version for quadruple the price ?
 I bought for my granddaughter hoping that she would enjoy as much as I did as a kid . Unfortunately in their effort to get more shapes they lost the concept of the original spirograph . I had trouble keeping the main part held down so the wheel that created the art form would not `` slip '' and mess up the design . Let alone an eight year to be able to do it . My opinion is thumbs down , bring back the original !
 This is just not the same . I bought this for my son . Now I am on the search for a different one . I do n't like the fact that it slips . It always slips . A lot of paper got wasted , and my son got angry . I tried and I got angry .
 I was very disappointed when I received this . It did not include the shoes as shown , the detailing on the jacket was different , and there was no badge . It did come with some type of paper Teddy Bear Sticker that was floating around in the bottom of the bag , but the glue on it was old and cracked and looked like it came from my grandmother 's attic . If this was intended to be the badge on the jacket , there would have been no way to attach . In fairness it is durable , just not what was expected or ordered .
 This product is not what I expected . It is a tiny little bottle of a zillion tiny legos . I would not have ordered it had I known more about what I was getting . The bottle is smaller than a gallon milk jug . I can not imagine that Amazon is getting this price for this item . I paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- with shipping from one of Amazon 's partner sellers and I wish I had n't bought it .
 I do n't know if it was just my box but I got 20 windows and doors , I wish it had different pieces . I feel like I got jipped!I ca n't build anything but a big house full of windows with a fence around it and trees .
 It 's listed as fondant , but when you get the bottle you will find it 's simply Wilton 's Icing Writing . They do make a Fondant Writer , but this is not it .
 We ordered this for our son because a full size table is too big for now . The first one came in and there were screws out of it but in the package . We could n't even screw some back in because the holes were stripped to the screw would n't get tight . The particle board/wood on another one was broken and one half of the table sat a little higher up than the other -LRB- it also came with the lines outlining the field scratched off in many places -RRB- . I realize this is n't that expensive of a table but being made in China , I did n't expect much quality and got what I expected . As for playing on it , that part is fun if you can get by the fact it 's built like a piece of garbage . Sent two of the three back . I would not recommend getting this if I were you.IF YOU DO WHAT I DID AND HOPE FOR A GOOD ONE , ONCE YOU GET ONE THAT LOOKS DECENT IT IS FUN TO PLAY . Also , noticed we got it through AMAZON as the seller for $ 99 with free shipping . Now , it 's through a 3rd party for a much higher price , $ 149.99 -LRB- and probably not free shipping -RRB- .
 I read the poor reviews before I purchased , but decided I would order anyway . I just wanted something I could play with my kids on occasion . No real need for top quality.When I received and opened the -LRB- undamaged -RRB- box , there were screws everywhere , loose in the box . At first I thought I would just get a screwdriver and put the screws back in and tighten them . The problem is the screws had been stripped out of the pressboard base of the table . There was no way to get the screws to tighten.I am making do with it as is . The hassle of returning for refund or replacement is just something I do n't have time for.Bottom line , the workmanship and quality as delivered is horrible .
 I purchased this table , with a 50/50 chance of getting a decent one , reading previous reviews . Upon arrival , this table never really opened totally straight , and after closing it and reopening it 2 more times , it became apparent that this would be in issue in trying to play ping pong on it . we returned it and will purchase a better quality one soon !
 The item when received was damaged on each corner of the fiber board . I probably could have delt with that but the construction was very poor . The screws were very small with no depth and coming loose as some where already loose in the box . The table is so small that only small children can play on this table . I returned the table . Would not recommend this purchase to anyone .
 Just as another buyer mentioned , as soon as I opened the box screws and washers flew out all over the place . I attempted to simply screw the loose tabletop into the base myself but it was impossible because the screws were stripped . One side of the table was also bent and there were several scratches on the table top as well . I highly suggest not wasting your money on this table . Mine was just shipped back , and I 'm currently awaiting a refund . Also , it took a week langer to get to me than it should have .
 I ordered this product and was emailed back hours later saying that it was back ordered and that my money would not be returned for 2-3 business days . This is ridiculous and disappointing , and I will not buy from here again .
 Do not buy this item . It is garbage . Not even close in terms of quality - not to mention it is crooked . The balls and paddles are fake . I think this company relies on the fact that it is large and very difficult to ship back for refund . Amazon should not sell such junk . Stay away .
 Do n't buy it ! Looks so cute on the picture and it would be fun and age appropriate etc. . BUT the dog ca n't stand . Those bendable legs do nothing but bend and the dog lies flat on his belly all the time . Immediate frustration for a toddler !!!
 This a cool looking toy but it just does n't work . The head and body pieces are simply too heavy to be supported by the legs so they always fall over . Very dissapointing and frustrating for the kids .
 I thought animals are bigger in size . These are very small animals . I would never buy any toys on the internet .
 I got this item today and im not impressed.the first thing that happened is that cloud 's leg came off and I swear there is no way to put it back on without using glue.If you do use glue cloud wont be able to move his leg.his hair is REALLY messed up and looks almost nothing like clouds hair.he does n't have that much of flexibility so you have to be really delicate.the sword is great ... but there is a part you take on and off to make him hold the sword which can really break the handle of the sword.he comes with a hand that he can hold the sword with.the Fenri looks great and realistic but it is really hard to put cloud on it without breaking him.and it does n't include the ability to store cloud 's sword .
 I bought a 41 '' version of this kite at BJs , and it was a real hassle to put together . It was n't very windy , but I was able to get another 2D kite in the air pretty quickly . This kite was much harder to get into the air , and does n't look any more special than a 2D kite . While I was trying to get it flying I ended up dragging it a few times . One of the end points wore out after those few drags and the material ripped , because the end point had so much friction with the ground . Also , compared to a 2D kite it is much more bulky when not in use , and takes up more room when you carry it . The 200 ' twine was barely enough . The reel is n't bad , and really useful for letting a lot of twine quickly , but it 's tough to reel in the kite when under heavy stress . I also thought that the nylon looked pretty cheap.Unless you 're into challenging yourself with putting together a kite and easily wowed by `` 3D '' marketing , then you may like this kite , especially if there is plenty of wind . For most people I would advise to stay away .
 The product looks NOTHING like the photo . The finger was YELLOW . It looked like a 5 year old made it . I threw it right in the garbage . Do n't waste your time or money with this company .
 The rubber finger looke nothing like the picture , mine is total white , kinda yellow , like it was under the sun for a year or something . ALL FAINT OUT !! I do n't like it at all .
 I was highly disappointed in this product . It is labeled as a thin padded sliding short . Please show me where the padding is , because all I see is a double layer of fabric over the hip and outside thigh area . My daughter is a highly competitive player on both travel teams and high school varsity . These shorts would offer no protection in sliding circumstances . However , she loved how they fit and felt ; they are very comfortable . As a compression short , I would rate them very high , a definite A + . Unfortunately , we need padded sliding shorts that offer protection to a player . These do n't fit that bill , due to the lack of good padding .
 Since purchasing this `` Executive '' set , I have purchased another one at a local store . Although both sets are relatively the same , the instruction package with my second set is much better . The sea monkeys in the `` Executive '' set lasted about a month and a half . This was due to the fact that the instructions on how to care for them were very vague . We did not know that you needed to add air to the water or that over feeding was extremely bad for them . The instructions in the sea monkey set we bought locally were very good and we have now had sea monkeys for over 3 months . I believe the `` Executive '' set is overpriced as well .
 We went through the process of cleaning the tank and sterilizing the water , adding the package of sea monkeys , and finally feeding the sea monkeys and NOTHING happened . -LRB- ... -RRB- . Hope these are not dead .
 This ball is so small that an infant could throw it . Please do n't try to buy it for your toddler , the thing is just not worth it.disappointed ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 GOES FLAT QUICKLY . Too bad because it 's a cute ball , fits little hands well , and the texture makes it easy to grasp . But a ball is not a ball if it become s a deflated piece of rubber .
 My 2 yr old girl got this for her birthday . It took her awhile to warm up to it , but once she did , she loved it ! Unfortunately , it has developed a couple of leaks which we have n't been able to find yet , and she 's -LRB- ahem , I 'm -RRB- not happy as its a good toy in which she gets out her excessive amount of energy . We 've only had it for 3 months , and she 's been using it moderately/heavily for only about a month or so . I have been very , very careful to not let her wear shoes in it , keep things that might puncture it out , etc , for fear of this exact thing , but its happened anyway ... Sigh .
 This sure looked like a cute toy when I took it out of the package . Unfortunately , as soon as I inflated it I noticed leaks in two of the panels that made the toy unusable . I have had no luck getting my money back from CMS and am stuck with a lemon . I would not buy an inflatable toy online ever again .
 We bought this toy last Christmas for our two boys ages 3 and 5 . They had a jumping blast with it , although we constantly had to remind them to ease up since they actually could topple it over -LRB- on our X-mas tree !! -RRB- . Even though it was a great toy for the winter , it only lasted about one month . I guess the seams were not able to withstand two toddlers jumping !! A perfect waste of money !!
 This product had 3 holes in it within 9 days of purchase . One hole is where the wall meets the floor and is impossible to patch . .
 We purchased this product for our 4-year-old and she loved it . It unfortunately , did n't hold up well enough for her to enjoy it very long - and it was n't because she was overly rough or abusive.Leaks developed all along the seams , and there are a lot of seams . So , after about 5 minutes , there would no longer be enough air in the bouncer for her to bounce . We repaired the first few , but then it developed so many leaks we simply could n't repair them all , and the repairs did not hold . -LRB- All the initial repairs were made using the supplied repair materials . These materials covered about 4 repairs total . We had to resort to trying other repair methods after that . Those did n't work much better . -RRB- This was a total waste of money - especially since we could have purchased 3-4 regular trampolines for the same price .
 We have never used this outside - yet we have 2 , or more , leaks that we ca n't seem to fix . It came with one patch , but that did n't work ... so we 've got it covered with electrical tape , etc , yet air continues to leak out . We inflate it before each use , which is loud and ridiculous , but our son loves to play on it . It 's also really big .
 This would have been a fantastic winter toy for my 2 and 5 five year old children ... but of course it was too good to be true . The first bouncer had three pinholes in the 2nd tier near the spears . Yes , amazon was helpful with the exchange but the same problem existed with the replacement but only in the third tier . Each time it was very hard to find the leaks ... always around the seams . I would not reccomend this model unless they 've improved the craftmanship around the seams . This item should only take 10-15 minutes to inflate wth the recommended electric pump . If it is taking longer start running your fingers around the seams feeling for the leaks . Good luck .
 I bought this item for my 2yr old son for Christmas this past year and when it arrived we got it setup for Christmas morning . He loved bouncing around in the castle and playing with his friends , they enjoyed playing pretend and battling with the swords . But the disappointing part was it only lasted for about two weeks because the seems in the castle started coming apart and it all started to deflate . And let me clarify , these were not holes but the actual seems where the compartments were put together were just coming apart and leaking air out . So I am now in the process of trying to return this item for a replacement , we 'll see how that goes . Overall , if you want something fun for your child this is great , but if you want something that will last this is not the a good choice . You may want to buy something else that will last ...
 even though my daughter is just under 35 lbs.The joint -LRB- bottom -RRB- cracked and now it is just a piece of junk.Not sure if it is worth returning it back to the store.I was wondering if anyone has any idea what sort of glue I need to seal it off .
 My 4 year old got this on his birthday in July . Already bored with it . First of all we found that if 2 children leaned on the same side , it tipped over . This was the most fun for my son . Other than that , he grew tired of it VERY quickly . It constantly needs to be reinflated as it tends to lose air quickly . One of the swords has had a leak in it since day 1 . I consider it a waste of money . On the other hand my 2 year old nephew loves it . I would not recommend it for over 3 years of age .
 My kids -LRB- 1 year and 3 years -RRB- love this thing . They play in it together or with friends almost every day.That said , the bottom chamber popped after about 6 months . It can be inflated in about 30 seconds with an electric pump -LRB- a necessity with the Jumpolenes -RRB- and will last about 5-6 hours ... so not the end of the world.The chamber they jump on popped the other day , after about 8 months . I can inflate it but it only lasts about 1/2 an hour.In all ... lots of fun for the short time it lasted .
 I bought this for my son and he did n't like it as much as I thought , I bought it instead of a trampoline , the castle is not the same effect . Before anyone even used it , it lost a ton of air , we had to re-pump it all the time . I would n't recommend it , But I will say on a positve note I returned it with any problems at all they were super awesome about it , for that reason alone I will do all my purchases through them .
 I read all the reviews befor I bought this , it does n't seem anyone else has the same problem I have . We recieved the jump0lene less than a month ago and have been patching it every since . We use it in the house and my 2 , and 3 year olds jump on it . We patched the third hole the other day . I would NOT recomend this product to a friend . I feel like I thew my money away . This is NOT a quality product .
 We saw this product and thought that out of all the bouncy houses we could get , it was the most affordable , and smallest -LRB- since it was going to be indoors -RRB- that would also be fun . It WAS fun for our just-turned 4 yr old daughter , she loved it , and loved bouncing in it , and hanging out in it like a little fort . HOWEVER , if you read other reviews you will see this is a huge issue
 I bought this last year for my kids . They total about 70 pounds . It popped within 2 days and I found the hole and applied a patch . It did it again a few days later and I could n't find the hole . It is too big to put all the seams under water . Skip this .
 My children received this jump house as a gift for Christmas . We put it up two days before Christmas and the kids loved it . It does take up a lot of space and even with an electric pump it took us 30 minutes to inflate it . Unfortunately the castle deflated two days ago . I found one hole at one of the seams of the bottom and the walls have another hole which I have not been able to locate.I am very dissapointed that this structure gave out so fast . We never had more than three children jump in it -LRB- more than three do n't fit in anyways -RRB- . And none of my children weigh more than 35lbs . It should be able to take the weight of three kids - but I guess not.So this jumphouse has lasted three weeks - very disappointing . I am going to contact Amazon for a replacement .
 This is my first review ... It cost $ 28 to ship this thing , we spent another $ 50 on a high grade electric air pump and it still took over an hour and a half to inflate ! It is too big for inside the house , but it takes too long to inflate for any short term use outside . Seemed like a really great idea ... but I was wrong !!! My 21/2 year old was tired of it by the time we got the thing up .
 The bouncer took over an hour to pump up the first time ON AN ELECTRIC PUMP . And on the second day I had it , I discovered that there was a small , impossible to find , leak in the base of the bouncer . So , every time my 2 year old wants to play with it , I have to refill the base with the pump . It 's too big for the house but if you leave it outside , it gets all disgusting from the elements . Pumping it up and taking it down every day is impossible unless you have an extra two hours every day -LRB- and who has that extra time with a two year old -RRB- . So for now , it sits , like a white elephant , in my back yard and I keep filling it up every day when my son goes outside . I would return it if I could . Bottom line . I 'm sorry I got it .
 Not durable at all , flat in a week , patches do not work as kids want to jump on it , waste of money .
 My daughter loved this toy when we bought it . I did n't get the pump , and it took us forever to inflate it . so if you have to have this toy , make sure to get the pump or use an attachment that works with a vacuum cleaner . Within a month , the seams were splitting and it would deflate . We were even cautious about kids getting on it without shoes ! the only places where we got air leaks were the seams , and the patch kit did n't quite seal those up .
 I bought this for my boys -LRB- ages 2 & 4 -RRB- for Christmas , hoping it would give them something to do indoors all winter . They enjoyed it for a little while , but not enough for the room it takes up and the price . After about 10 uses in 4 weeks , we went downstairs to find that it had deflated . I had read other reviews about how it got holes in the seams , but thought `` that wo n't happen to me . '' It did . If you do buy it , buy it from the `` R Us '' place , not Intex , and buy the R Us $ 6.99 15-month protection plan .
 This castle lasted just two weeks , before it stopped holding air for more than a couple of hours . We were very careful about what could go in , such as no hard toys , no shoes , no clothing with zippers , etc. . We bought two sets of balls , which were suggested . We have a 4 yrs old and a 2 yrs old . They loved the idea of the bouncing / jumping castle but quickly converted it to a castle fortress , using a king size sheet to cover it , because of the lack of `` bounce '' when inflated . They quickly lost interest in using it as a fortress , because the castle material stays cold . We bought this castle to provide entertainment and exercise during the winter months , but it did n't last one month . We would not recommend the Jump O Lene Castle Bouncer .
 We 've only had this bouncer for a month and are already on hole # 6 . It is not overinflated at all , and my 1 and 4 yr olds mostly just use it for a tent -LRB- It is so underinflated they ca n't get good bounce -RRB- . The company has HORRIBLE customer service and said they offer no warranty on it -LRB- probably b/c they know it is made so poorly -RRB- . I had high hopes for this , but now it is trash . If it was made better I might like it , but since it is so poorly constructed and the company obviously does not care about their consumers I would not recommend this to anyone .
 This product only lasted 3 days . Has had more tears and leaks than can be repaired . Not worth $ 1.00 .
 I must say that this toy was a real blast for my kiddos , HOWEVER , the quality is really poor . I got this for a gift for my kids and it popped at the seems after the 2nd time using it ! Then it just kept ripping after patching it ! I would not recommend paying $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for this since it pops extremely easy . I never even let me kids jump in this ! I just used it as a ball pit . Very dissapointed !
 my grandson loves it but i ca n't keep up with the hole 's i have to fix on the seams . my grandson is 3 years old and the only one to play in it . ikeep the air ware it should be but ihave had to patch 4 seams overall not a good buy
 I purchased 2 of the Jump-O-Lene Bouncers for both my l year old Grandsons for their Birthday . The Top -LRB- Yellow -RRB- part of the bouncer deflated the first day on BOTH of the bouncers . The boys love them , but I am very disappointed . If the top part already deflated , the whole thing wo n't last for very long . I feel your company should stand by your product and either refund my money , or send 2 new bouncers for my Grandsons .
 I want to clarify before I make my statement . I did not purchase this exact item . I am commenting on Toys-R-Us 's version of the castle bouncer that they carry in stores , I do not see it listen on the website currently . This item shown here is not available in the store , online only as I was told . Anyway , I purchased the other version of this bouncer a couple weeks ago and am extremely disappointed with it !! My child loved it , he just turned 2 , although he liked it more to lay in and watch tv in rather than jump . I has been very lightly used in the couple weeks we have had it and from the first couple days was leaking air from several seams and the main seem in the center of the bounce area that keeps the bouncer stabilized has come completely apart leaving it useless . It is now dangerous for my child to even sit on much less bouce because it flips over on top of him . The store will not exchange !! I feel that the Toys R Us castle bouncer should be recalled because I do not feel it is well made and poses a possible danger . I do plan on reporting this further and suggest consumers to stay away from that product . I only hope that this brand castle bouncer is better made , my intention was to purchase this bouncer but as I said was told that it is not carried in the store .
 We received this bouncy castle as a gift . I do n't recommend blowing it up manually , as we did . It takes days , but we did n't have an electric air pump on hand , just an old hand airpump . My daughter -LRB- 3 at the time -RRB- thought it was quite fun for about 10 minutes every few days , for about a month . Definitely generates some decent static electricty in the drier winter weeks.Honestly , she has gotten a lot more enjoyment out of the balls that come with it . Sorting them , throwing them , rolling them , etc. . I 'd skip the bouncer and get a huge bag of balls . Also , as was to be expected , a hole in the top -LRB- turret-part -RRB- layer happened , which does n't render it useless , per se . Too cumbersome , however , to put it in water to find the source and patch it with the enclosed patch.I 've been meaning to get rid of it for a long time and called Intex today to find out what to do about its end-of-life . Discovered it 's made of PVC -LRB- polyvinyl chloride -RRB- , a type of phthalate . As an important note -- phthalates have been found to disrupt the endocrine system and are linked to other health problems -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , like many other things today -LRB- I do realize that -RRB- . When I asked that the rep pass along my concerns about the PVC material to the Marketing Dept , I was informed that `` their producats are within acceptable phthalate levels . `` I see that they are advertising a phthalate-free castle here on Amazon , but the customer service woman never asked which particular Jump-o-lence bouncy castle I had -LRB- i.e. , a new phthalate-free version versus an older phthalate-laden one -RRB- . She told me straight away it 's made of PVC and it has `` safe phthalate levels . '' Therefore , I 'm doubting how phthalate-free the phthalate-free one could actually be.I would never have bought this and we really did n't need it as a gift . It did n't do a good job at keeping attention spans , it 's not very durable , it 's not easy to recycle , and it 's filled with phthalates -LRB- as are many things , but why add extra exposure ? -RRB- . I would not recommend this item . -LRB- Instead buy someTwig -LRB- 72 Piece Set -RRB- blocks orCitiblocs Cool Colors Precision Cut Building Blocks -LRB- 200 Piece Cool -RRB- both -LRB- usually -RRB- less expensive and always more durable , more educational , more imaginative , and more environmentally-friendly . -RRB-
 We bought this one for older daughter 3 years ago hen she was 2.5 years old . She had a great fun . I paid $ 40 for a new one at Walmart back then . After 1 year , that bouncer got leaks and I had to throw it away.Now I am looking for a bouncer for my younger daughter who is 18 month old now . Now exactly the same model is $ 90 ? I am not going to buy it .
 I thought it was a bouncer , as the toy is called , what can a child do in this kind of toy , sit in there and watch the ceiling ? instead it is a plastic ring , my granddaughter hardly gets in it to play , I filled it with balls but it is not an interesting place to be in . it just occupies most of her play room.to call it jump o lene castle bouncer is misleading .
 We purchased this item for our two toddlers for Christmas and did not set it up until last month . When we set it up the kids loved it . Problem we had was the item would not stay inflated . It lasted a bout 2 days then started to deflate . We assume it must be a leak somewhere but can not find the leak . Contacted Amazon and they have a 30 day return policy so we are stuck with it . I would not recommend this item . Not durable and we followed the weight rules and assembly directions . Too bad as the castle is cute if it would only stay inflated .
 I purchased this toy for my 1 year old and 3 year old for christmas . It lasted for about 1.5 months before getting its FIRST hole . I am now trying to find the 3rd hole in the product . My kids loved it for the 45 days they were actually able to play with it . For the money it cost , I had hoped it would last longer than that . A waste of money .
 If you purchase this boat , be prepared to be very disappointed when you open up the package , the balls are not useable , they are all `` squished '' . I had to deal directly with the manufacturer to get some resolve with the balls , and even then I had to call them twice . This was purchased as a Christmas gift for my grandson , it 's now February , and still it sits , cause the new balls just came in yesterday , does n't seem to be worth the wait .
 I was so excited to get this ! I blew it up , put my baby inside and he thought it was great ! But it quickly got a hole in it . . then another . . the sides velcro on side and he pulled them off all the time . The other toys did not stay on where they should . The balls were very easily bent in . I was sad to see it go quicker than I expected . : -LRB-
 We thought this toy would make a great gift , but unfortunatly we used it for about 15 min . and it deflated due to a gash in the side . It came this way it was the worst toy we ever bought for my son .
 This game is just way to complicated . I have been playing board , minature , card , and strategy games for years but this one ranks as the most confusing one I have played yet . It is far too complicated and my gaming friends agree.Buy a game of Talisman or another interesting fantasy game . Pass this one by !
 I love the concept of everyone cooperating to reach the end of the game . If only more games were more cooperative and less competitive ! However , I work at an elementary school after school program -LRB- with children in grades 2nd-7th -RRB- , and this is one of the least played of all the games . It took almost the whole 90 minutes to get through the first board -LRB- what was it , Moria ? -RRB- with the instructions in hand , and everyone forgot how to play 24 hours later . The rules are just too complicated . Perhaps one gets the hang of it after playing it through a couple times , but I doubt many groups of children can get through it the first time without an adult 's help -LRB- but even the teacher who was overseeing the game could n't figure it out totally , and I certainly could not get through it -RRB- . But I 'm more into games with simple rules like Checkers anyway .
 Not as advertised ! I was deciding whether to get the cheaper version with cardboard cutouts instead of the more expensive version with miniatures and ring and all . I decided I would go ahead and get the more expensive version , and what do I get ? The cheaper version . $ 80 for the same cheap version that I could have gotten for way less ! Do n't trust End Zone Hobby ! They 'll rip you off !
 We picked this up at a garage sale . The game was in excellent condition for being a few years old , probably because it was played once then stowed away because it was too difficult to figure out . We opened it up and looked through the nearly 20 page instruction book . Bad sign for the impatient . The book has you jumping back and forth through the pages to learn about each aspect . The game board 's setup diagram left out key directions , such as separating the Feature Cards by cities . And who on Earth is Fatty ?! My wife read the books and did n't remember any characters with that name . Could n't they have chosen someone else?After an hour , we -LRB- two very intelligent people -RRB- were still batting our eyes at the instructions , trying to figure it out as we played along . My wife wanted to quit after us not having even begun , but I ended up convincing her to play along , and we did for a total of two and a half hours , while continuing to figure the game out , missing steps and constantly reminding each other to remember common steps . The worst part was the huge let down at the end , when we were supposed to win . Apparently we were fortunate enough to make it to the end of the game board with only two of us playing . Anyhow , the directions were so terrible that we had won and did n't know it , because there were so many rules to follow and steps to take that we did n't know if there was something more we had to do in order to win . Finally , we just decided that we 'd won and threw everything back into the box to be resold on eBay!The concept is great
 I bought this game as a Christmas gift for my 12-year-old son based on the previous readers ' ratings . My son sat down with the game and immediately asked for help understanding the rules . His two college-age brothers read through the rules , and with some adult interpretation , had the game ready to begin play in something just over one hour . By then the 12-year-old had lost interest . My older sons and I went ahead and played the game , though uncertain we were doing it correctly until well into the effort.While the game is rather elegant as well as educational and fun , it is agrevating to set up and learn . The directions are not particularly `` user friendly '' . This despite some effort by the makers -- there is a 16-page booklet with complete instructions and also a four page `` Rules Summary '' brochure for -LRB- all -RRB- those who will need reminding of what to do next . The ramp-up to understanding how to play this game is discouraging ... at least for the recommended age group , starting at 12 . The directions take thoughtful reading -LRB- and often re-reading -RRB- . I 'm sure further play will improve the experience . The art work and game tokens are wonderful , and the game itself interesting for Tolkien fans . But buy with willingness to make the time investment , and for children willing to wait .
 Ink in pen had dried up before it arrived and was impossible to even perform the trick.Also , instead of them pulling the bill , they try to grab the pen instead .
 This is not the same item shown in the Brio catalogue . The actual Bob the Builder Deluxe set has many more items -LRB- 32817 -RRB- . The actual item here is Scoop and Lofty wooden set -LRB- 32811 -RRB- . If you order item as seen in catalogue 's or elsewhere as the Deluxeyou will be disappointed . Check the Brio 2003 catalogue .
 I do not think this Jack Sparrow bobblehead looks like the ad or the picture on the box it comes in . I do n't think the face on the figurine resembles Johnny Depp as Jack Sparrow . Looking at the ad , I thought it looked really good . I was so disappointed with the real thing . If I had seen a picture of the actual bobblehead , I would n't have bought this item .
 This Product Is A Nice Product To Have , But The one I Recieved Was Broken , And When I Contacted Them About it , They Said That They Would Ship Me One Back Right Away . And They did n't , cause they also told me that they would let me know when it had shipped and so far it has n't .
 I was expecting to learn something about FM radios from this . It is basically an antenna , an earphone , everything else you need to build an AM radio , and an FM module that snaps in . The manual says the FM module is too touchy to be built by the customer , but it is a few resistors and capacitors . There is n't much point to buying this over an AM only kit without getting to learn something you can reproduce . As usual with these kits , there is n't much math , theory , or educational value to them . Just a short manual that tells you how to put it together . I really do n't know anything more about how to design a radio circuit than when I started . I can kind of hear one FM station amongst a ton of really loud buzzing and static . I really think that the kit would have turned out better if they had let me build the FM module and explained how to make fine adjustments to it . That would have been both educational and would have resulted in me having a functional product for my money.I 'm not saying it is a total ripoff , but if you want to learn something , get the book Make
 It was a bit frustrating to see that after an hour of assembly we were missing a part and another capacitor was held together with tape . For 11 bucks i did n't expect much , but i did expect to get all the parts and not disappoint my kids ...
 I bought this kit for my 10 year old son , and it was an exercise in frustration . He likes science , he likes electronics , and he likes things to work . This kit taught him almost nothing about electronics , and did n't really work very well at the end of 2 days of effort -LRB- with heavy assist from Father who used to major in EE -RRB- . What a waste of money and his effort . All it did was teach him that kits are cheap and not worth the effort .
 I purchased this item for a gift , but when my little nephew got it he said that the string that pulls the balloons back and launches it had no elasticity to it . The balloons only when about 2 inches out of the launcher . He was very disapointed but his older brother is going to rigg it for him . I would not buy this item again !
 The pieces were much smaller then I expected . The picture is cute and I would be totally be surprised if a three year old could ever put it together .
 I have never been able to figure out how to play this game . It has been stored since I got it .
 Professional gaming ? I bet these people took a doormat , put it in horrible plastic wrap and shipped it off as a mahjong table cover . Do n't buy this . The pictures mislead you into thinking there is a case for this . There is n't . There is a plastic wrap that arrived already broken and it is impossible to take the `` table cover '' out without cutting the wrap . It arrives rolled up and when playing Mahjong , you literally have to place something heavy on the sides so it does n't roll back into a cylinder.I had to content with rolling it up and carrying it around tied with a rubber band . This is not worth it 's price . Buy a doormat .
 My eight year old spent about 10 minutes with this and walked away.No educational value at all . Just press in the right position to flip the spiderman . How many times does a child want to do that ?
 Buenas noches . Escribo para decir que realmente esperaba una mejor calidad de proyector . Sinceramente , tuve un view master de ni & ntilde ; o y por eso lo compre a mi hija , pero los detalles de calidad con muy pobres . Por ejemplo cuando se cambia para ver otra imagen dentro del mismo disco se ve el resorte dentro del equipo . Adem&aacute;s que cuando le pega mucha luz la imagen se hace poco nitida.Espero no desalentar a los que pudiera querer comprar uno.Saludos y buenas noches . -LRB- Comentario va sin acentos -RRB-
 I 'm not sure what the problem is with this viewer , but every reel I put in it is hard to see . I 've cleaned the front lenses , and they are not the problem . The middle of each picture has a funny grainy distortion to it .
 I ordered this for my boyfriend just as a gag . We 're both huge Family Guy fans so I thought it would be funny . I was dissapointed when I received it in the mail and saw just how small it was . Definitely not the size of your average football . I put it in his stocking this Christmas and got a little laugh out of him . Oh well , it 's Stewie and none the less , it 's cute .
 Length :
 The Radica Cube World Global Get A Way is n't nearly as much fun as I thought it would be . Basically , it is n't worth the money spent . We have all of the Cube World people and this item should have been an excellent add on . Unfortunately , there are only a few getaways , so it becomes boring very quickly . The little guys are way more interesting . Stick with them .
 This product is not worth ordering . It is almost twice the size of an actual Shih Tzu . It is hard and stiff and does not sit like the picture . It will shed and face is not as cute as picture . I ordered it for my brothers son after he visited and wanted to take my real dog home with him . I ended up sending this item back .
 Looks NOTHING like the picture . Picture is very cute , what we received looks like a totally different animal and NOT in a good way . And it sheds like crazy , as soon as my son picked it up he got a mouthful of hair . Do NOT waste your $ . Love melissa and Doug products , very disappointed in them w the quality of this .
 I have to re-construct the appearance of the dog ! In the picture , the head of the dog was rounded , I got mine flat ! The picture looks like the stuff toy is soft and cuddly ... but its NOT ! Its not huggable coz it feels like a big chunk of stuff clothing rather than soft cotton . I wish I can return this product but Im running out of time to get one .
 This toy was a lot of fun while it worked . Unfortunately , after 3 times , it became unresponsive . Sad ...
 The kids ages 2 and 4 loved this but it stopped working after 2 days of mild play . The repeat back seemed garbled and when you pushed the button the parrot sings happy birthday which was cool because it was a bday gift for my daughter . We are returning this toy , very cheaply made ... I 'd be interested in a better quality version .
 The parrot moved and flapped wings the first time , then never again . It repeats the last syllable you say , nothing else . We chuckled a couple of times . Disappointing . I returned the parrot .
 Not very good quality . The Parrots voice is garbled , does n't really seem to work properly . I bought this for my grandson but am disappointed with it . Seems to work hit and miss .
 One of the battery compartments on the bottom would n't stay on , so I had to tape it to keep shut . Then , the &#34; talking &#34; mechanism for the parrot would stick most of the time , so it would repeat part of the phrase and then &#34; stick &#34; . Also , you had to be REALLY close for the bird to pick up your voice at all . I put in brand new batteries , thinking that might be the problem , but it made no difference . I was really disappointed as I had purchased one of these parrots locally about 15 years ago . The quality was great -- in fact , you could put the bird down and speak something from across the room , and it would repeat . Also seems like the original allowed you to say a longer phrase -- this version only allows a few words . Overall , poor quality made this a big disappointment for me ... but once again , I am thankful for Amazon 's great customer service and return policy !!
 I bought this for my 6 years old daughter and after opening the box tried to talk to the toy i do not see brightness or happiness in her face . Which indicate it is not upto the kids expectation .
 I bought this for my son 's birthday . The product appeared to be used when it arrived . It did not work so great when I tried it , so I tried different batteries , as suggested by a previous reviewer . The best I could get was a muffled repeat . It 's a neat idea for a toy , but I am disappointed . I am trying to return this product , and was told I would get emailed a return tag within two days , but that was six days ago and still no return tag .
 I was not happy at all with my purchase . I ordered the parrot & paid over night for a retirement party . When I received the parrot it did not work and we were in a jam for the retirement gift . I did return the product but had paid over night charges which will not be reimbursedLinda Riendeau
 ok this is what you call wasting your money for something cheap . . you cant hear what the parrot says . . its just noise . . the only thing I like about it is cause it looks cute . . but I dont think its worth the money to just leave it there ...
 I must have gotten a defective parrot . Reviews for this product were great so I bought it as a birthday gift for my 4 year old daughter , who is obsessed with parrots . I 've changed the batteries three times -LRB- The third I tried re-chargeable batteries that had just been re-charged . -RRB- and the bird only flaps it 's wings , moves it 's mouth , and makes a static sound . Even though the toy is defective She 's so excited about it and does n't want to have to wait for a new one.If I could do it over again , I 'd open and try out the parrot before giving it as a gift so I could return it and get one that works properly .
 A friend had what appeared to be this item . It was adorable , the repeat speech was understandable and sounded just like the person doing the speaking.I was thrilled to find what I thought was the same parrot on Amazon.com . When I received the Parrot , it did n't work . It did n't repeat clearly and what little it did repeat sounded tinny . I put in a new set of batteries and that did n't improve the performance.I had ordered the same item for a friend in Washington and she had the same experience with her Parrot . We both returned the Parrots and were immediately credited for the purchase , but we were sure disappointed because the original we had seen was so desirable .
 This toy has never worked properly . I work with disabled students and this product is of extremely poor audio quality . Beautiful Asa decoration , but only repeats static .
 I ordered this parrot by accident . I was clicking around looking at toys for Christmas . I accidentally placed two items in my cart -LRB- this parrot being one -RRB- . When I finalized the purchase and went back to review the total , I could n't believe I had an extra parrot and an extra outfit . So I contacted both sellers to cancel the orders . The seller of the clothing responded within 6 hours and cancelled the order with no problem . The seller of the parrot decided not to respond , and then shipped me a parrot . Oh , and I got nailed for $ 29 in shipping . Yes , $ 29 for a $ 12 toy . It seems like a nice toy , and I 'd probably give it 3.5 stars . I have to take off a little for the lack of customer service and getting taken to the cleaners on the shipping . I guess I wo n't be shopping online anymore when I am tired !
 Ordered this for my 3 year old for Christmas . Fortunately , I decided to test drive it before wrapping it up . It 's cute , just averagely made . Bright colors , the stand looks cheap but that does n't take away from the toy . You have to unscrew the battery compartment to put in 4 AA batteries . Pete immediately started repeating whatever I said or just sounds close to him -LRB- like me attempting to move his wings -RRB- . His beak and wings did n't move . Perhaps if I did n't know they 're supposed to I 'd have kept him but I felt moving wings would give him 5 points rating . So I 'm returning him and probably getting another to complete the gifts for the kids . The audio was good and clear . Hopefully the kids will love him too -LRB- the replacement -RRB- . UpdateDecided to go with a furby instead for $ 30 extra I get a whole funny looking pet .
 I bought it for my daughter for Christmas one year . We were trying to help her talk more , and she did n't really like it . My son ended up playing with it more than her . All in all it broke pretty quickly , so not really a great toy for children under 10 . Could see it being nice as a novelty for adults though .
 My two and a half year old daughter has been asking for a parrot and After reading through the positive reviews , I was fairly convinced this is the right one . But overall thus purchase turned out to be a disappointment . The toy is really loud with no volume control . The item came sort of broken . I could not make the toy sit on the stand that came with it .
 I teach math at the university level and love to use colors when lecturing . It makes notes and diagrams pop , and makes it easier for the students to learn . However , I go monochrome when my only option is Crayola chalk . The colors look washed out and are hard to distinguish . Good chalk writes smoothly . Crayola does n't . The final nail in the coffin is the fact that it does n't erase well . I have to scrub the blackboard to get this junk to erase .
 This chalk is just so-so . My son has tried it on his chalk board and it is very faint . The colors are not bright and you have to press harder to get it to write on a traditional chalkboard . No one in the family likes this chalk .
 This chalk does not work on chalkboards . I did n't buy this chalk on this site , but I thought I 'd write a review so people were n't tempted to purchase . I bought the chalk for a mere .99 cents , but even at that price , it was not worth it . It does not write on chalkboards . You ca n't see the drawn lines , let alone to color in a picture on a chalkboard as a lot of kids like to do . Maybe this will work on cement , but there are much bigger and sturdier sidewalk chalks for that . It 's as if the chalk itself does not have the right properties in it . I have chalk from when I was a kid , over 30 years ago , that works perfectly . I do n't know if it 's Crayola or all `` new '' chalk , but definitely , do n't buy this Crayola brand !
 I personally would n't have bought this because of the horrible reviews . My kids received this chalk as a gift with an easel for Christmas , and it does n't work AT ALL on the chalk board . I had some Prang white chalk on hand , and that worked great . I 'll be buying the Prang colored chalk .
 To keep it short , I bought this chalk at a local grocery when they had no other brands available . Tried it out and the chalk was - stale - , there 's just no other way to put it . It 's not me accidentally complaining about extra-durable chalk , as it still broke upon the first minute of use . The chalk simply would n't reliably transfer to my traditional slate board , scratching at my slate board more often than coloring or writing on it . It 's like an ancient pencil eraser that has it 's outermost layer petrify over time . But there 's no getting at a yummy Tootsie Roll center that with this chalk . Try as I might to wear it down it was simply bad chalk , through and through.If you want quality , or , y' know , just something that works as intended , buy Prang 's Hygieia brand chalk instead . It 's basic , very affordable at about $ 1 flat for the same amount of chalk , unpretentious , and can be bought in a surprisingly many shops that deal in drawing and art supplies . Plus , Prang 's chalk is made in France . When was the last time you bought something made in - France - ?
 We bought this V-Tech Tablet Notebook for our son -LRB- age eight -RRB- for Xmas . The thing never turned on ! Put in fresh batteries , read the manual , called VTech , nothing . Amazon gladly exchanged it for another . Now , this one turns on but the screen freezes after 30 seconds of play time and then we ca n't get it to turn on again for hours . Very frustrating . I can say , however , that our son thought it was cool for the two minutes he got to play with it . What 's wrong with this thing and why have the other `` reviewers '' not had this problem ?
 This toy has the look and feel of a real laptop . It is purely educational and not very fun at all . It claims to have 120 games but there are several of the same games which are seen 4 or 5 times each but in different catergories . Ours was purchased for our kindergarten son on his sixth birthday so most of the activities are much too advanced for him . His eight year old friend picked it up and became bored and put it down within 5 minutes .
 the box sais `` extra thick dominoes '' I would hate to see regular thickness . These are thin peices of cardboard that you punch out . My kids can still play dominoes but the fun of standing them up and knocking them all down is so far from a possibility it is n't even funny . I thought this would be a good substitute for my little one . Her older sister has dominoes and my little one loves Dora . We may as well have cut up a box and glued paper pictures of dora on the and saved the 10 dollars .
 I bought this for my 3 year old daughter because she loves Dora . We opened it up , punched out all of the cards , and looked for the directions for the game . Well ... there is no game . I have no idea what the point is of the game , so we had to make something up in order to use it . Needless to say , we 've only played it once and my daughter has n't asked for it again . Maybe we can play go fish with it next time .
 I was very disappointed in this game . There was something inside that you could hear , but I thought it was unimportant . On Christmas we put the batteries in it and it froze up all right ... it would not work at all . I decided that if it broke that easily , I did n't even want to get a replacement . It was quite disappointing to have that happen when grandchildren open a gift .
 The freeze up game although showing a fair amount of good reviews is actually a piece of tacky garbage . Do not waste your money . Just one more product that fails because retailers just do not care.I bought this one for my grandchildren and we did not get to use it even once because it is shabby construction . What a shame .
 I ordered this game as a Christmas gift for my daugter . Received it today , not happy . The carton had obviously been opened and taped back together . When I re-opened it to see if the toy worked , I could easily see why someone else sent it back . The Phillip 's screw head to the battery compartment door was completely stripped . There is no way to open it and insert batteries . Amazon dropped the ball on this one . If the screws are made of metal that inferior , I question the life of the toy . 1 star for `` fun '' - never got to play with it and 1 star for durability !
 It 's so boring the kids have n't played with it once . I tried and it is definitely going in the garage sale box !
 BUYER BEWARE ... before you stick the money into it , maybe look at another option . I look at how the price has fluctuated on this item and it kinda makes me sick . When it arrived , boy I questioned whether or not it was used and repackaged . It looked ify , and then my daughter opened it tonight and it looks like it was used . Everytime you pass the game to the next player it sounds like BB 's are rattling around in it -LRB- VERY annoying -RRB- . The sound quality is pretty good , and it does require you to do some quick thinking which is good brain exercise . My son beat me at it twice , but I would have liked to have a much better quality product than a 2nd hand game for what I paid -- almost $ 35 . I was sold on this game because of the good reviews , but I am being honest here , so if you are considering it , perhaps put the money towards a new Wii game or something of that nature . Not happy and feel like I 've flushed the money down the drain . If it were to be priced logically , it should go for about $ 14.99 .
 The holes were not drilled straight or big enough , so we needed to drill them out further . Even then , the badly made screws and screwdriver were so difficult to use that my son could not put it together himself . He asked for help , and even I could not drive many of the screws . We 'll get out the drill later and try that way.This is supposed to be a toy for kids to assemble and use themselves , but the poor quality of the materials makes that impossible .
 This toy was a waste of time and money . I bought it for my son 's 6th birthday and although it says it is for ages 5 and up , it was very difficult to follow the complex instructions and actually get the thing to work . He lost interest after a little while and although I kept trying , I never was able to get it to work . We returned it to Toys R Us the following day . This toy is a good example of bad toy design . I would not recommend this toy to anyone .
 It did not work , good for about and hour just to make one monster . toysrus thankfully let us return it .
 This toy is not worth the money . Do n't waste your time . It would not do anything that it said it would . Too bad I could not give it NO stars !!
 This toy was awful ! We tried over and over to make it work and never could get it . Our 9 year old hated the waiting and got bored very quickly . This is not any fun and is definately NOT worth the money .
 This was a great toy 10 years ago . Unfortunately it works off of liquid components , which I can guarantee are no longer liquid -LRB- storage containers are not airtight -RRB- . That is our problem . We ran out of goo . You make a hollow form and fill it with the goo , then you squish it . You can not get fresh goo anymore , making the whole toy worthless .
 The assembly was too difficult for my 6 year old to do on his own . Then the product did n't even work . I ca n't believe the people at Hasbro considered this a worthy toy to thrust on children . Do they ever test their products before bringing it on the helpless consumer market . GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER !!!!
 The Radica Cube World Block Bash is n't nearly as much fun as I thought it would be . Basically , it is n't worth the money spent . We have all of the Cube World people and this item should have been an excellent add on . Unfortunately , the getaways are very limited , so it becomes boring very quickly . The little guys are way more interesting . Stick with them .
 This book is unbelievably boring . I had expected to have a Rainbow Fish story as well as some counting games . There is no story . Each page only asks `` How many of Color X do you see ? '' It progresses in order through the numbers -LRB- 1 , then 2 , etc. -RRB- . You then can do some other counting activities . Save your $ and just practice counting with your child with ordinary household objects or with a regular counting book .
 Might as well draw a sailboatVery flimsy , bought it for my 6 year old boy for Christmas , thew it out with the trashVery thin wood , I would call it paper actuallyTake a pass , get something you could use and your kid will enjoy
 Poorly contructed . Broken in multiple places in shipping . Made from the same kind of wood that childhood rubber-band planes are made from . Very flimsy . Do not buy this .
 This is pretty much the epitome of cheap foreign made electronics , crappy display that was difficult to read , not intuitive , and then died rapidly . Bought new and kept in original box unused , was going to give as a gift only to find out too late it was non-functional . Will never buy another product from this company , and really regret bucks blown on this junkie chess game .
 This game came in absolute DISGUSTING condition ! It was rusty and gross and has n't been touched since opening . The game itself is an awesome game , any thing from ThinkFun normally is ! Its awesome for learning problem solving .
 the screen is n't clear making it hard to see . also , directions for use are confusing - it does n't seem intuitive .
 I thought I was purchasing a bean bag game - as the title indicates - but I received 12 ping pong balls instead of bean bags . Beware - if you want a `` bean bag '' game - this is n't for you . Its also made of cardboard , which I guessed because of the price , however the stand is just two pieces of cardboard that are folded and held on with tape .
 I bought Treasure Quest for my grandson 's 13th birthday . He mastered it very quickly . The idea is great but it 's clearly for younger children .
 This is a piece of garbage . Do not buy . The top cushion pushes you so far forward that it would be more comfortable sitting up against a wall . You can at least move around . This is garbage and my 4yr old nephew hates it .
 My children -LRB- age 4 and 3 -RRB- received this game as a gift . They were , of course , initially intruiged by the figurines . But after playing the game once they were bored . They still like the little pets but the game holds no interest for them , even though it is still new . Do n't waste your money .
 Althought we did get an authentic 12 inch G.I. Joe it was not the `` Marine Sniper '' as pictured or as noted on the order . However , the seller `` Starselling '' has given us a discount since that item is no longer availabe .
 My 6 year old daughter is a huge Princess fan and an avid artist . We thought this was the perfect toy for her . It comes assembled and is easy to operate . There is a storage drawer for the markers and discs . She ca n't seem to fit everything in there easily . The top turns to focus the picture but it does n't work very well . The lines are thick and make tracing the picture difficult even at it 's clearest . -LRB- A bit of advice -- do n't try to focus the picture after you 've started drawing . The picture shifts and makes it difficult to realign . -RRB- Our daughter is happy because she has the toy , but she 's saddened at the outcome . I do not recommend this toy .
 My daughter just rec 'd this for her 4th birthday and I wish I could return it . She loves to draw and I thought it would be so fun for her . But the projection is so blurry even after I had tried to focus . Inserting the disk is n't too hard but I would think a three year old girl may have a problem . Turning the disk for a different image is the same , not hard but may be a bit difficult for those younger.I showed my daughter how to trace . She played with it on her own for two minutes and wanted me to trace for her so she could color it herself . I had a problem tracing and it 's suppose to be for a three year old ? I do n't think so . I felt like I needed a stronger prescription for my vision , it was that blurry.Girls are gentle with there toys which is why I gave durability a 3 . If they made something like this for a boy , I would give it a zero . The projector arm is a bit flimsy . With many uses , I could see the arm never staying up . I think this toy will be once or maybe twice again so there is something we wo n't have to worry about.It 's a great concept but needs work . Please , do n't waste your money .
 I also thought the projection was blurry . Too blurry to even draw anything . After just a few months the light went out so I changed it . It comes with an extra one . It worked for a little longer and does n't work at all now . I also changed the batteries . Still does n't work anymore . I do n't recommend it .
 I bought this for my daughter and I was so excited to give it to her . It did n't work right out of the box . My husband took it part and found a pinched wire and fixed it . It you rotate the arm to much the wire gets pinched . Then when she tried to draw it was so blurry she could not draw the faces of the princesses only the hair really . We were very dissapointed .
 My 5 year old daughter received this as a Xmas gift . We were very excited to use it but that feeling was soon deflated . The focus is horrible ; it does not provide a clear picture , very blurry no matter how much you try to focus the projector . I do not recommend this product at all . If they fixed the focus issue ; it would be a stellar product !
 Wow ... what a waste of money . The `` focusing lens '' is a complete joke . At best , we can get a hazy image with big , fat lines that make tracing the image difficult at best for my 6 year old and almost impossible for my 4-year old -LRB- who the gift was actually for ! -RRB- . The kids kind of have fun putting the discs in and trying to guess what the image is -LRB- it 's that blurry at best ! -RRB- , so they are n't hugely disappointed , but I certainly am .
 My daughter had this for about half an hour before it stopped working . Replaced the batteries and the bulb , still did n't work . The battery compartment is located in the bottom of the the thing , and the wires are strung THROUGH the moveable arm -LRB- and the hinge -RRB- to the lightbulb at the top . Could not repair , took it back to the store.Great idea , but really poorly executed .
 My 4 yr old got this for Christmas and it 's no good at all . Yes it is a `` toy '' but children need to be able to see the images to trace them . The lens is frosted instead of clear so the images are blurry at best . My daughter gets really frustrated when she tries to use it and ca n't . Just wait for the `` 2.0 '' version .
 The images on the paper are blurred and there is no way to focus . It is also hard to see this blurry image unless all surrounding lights are off .
 My 6-year-old daughter asked for this for Christmas becuase she thinks she 's not good at drawing . It was a nice big box to have under our tree and it was the first thing she opened and begged to play with . My husband set it up and we immediately discovered a major problem . The on/off switch is a button on top of the lamp . Supposedly , you push the button in to turn it on , and push it again to turn it off . When we push ours in , the light comes on , but it pops right back up and turns it off . We solved the problem temporarily with several pieces of duct tape , but when the lamp got hot after a few minutes , the tape loosened and the lamp turned off . It was frustrating for us and for our daughter . We 're planning on returning it and wo n't be buying a new one .
 The product quality is terrible - please do n't waste your money . The light is too dim and the focus does not work ! The idea is great , but the execution is not good . Disney - please make a similar product with higher quality !
 The glider can fly nice and long , but it is very fragile . Glue the wings and insert the rear elevator -LRB- wing -RRB- upside down , and throw it gently straight forward . Avoid any hard surfaces or pieces will fall off when it hits the ground . The foam material quality is for packaging , not for toys .
 I ordered the Ultra Flyer after purchasing a similar product from Target . The Target item was a great plane and lasted a long time . The new Ultra Flyer planes I ordered would not stay together . The wings kept falling off and they would not fly . I contacted the company and they did not answer my e mail .
 If I could rate 0 stars , I would . Imagine having a 7-year old jump up and down and tell you you 're the `` best daddy ever ! '' when you take this plane out of the box . He had been asking for one for several months . We then go outside to throw it together and the nose broke off on the first throw . After taping it back on , the tail broke off on the second throw . The disapointment I had to see my son go through was worse than throwing away the money I paid for this plane . To picture this stryofoam , think packing peanuts that protect items when shipped .
 This plane is designed so poorly that the wings fall out whenever you try to throw it . They do n't fit tightly enough into the fuselage .
 The plane did go together well at all . The wings would not in place . Unable to fly the plane . It went in the trash only minutes after receiving it .
 the wings would not stay in . After gluing them on , it 's first flight broke the tail . I glued the tail and reinforced with toothpicks . The next flight broke the nose and a piece of the tail wing . If your intent is teach how to repair a crappy styrofoam airplane , it 's this would be a good choice .
 I threw this away the first day . It did n't make it through the first flight . My son was very disappointed .
 WELL , i 'd love to write a good review on how the kids loved this foam plane -LRB- after i glued the broken tail back on -RRB- . But i wo n't . It was shipped poorly and the tail section was broke in half and i had to spend money on a special glue that would n't melt the foam and it was more time consuming to fix it and find the glue than it would have been to buy a new one or not buy a new one but just have bought a cheaper one from the store that i could see was n't broken ahead of time . Good luck if you purchase this item .
 5 minutes after going outside , my son returned in tears - the plane in pieces . I hopped on here and the other reviews exactly mirrored our experience . This is a complete rip-off .
 this glider is about as flyable as a plastic bag with wings . 5 tosses and 4 breaks . makes you wonder ...
 Nobody expects much out of a cheap Styrofoam glider but this one ca n't deliver on even the lowest expectations . First off , it does n't glide . I 'm not even exaggerating - your Aunt Betty 's meat-loaf has better flight characteristics than this . Second off , it 's brittle - lasted about 7.9 seconds from the time of full assembly -LRB- including attaching the stick-proof stickers that came shooting off in mid-flight like confetti at the May-day parade -RRB- until the first crack appeared . Stick with folding up your newspaper into a giant paper-airplane . That beats the pants off of this pathetic piece of junk any day . I just hope whomever has the ignominy of this air-brick attached to their name is n't in charge of anything more important to humanity than this .
 This item was a huge disappointment . First of all , it arrived in flimsy packaging which had been completely beat up and had holes in it when it arrived . We should have returned it immediately but our grandson was so anxious to get it and try it out that we went ahead and opened it , thinking that it would be salvageable . It was n't . Where there was a hole in the package the airplane also had a gouge in it . The airplane itself is made out of very lightweight styrofoam , not the dense kind we were expecting . It was also cracked in another area due to the packaging getting so beat up on its way to our home . I would not recommend this product to anyone . It was a waste of money .
 Bought a couple of these for the kids to play with for christmas day , I remember as a kid playing with gliders and they can be a lot of fun.These are not those gliders however . You throw it very hard , it gets a lot of lift , goes straight up , then straight back down . If you throw it soft enough to not go up , it will only go about 10 feet before hitting the ground.It seems to be pretty durable , -LRB- as far as foam gliders go -RRB- though we 've only played with it on grass . the stickers do n't stick to good , though I 've never seen many stickers that will stick to styrofoam.I would not recommend getting this as a glider , though it looks like a convincing model airplane , and younger children would still have fun with it , or ours did .
 Despite the item description which says `` by Namco '' this product is actually an unlicensed knock-off using cheap construction and components . Nowhere on the machine will you find the word `` Namco , '' though this is n't something buyers would think to check on until it is too late . Mine broke within a short time , after which I discovered that I could not get it fixed because no one authorized to repair game machines would touch a pirated product . Since the game was offered through Amazon I assumed it was reputable , but that was a mistake .
 We bought this PAC-man cocktail table and within 2 months it was broken . Took months to find someone who knew how to fix it and once we did he was appalled at the quality of work inside the machine . Old computer monitor was installed in the unit which was not meant for it . We replaced the monitor with one meant for the gaming machine and shortly after the power supply went out as well . We contacted the seller repeatedly with questions and it was up to us to pay for repairs . The game technician could n't believe we had been so badly taken advantage of . Not sure if seller was aware of the poor quality he was selling us , but saddened he provided no help or reimbursement for poor quality product .
 I can hardly believe this toy is slated for a -LSB- ... -RSB- Two intelligent adults could n't figure out how to change the suspension feature . We found the parts too delicate , too breakable and too difficult to function even for an adult . The doors on the truck are way too difficult to open , having no purchase on the handle and the hood requires a sort of pulling-out and swinging-up motion to open which is too subtle for a young child . Also the tools are hard to fit into the firemen 's hands .
 I purchased this item for my 4 , almost 5 year old . It is way over his head ... not surprisingly as it is almost over mine . As stated in another review , this looks more like a rescue vehicle than a firetruck ... also ... the multiple pieces that come with this toy make it that much more of an advanced toy ... not really for a 3 year old . The manufacter recommended age is 36 months to 8 years . I would say more like 6 to 8 years and no less . I almost feel like it is a collectors item that should be sitting on a shelf ... so you do n't lose it 's parts ... but I do not think the manufactuer 's intended it to be so . Unless your child is a perfectionist and super detailed ... this really is n't the toy for them -LRB- in my opinion , of course -RRB- .
 I purchased this for my daughter as her first fire truck and am very disappointed in the quality ! It looked incredibly detailed and I was excited about all the doors that open and close on the fire truck . However , I had not even gotten the wire ties -LRB- holding it to the cardboard -RRB- off the truck when I noticed a piece -LRB- holding the hose on -RRB- was already broken . A hinge on the one of the doors keeps popping out and I 'm afraid to press too hard to put it back in for fear of breaking it . The ENTIRE truck is made of VERY CHEAP PLASTIC ... it is as delicate as the thin plastic of model airplane kits . The hood wo n't go up either , although it specifically states in the directions you can open it to see the engine.Also , my daughter got frustrated very quickly because the fireman that came in the set hardly fits in the cab ... even I have trouble getting him in there . His helmet does come off but do n't be fooled by the picture on the box ... an additional hairpiece is NOT provided -LRB- although shown on the box -RRB- so if your child does take the helmet off , he is bald with a large dent in the top of his head.I thought I was getting a great price at $ 39.00 but really regret not buying something that will last . This vehicle lasted 10 minutes in our home and that was even before my daughter had begun playing with it .
 Good News - our 2 year old grandson loved it.Bad News - the light bar did n't work . My son will have to go out and find 3 `` watch '' style batteries . The arms came off the fireman . And turn signals were able to be pulled off the grill and on and on . Too many SMALL PIECES.I sure wish that the listing had an AGE APPROPRIATE on it . -LRB- I think that 's an Amazon issue . -RRB- I liked it because the doors opened and the storage bins opened . I could n't figure out -LRB- in 5 minutes -RRB- how to make the ladder work.I wish there was a basic model without all the tiny removable pieces to get only the the `` good news '' about the product .
 My daughter received this product for her 6th birthday . She was very excited because it was supposed to open only for her password . Well , it opened for every password no matter what you said or who said it . We tried to reset it over and over again hoping that it would actually work . It did once for a minute and then went back to malfunctioning . I exchanged it at the store for another one hoping that we happened to have a defective one . The second one , however , does the same thing as the first . It was very frustrating to have two in a row that did n't work . I told a friend about our problems with the product . She said that her daughter has one of these also and that it does not work properly . Anyhow , this appears to be a very poorly manufactured product and expensive to boot . I think that I have finally convinced my daughter to return this product and to spend her $ 20 on something less aggravating .
 I promised this toy to my 6 yr . old as a reward after 20 swimming lessons . She finally got it today and it did n't work . Unlike the reviews on this site , this product has received uniformly terrible reviews on the Target site ; I 'm curious about the positive reviews that are here . I called Hasbro and they said that this product was discontinued in March , although it is still being sold on the Amazon site , at almost no discount . Although the Hasbro rep said that the discontinuation was a marketing decision , I am convinced that it was discontinued because it did n't work . She 's sending me a label so that I can return it in exchange for an item of equal value - although I think I 'm going to return it to Amazon to get my money back . I do n't want another product like this one . Do n't waste your money and do n't disappoint your child , as mine has been .
 I bought these for my 5 year old . They did n't come with directions to make anything like LEGOS . I love the bigger Mega Blocks , he just became fustrated with these blocks . It seemed like they just put all of their left overs in this container . I prefer the larger mega blocks or Legos .
 I thought the blocks would be larger as per a purchase of same brand about 2 years ago at K-B . I was highly dissappointed as these blocks were less than 1/2 the size and are not compatible with the older ones .
 Half of these bloks were very small . They were not all mega bloks . I had to return them because I purchased them for a two year old .
 My brother had the original -LRB- I think -RRB- game when we were kids in the eighties . It was without doubt the greatest toy either of us owned growing up . Sadly , it gave out several years ago and left a bit of a void in my soul . So when I opened a gift from my brother last Christmas and saw the familiar shape of the game inside , I nearly wet my pants with joy . I started to play , then realized it was n't quite the same . No passing ? Ca n't go backward ?? What is going on ? Yeah , the spirit of the game is there , but it just is n't as good as the original . I could live with the battery change if all else was the same , but this is all wrong . Bring it back the way it was !
 This new version does not allow passing ! It does not allow you to move your runner backwards in the open field ! It is not nearly as much fun as the original because of these shortcomings . These shortcomings are a contradiction to the packaging on this toy which claims it is '' ... Just like the original ... '' . It is not!Also , the Kicking function in this particular game did not function.Lastly , the game is packaged with batteries , but it is allowed to be turned on while in the package . In my case , this resulted in the batteries being dead because someone in the store left the game in the `` On '' state .
 These toys are so great in theory . The level of detail seems so fantastic ... from the faces to the accessories . BUT , the quality is terrible . My 3 year old has toys from both Mighty World and Playmobil and they ca n't even compete when it comes to durability and function . The hats do n't stay on the figures ' heads , pieces break off regularly , and the items just do n't have the same range of motion that the Playmobil items do . I do n't recommend these toys .
 This was purchased as a gift . After being put together the motor seemed unable to pull the weight of the H2 . Was this a problem for anyone else ? Such a disappointment after taking all the time to build it . Even though it did n't work as expected , it still was fun and educational to put together .
 My boys have really enjoyed playing with this toy , however in order to lower the bucket it requires a lot of wrist strength and most of 2-4 year olds that have tried to play with it are not able to make it function on their own . It 's even a little difficult for me to get it to lower . The only other comment I would add regarding this excavator is that if the children are not able to operate the arm that makes the bucket lower they tend to lean forward on the toy , causing the toy to tip and occassionally the child will fall face forward into the arm of the excavator . This toy requires a lot of parental supervision .
 Total waste of money and complete garbage . Broke after one week . Sand got in the gears and it never moved properly again . Plus , the motion was always a little too complex for my 3 year old - he could never get it to release the way it is meant to and therefore never actually dig with it ! I would certainly not recommend this toy . In fact , I will warn people about it .
 I was expecting a little more durability from this toy . While it has not broken yet , I expect it to by the end of summer . Everything on this toy is plastic even the so called mechanics . However with this being said , my two year old son does enjoy playing on it . I just question how long he will get to play on it before it breaks .
 this figure really sucks.the reason wy is because his hat dos n't come off and his glasses ca n't come off because of the hat but you can slide them down his neck.if you play with these i recomend you do n't get this .
 This is the worst wrestler ever in history !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 We were so disappointed when we brought this home from the store - my childhood memories of playing Operation were crushed . The pieces are impossible to remove with the tongs ! & although the Homer voice is funny , it becomes extremely frustrating to even the most steadiest of ` doctors ' . My children will pull the game out & try to play but within minutes they are nearly swearing because it is so hard to get the pieces . If it was n't for the funny voice , this would be a complete waste of money !
 I 've bought three of these already and the cord connecting the tweezers to the board has come off each when pulled even slightly . Also I have a friend who builds computer chips , with the steadiest hand you 've ever seen , and he could only get three of the easier pieces out after much effort . The pieces slip off an indentation on the tweezers which makes for a frustrating game . I ca n't see any kids being able to be successful with this version of the game . The sounds are great , though , very clear .
 We could not wait to give this airplane to our daughter for her birthday . She is totally crazy about airplanes . I had looked all over for an airplane that actually opens up for the child to place people inside . This one has a working cargo door and the cockpit top is supposed to open and close . Instead , the cockpit top comes completely off everytime my daughter trys to lift the lid . Instead of playing with the plane she is running to us ever 30 seconds asking us to fix her plane.We assumed that this would be a high quality toy like Little Tikes normally produces . We were so disappointed with the plane we returned the unopened one that we had purchased for our nephew .
 We gave this to my son for Christmas . He loves planes . We found that he played with it for a while , then pieces started to break . The plastic windshield falls off every time it is opened -LRB- it flips up to allow access to the cockpit -RRB- . My son ca n't put it back together on his own , so he brings it to us every time it happens . The same thing happens with the side door with the stairs . Evey time it opened the come apart . I recommend saving your money and buying something else , unless you have a child who is a Caillou fan -LRB- mine is not -RRB- .
 For the price your better of to get the MIP CVDS for $ 8 more . These are the same as the stock and bend easily if you land the wrong way which causes a vibratrion a eventialy will kill your car .
 I previously owned a Gremlin , which was great . But this Ignition is truly an inferior bike . The hand brakes constantly have to be adjusted . The training wheels bend easily , and the tires do not have gripping power . Extremely frustrating to use .
 ... unless you enjoy games with unclear rules and goals . There are `` Mission '' cards and `` Action '' cards . Half of these cards are confusing or contradictory to an already confusing set of game rules . A lot of the other cards are entirely pointless.If you enjoy spending as much time trying to understand how a game is played as you do actually playing the game , then you might enjoy this . However , if you are looking for a game to play with your family where you can pretty much open the box and start playing , do not buy this game unless you see it in a bargain bin .
 Very hard to use . Could n't get the film out once we took the pictures . Very disappointing for my 5 year old grandson who was so excited when he got it . It has a 1 year warranty , so I will try that remedy
 My grandson is a Polar Express Train expert . He was very disappointed that the train did n't really look like the movie train . He liked the whistle , but that was a very expensive whistle .
 It 's very cute , but it 's not made for play because it breaks easily . What 's the point ?
 My 5 year old wanted this toy so bad that he cut a picture of it out of an ad in the paper and put it in his hat . This way he would have it with him and could show it to everyone.Yippee , His Uncle bought it for him for Christmas and then 3 of his Uncle 's and his father spent an hour or so putting it together . Once it was put together my son played with it for a couple of hours , it does nothing , no bells or whistles , and it is difficult to transform into a sphere . I , his mother , get the `` lovely '' task of transforming it , Yeah ... My son uses it to slam his other transformers in to , so it gets a few additional minutes of play from time to time . I would not recommend this to anyone , it is NOT worth the money .
 My five year old son desperatly wanted this toy for his 5th birthday . As requested we got it for him . My husband & I could not figure out how to make this unicorn guy into a sphere . This toy does not do anything !!!! The eyes light up but thats about it.He also does not stand up very well .
 My son is 61/2 and was terribly let down with this toy . It took about 20 minutes to get the darn thing out of the box since it was tied down with tons of twisted security wires . Then , neither he , my husband nor I -LRB- both collage grads -RRB- could figure how to turn it into a planet . The directions are terrible . The worse part is that I emailed Hasbro over a week ago and have n't even gotten a reply yet . I ca n't believe we wasted so much money on this . The minicons and reg . Transformers keep my son busy for hours . Stick with those and save your money .
 The house a 2 dimensional cut sheets of plastic with an image only on one side.The train can only really be pulled and not pushed because the car behind the engine has a different kind of link that makes it awkward to push.Everything else is standard Brio . If you decide to buy this , you definately want to get the North Pole set with the Christmas tree as it makes a wonderful sound .
 We 're used to buying Thomas the Train stuff which is very sturdy , durable and long-lasting . I was expecting similar quality in this Brio set and was sorely disappointed . The tracks were made with rough wood , i.e. , not well sanded and smooth like other wooden tracks . The bridge was made out of cheap plastic . My child who said that all he wanted for Christmas was a Polar Express train barely paid any attention to this toy - he did carry the train around . We 're keeping the train/tender/passenger car and donating the rest .
 I thought that this product could have been made more durable , however it is not . However , it was easy to assemble , and my daughter does play with it from time to time .
 I bought 2 gift packs for a couple of 2 year old 's . It was shipped out very quickly . The cars look very cute but do n't waste your money . All the plastic parts broke off the first time the boys played with them . The parts are also tiny and a coking hazard .
 Not well-made . You get what you pay for is the lesson I learned here ! My boys broke this toy the same day it came in the mail just with normal play .
 Very cheaply made . I had mistaken this for matchbox . Fell apart within the first day of my son playing with them
 This toy is a piece of crap!it does not make hardly any cotton candy and after awhile mine started to smoke.I would wether eat a piece of crap on a stick because it would taste the same .
 At first I was exetited to get this but then it took so long to warm up . I finally made a tiny piece of cotton candy but then it started overheating and shutdown It is also hard to clean because you have to take it apart and you have to clean it every fistful of cotton candy you make . I would NOT recommend buying this .
 Do not buy it . I purchased at Toyrus and it made 2 cotton candys and everyone was excited . Then it started to smoke and never worked again . Took it back for another and this time after 1 cotton candy it started to beep in warning of overheating . Today it still does n't work . Called Rosenart who makes it and they seemed clueless . Taking it back for refund .
 DONT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK ! IT IS A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY ! FOR THE 1ST TIME WE USED IT IT STARTED MAKING LOUD ANNOYING BEEPING SOUNDS . . IT DIDNT MAKE COTTON CANDY . . ONLY THIS GROSS GOOEY STUFF ... AND IT BROKE AND WE HAD TO THROW IT AWAY . IF I WERE YOU I WOULD NEVER EVER BUY THIS MACHINE ! - HANNAH AND HILARY NOEL
 Besides being time consuming in warm up and cool down , this cotton candy machine simply does not work . We followed the directions exactly . A few strands of cotton candy started to come out and then it clogged , turned liquidy and started to burn . Because of the safety features , it is very difficult to unclog . We were very frustrated . We tried it several separate times hoping we could figure out what we were doing wrong , but it was the same each time . I would not recommend this machine to anyone .
 PLEASE DONT BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP MACHINE . I WOULD RATHER STARE AT A PIECE OF CRAP FOR 60 MINUTES THAN USE THIS CRAP.IT STARTED MAKING HEADACHING LOUD NOISES AND IT BROKE 5 MINUTES AFTER I BOUGHT IT ... BUT I STILL MANAGED TO GET A PIECE OF COTTON CANDY ... THAT LOOKED LIKE A STRINGY CRYSTALIZED PIECE OF CRAP THE SIZE OF A PINGPONG BALL ! FOR MY SAKE NEVER BUY THIS !
 Do n't waste your money ! I have followed all of the directions a number of times . I even got special cotton candy floss -LRB- sugar -RRB- and I still did n't get a quality product or any any decent quantity . Forget the pictures on the box . You ca n't get that much cotton candy out of this machine if you let it run for 30 mins . The product I got was more lumpy than fluffy . It seems not to heat up enough to make a good cotton candy cone . Put your money toward something better .
 Yep , Read the reviews and was did what I should . Mine did not put much out at all . It Was very loud . I did it four times . Mine put some stings out at first but just on one side of the inside . So really not a good item . The box it was gets me ... It shows a nice full batch on the front of the box and I am not really sure anyone could get that like that . This was a gift but I think it should go back and get something else . Cute idea if you can get one that works but really was hoping to use it at a birthday party . LOL !
 Please see my long review for Looney Tunes machine for more ideas.It 's extremely slow , requiring about 17 minutes from start to the first cone . Cones after that are not going to be much faster , if more are even possible.It requires a ten minute warm up period before you can get started.The quality of the cotton candy is lousy , with lots of granules of unmelted sugar.It makes only the smallest amount of candy per batch . Notice that they do n't show you a sample cone on the box . It makes a cone about the size of a candy coated apple.You can only run about ten minutes after the warmup period before it overheats , beeps , and starts a shutdown cycle.It uses an innovative mechanism of heated air , but that causes the floss to come out too dry and it wo n't stick together properly as you roll it on the cone . The cone does not come out pretty.Plastic finger guard keeps little fingers out of the moving parts . That 's good , but unfortunately the guard interferes with the flow of the floss and causes it to clump on the outside of the spin head . Every batch will cause some clumping , and after just two the clumping is so bad the floss can no longer flow and you have to shut down for a difficult and frustrating cleanup.It requires a cool down period where you have to turn off the heater but allow the motor to continue running . You 're going to have a hard time getting any child to observe those rules.Cleanup is difficult because of the melted and hardened sugar that collects on the head.On the plus side : No exposed moving parts make this safer than Looney Toons.Bowl comes with a cover to help keep sugar and floss from making a mess.Amazon will allow you to buy 99 of them , so maybe you actually could get some quantity out of this thing after all !
 I bought this product last year for my son who was dying to make some Cotton Candy We sat dowm with the entire family to play and with extream disapointment the machine gave us a little wet string ball . It had more liquid then cotton !!! It looked like a crystal stick . I did this over and over in hope I was doing something wrong Unfortunetly I did it right . I would not purchase this fOR ANY CHILD .
 We purchased this Cotton Candy machine because the only reason my children -LRB- age 5 and 3 -RRB- want to go to the Circus , Zoo , etc. is for the Cotton Candy . How easy to just make it at home !! The instructions are not very clear and you have to let it heat up for 10 minutes before you can begin to use it . -LRB- Tell that to 2 kids DYING for Cotton Candy . -RRB- Then we put in the sugar , only 1 teaspoon , and PRESTO it made Cotton Candy ... But only about a large cotton ball size . I kept waiting for more , but that was it . Now just imagine splitting that between the kids !!!! It was fun and tasted great -LRB- the one whole bite -RRB- but is not worth it for children . In order to get even a small portion , it took forever and the kids were frustrated . I would not purchase again . But would maybe buy a different brand .
 This thing made us wait to heat up , made the cotton candy for a very short while before we had to stop ... cool down , clean , for three times in a row . The cotton candy mix just kept getting gunked up so that it would ` nt make the cotton candy.I would not recomend for any one.It upsets kids & parents alike ...
 Well , I wish I would have reviewed the rating on this one . I bought it on sale for my son 's 12th Birthday . The first day we tried it , there really was n't much cotton candy coming out ; enough for one bitful . Each time we added another teaspoon of sugar , less cotton candy came out . So I decided to take it apart and clean it . The second time we tried it , i guess the parts were n't dry enough , so melted sugar started coming out . So I took it apart and cleaned it again . This time I allowed the parts to dry for two days . Then we tried it again for the 3rd time . Cotton candy started coming out great , but it was only enough for one bitful , then melted sugar started coming out again . Then it started smoking . So I turned it off , and let it cool down . This thing is going back to the store . I really was determined to make it work , but I just could n't . I would n't recommend this product at all . Also , the directions need to be made a bit clearer .
 This toy takes for ever to use . My mom got me it . It was hard to clean up after.The next time we used it a BUG was cut up and splatterd all over it.I had to toss it out.It also somtimes gives out only a little bit so you waste a lot of suger.I hope my this saved someones money.Don ' t buy this !!! I think that i gave it a 1 star in fun beacuse it is hard to clean up after and you have to let it warm up by that time you do n't want it anymore.I gave it a one star in educational beacuse it teachs you that your mom will cleanup after you and that is not good you have to clean up sugar and wash it out and put it away . that is not a good thing forsmart kids.I gave it a 1 in overall beacase I think moms anddads hate this toy itis so mess ! my dad sad ha thinks it taste nasty and made him sick I said that i folowed the instructions and he said it is probaly the machine think that is just wrong ! please do n't let me stop you from buying this toy you should try it and see if you like it if not return it keep your recipt !
 This is terrible , after only putting in 4 teaspoons of sugar spaced over a long period of time it started making a weird noise ~ Do n't waste your money .
 I thought my daughter would love this toy . She loves Cotton Candy and loves to cook . However , waiting for 10 minutes with a small child to get it put together and heat up is a lifetime . Then , after all that , we got almost NO cotton candy . We followed the directions to the letter . We even tried again on another day with the same poor result . It only made us disappointed .
 i got this for my birthday because it looked really cool and i wanted to eat cotten candy ... We followed every instuction adn it was a piece of junk ... first of all , it made sooooo much nosie it was bothering . Next , you have to wait almost 2 days for it to make cotten cady !!! next , when you finally wait , theres only a bite size , enough for an ant to eat . Trust me , if i knew this before , i would not have bought it .
 This product is a parents worst nightmare . Its messy smells terrible and broke on the first use.Its best that you get your cotton candy fix at the circus .
 What a disaster . It takes too long . Then you get a tiny gross little blob of `` cotton candy '' . It is quite a mess to clean . Then the kids will cry because it is not at all what they expect and are so disappointed . My 5 year old wants to know how Santa 's elves made such a `` stinky , bad toy '' . Expect to be disappointed with this one .
 Why are companies aloud to sell this junk ? We tried this out a few moons ago , it was loud , ugly and gave you a tiny little sticky , stringy , gritty , burnt up , chewy thumb sized nasty tasting tuft of sugar product after 30minutes of use , it also smelled like burning plastic , it went back after that . give the nostalgia electric machine a try , unlike this one , it makes great tasting cotton candy , a proper cone within 3 minutes after the initial 5minute warm up .
 Bought the machine brand new , like everyone else , followed the instructions to the letter , ten min warm up , actually bought and used professional sugar , the machine spits out a tiny bit of cotton candy , all mashed together maybe a base ball after 30 min . Has tons of melted liquid sugar all over . One of the worst products I have ever purchased .
 My daughter got this from a friend for her fourth birthday , and after three days of begging to make cotton candy we took it out of the box followed the instructions and it was broken . It would not turn on , would not beep as the instructions said it would in the case of assembly error . The disappointment in her face was terrible , this product is an utter piece of junk .
 I tried it over and over again and it didnt work the cotton candy kept melting and clogging the place where the cotton candy comes out of and it always gets to hot even when its only been on for 5 minutes .
 I tried it over and over again and it didnt work the cotton candy kept melting and clogging the place where the cotton candy comes out of and it always gets to hot even when its only been on for 5 minutes .
 did you know that this product was on recall in 2002 because it overheated and started fires in homes . Two people were actually burned . If you want a cotton candy machine go for one that is sold by a real company that makes them such as Bass-Tech
 It was neat to be able to make `` cotton candy '' at home , however , the machine only makes a very small amount at a time , so it is a lot of work for not much enjoyment . It takes an adult to run the machine and watch over it since it gets hot . then it cools for almost 10 minutes . It does n't even come with the sugar needed ! The product should list it on the outside of the box . . sugar not included ! then you have to clean it -LRB- ADULT only -RRB- It would not buy it again.This review will not mark a 1 for educational value . It keeps giving it a 2 and I put a one -LRB- FYI -RRB-
 this toy was a rip off.when i put this toy together it gave off a burnt smell when it was warming up . this toy was loud and annoying the sugar flys everywhere and it was hot , melting sugar , it gave everbody i gave it to the poops for at least a week . if you buy this to have pepto-bismo handy beacause your going to need it for a couple of days .
 We used the machine once , and were disappointed by the performance . The second time that we attempted to use it , it would n't heat . After contacting Roseart , I was told that I could ship it to them at my expense for a replacement . I will probably not bother , as it was a lousy product to begin with .
 Well , we have just finished using the Cotton Candy maker . Since one of the reviewers said that we must be doing something wrong , I thought I should write my own review . WE FOLLOWED THE DIRECTIONS TO THE `` T '' . I waited 10 minutes for warm-up , followed it with ONE tsp of regular sugar , did NOT add more -LRB- it said it would clog -RRB- , and did we get anything ? Hmmm ... maybe enough to put on a toothpick . No joke . It was a sad moment . My FOUR children -LRB- ages 2 to 7 -RRB- were so upset that it did n't work . Honestly for 30 dollars it should work well enough to make small cones for four little people . Here 's what I figure ... some of these machines have better working parts . What other possible reason could there be ? I am a college graduate with a decent knowledge of most things ... I DID follow the directions and this machine DID NOT WORK . That beeping noise was annoying . It says to `` clean and try again '' . Yeah , uh , that did n't work either ... soooo , it will be returned tomorrow . What will we get instead ? TEN bags of Walmart cotton candy tubs . :-RRB- At a dollar a bag , you ca n't go wrong . LOL
 it only made like 3 little wisps of cotton candy and then broke . my kids were devastated . my oldest went into hiding and wouldnt come out for 6 months . it was educational because it showed my children that some manufacturing companies do not care about the poor little children that need cotton candy machines that actually work .
 You have to pour the sugar in very very slowly . It was very time consuming and got thrown into the back of the closet never to be played with again .
 Well , we have just finished using the Cotton Candy maker . Since one of the reviewers said that we must be doing something wrong , I thought I should write my own review . WE FOLLOWED THE DIRECTIONS TO THE `` T '' . I waited 10 minutes for warm-up , followed it with ONE tsp of regular sugar , did NOT add more -LRB- it said it would clog -RRB- , and did we get anything ? Hmmm ... maybe enough to put on a toothpick . No joke . It was a sad moment . My FOUR children -LRB- ages 2 to 7 -RRB- were so upset that it did n't work . Honestly for 30 dollars it should work well enough to make small cones for four little people . Here 's what I figure ... some of these machines have better working parts . What other possible reason could there be ? I am a college graduate with a decent knowledge of most things ... I DID follow the directions and this machine DID NOT WORK . That beeping noise was annoying . It says to `` clean and try again '' . Yeah , uh , that did n't work either ... soooo , it will be returned tomorrow . What will we get instead ? TEN bags of Walmart cotton candy tubs . :-RRB- At a dollar a bag , you ca n't go wrong . LOL
 I bouht this object and I think I would of rather bought a doll or something . I brought it home and it didnt work at all so we returned it and the next one was worse !! We folloed all the instructions and the sugar that we poured in didnt stick to the stick . even worse , the store wont let us return it because they say thats how they all work .
 In these reviews some people are apparently mistaking this machine for another or speaking of different models.One reviewer claimed this model had flavor packets which my unit does not , another claimed the directions were to wait two minutes for the teaspoon of sugar to melt before adding more . . the directions clearly state a single minute.This toy is junk . My daughter was very excited about using this as the commercials make it look like fun and i will be a monkey 's uncle if the candy in the commercial was made in that machine!I attempted to use this for nearly two hours and could n't get it to work correctly.I tried adding a half teaspoon at a time which worked for the first teaspoon before gumming up and I then I tried using confectioners sugar which did n't work at all , it just created burnt gunk on the walls of the collection bowl.Luckily I still have the packaging in which to return this waste of time and then I might try a product with better feedback .
 Our energetic son loved this cute set and paraded around the house with his `` band '' . However , these instruments are n't durable . After a couple uses , paint already chipped off the maracas , there is a hole in the fish , one clapper broke , and chunks of wooden have fallen off the zebra clapper . We have to toss the set now due to choking hazards and are looking for a new , lasting set of instruments .
 we bought the Imaginext Castle Christmas 2006 and ever since then my sons been asking for more things to go with it . But when I got these I was so disappointed.They do n't really go with the castle because the feet are to small and ca n't work the platforms.The figures are made out of a cheaper plastic and the swords are easily bend , the helmets do n't fit right at all , and the detailes on the figures are a very poor paint job.Not at all like the figures that came with the castle or the other additional packages we bought.Of cause my boys still play with them , but I can tell they sure prefer the original figures . The difference sure surprised me since all of them are imaginext and fisher price , but I did n't get a chance to call about it yet . Maybe there are two different production lines out and the difference can be told by the UPC or somehow else.Overall , I am extremely disappointed and would n't buy them again if I had the choice
 I rate this toy a big fat 0 . The description makes you believe this doll can stand and dance on her own . You have to hold the thing on top of her head the whole time and all she does is twirl around in a circle and play a song . I gave this toy 1 star because they had nothing lower . I am angry that I have to pay a return merchandise fee and return shipping fee . If amazon had done a better job describing this toy I would never had bought it . THIS TOY HAS ABSOLUTELY NOTHING TO OFFER !
 I have purchashed My Interactive Princess Belle and found no pleasure in it because everything broke so easily . So watch out ! Playmates makes many toys that do not last long . The dancing Cinderella mechanisim that makes her dance is not worth it because your child would have to not touch it at all for it to stay in good condition . Another company came out with a line of 12 '' disney princess dolls with gowns on that morph into wedding dresses . They would enjoy these much more , plus they can be used with regular Barbies for more exciting play times .
 My 5 year old was so looking forward to this doll . First , all the doll does is spin and play music ... that 's when she 's working . We are constantly ... ever other minute ... having to reset the doll because it is very tempermental . Sometimes the music wo n't play , sometimes she wo n't spin . Her arms get caught in her dress , her dress gets tangled . It is a very delicate doll . It did not keep my 5 year old 's attention and is worth more trouble than it 's worth . More a show piece that a toy to play with . We are very disappointed .
 I bought this doll for my daughter for Christmas . It was the only thing she asked for and wanted very badly . Only 1 week later it stopped working correctly and would only perform intermittently . At one point the music stayed on and would not turn off . My daughter was devastated . We were able to return the doll to ... for a full refund , but my daughter is still very disappointed .
 That 's what we get for not reading all of the reviews in advance of buying . Thank goodness we got her on sale ! The doll only dances while the jewel is pressed and the tiara is lifted , which means my four year old has to hold her to dance with her , and possibly clock her brother in the head . Worse than that , the music stops playing after a very short time and the doll has to be `` reset '' by turning it off and on again via a switch on her back , behind a very tight velcro closure . My daughter can open the back and turn it off and on again but can not close the back of the dress back up . I think even a die-hard Disney Princess fan will be disappointed with this doll within a day or two . She should at least have a base that she can dance in !!! Do not buy !
 This set was a chore to set up . After all of that trouble , the set kept falling down . It 's not sturdy at all . On numerous occasions , the kids had to stop playing in order to fix this thing .
 All I can say is , this is NOT an appropriate item for a hospice ... lesson learned -- the hard way !
 It 's a little big , but I bought this mainly for its air filtration feature . My wife and I needed a new air purifier after our Sharper Image one broke . We really like the feeling of fresh clean air in our home . The product description does n't talk about the air purifier built into this Grim Reaper on Skeleton Horseback Life-Size Prop , but if you look on the manufacturer 's website , it 's listed there as clear as a full moon in a cloudless inky sky.The problems started almost immediately , when I unpacked it and realized that there was no plug . I looked all over for a battery slot , but I could n't find one . I was annoyed , but the thing was so big , it was going to be a huge pain to pack it back up and return it to Amazon , so I just left it there in the corner and went to bed.When I woke up the next morning , the whole house stank . It was a pungent , cool , earthy smell . It would n't have been unpleasant , except for the slight but very noticeable undercurrent of something fetid , maybe like rotting meat or spoiled milk . I went downstairs , and checked the Grim Reaper on Skeleton Horseback Life-Size Prop and Air Purification System . It was n't doing anything . The scythe had swung a little lower , but I figured that maybe the joints just were n't sturdy enough to hold it in place . I readjusted the scythe -LRB- which someone at the factory obviously forgot to clean , there was some rusty , sticky residue on the edge , gross ! -RRB- , and went to work.The next night , I was up late , trimming my candlewicks , and I heard a sound from the corner . The Grim Reaper on Skeleton Horseback Life-Size Prop and Air Purification System had somehow turned itself on ! The eyes on the Grim Reaper and on the Skeleton Horse were both glowing red . I figured that maybe it had an internal battery I had n't noticed , and maybe it was light-activated , so it only turned on at night . That would make sense , because the thing is LOUD . Unlike the whisper-quiet Sharper Image air purifier we had owned before , this thing was making a shuddering , gasping , gulping sound to pull the air in . After the intake , the Grim Reaper on Skeleton Horseback Life-Size Prop and Air Purification System would pause , the whole mechanism would shake with a slight clatter , and then a gasp of the cold , malodorous air would pour forth , both from the Grim Reaper and from the nostril area of the Skeleton Horse . Annoyingly , the scythe seemed even looser than before , and swung slowly down as I looked at the contraption.Needless to say , I am not pleased . Would not recommend for air purification . Too big for the modern home , shoddy workmanship -LRB- tighten those scythes ! -RRB- , and an odd , perfidious stench .
 Ok , so like , my parents got this awful decoration for our manor out in the woods , where no one is around for miles . They run it as a haunted house normally , but obviously , they are n't using it in the middle of Winter . So , my boyfriend and I decided to throw a little Christmas party there , with all our attractive 18-26 year old friends , with us all coming back from college and stuff.And all I can say is , stop moving this thing around , Chad ! It is n't funny anymore !! Where the hell is he , anyway?God , I 'm so sick of not having cell reception around here . Ugh . Also , the storm is just getting worse . The power better not get cut , or I will seriously cut someone.On the plus side , it 's very realistic , to the point where the scythe is sharp enough to cut skin pretty easily.Chad !??! Is that you ?
 I got this game for $ 5 and I plan on returning it.I teach 1st grade . At the end of the school day I letmy students play with a few games.I do n't think they 'll like this game at all.The unresponsive controls make it hard to jump objects.It gets boring fast!If you 're a teacher , these are the best electronic games I ` vefound so far : Connect FourBig Screen Tetris -LRB- Radica -RRB- Power Touch learning systemFrogger -LRB- Milton Bradley ? -RRB-
 I expected this was going to be a video game like I would get for a Gameboy with video screen and all that , but it turned out to be a bunch of ink-drawn characters that look so stupid it was n't even fun to play . I will re-wrap the thing and give it to Toys for Tots . The seller should have been more specific as to the graphics on the game because they totally suck . This gets a big fat F review .
 I had actually purchased this to help stimulate my father 's brain , who is 91 , and even I could n't figure out how to work it . Then I gave it to my 15 year old daughter and she also gave up on it . Therefore , I would not recommend this product at all .
 Despite the Crayola name , this was a very poorly made product . My 6 and 3 year olds are not able to get the tower to open and stay up without help , and even with that if they slightly tap it while putting a crayon away it falls . The cover should have been more then just a throw away plastic piece .
 I was very disappointed . There were 2 , sometimes 3 of the same colors in this . So although we got 150 crayons , they were not 150 DIFFERENT crayons .
 I bought this for a gift and was very disappointed , I do n't know if it was defective or not but it had double of every crayon instead of 150 UNIQUE crayons . Very poor quality control on Crayola 's part . Thanks for ruining part of Christmas for my girlfriend !
 As others mentioned , this is an expensive way to buy crayons , but the tower would have been worth it if it operated well . Unfortunately it is poorly designed
 I bought this for my husband because he loves these kinds of puzzles and can usually solve the smaller ones in a matter of minutes . He was excited to get this , and could n't wait to start . After taking it out of the box , he looked for instructions to see exactly what he was supposed to do to solve it , but there was n't anything else in the box . I went to the website , which was pretty useless , but I did find a very basic instruction . After working on it for approximately 15 minutes , my husband asked me if the wood frame was supposed to move . I said I did n't think so . This thing is so poorly made that the whole puzzle was shimmying in a matter of minutes . Other parts of the puzzle would come off in your hands . None of the wood pieces was glued together , they are just dry-fitted together . This is not the kind of construction you would expect from a puzzle that needs 200 manipulations , or whatever they claim.We are very disappointed in this puzzle . I told my husband I wanted to return it , but he said , no , that it would look nice on his desk anyway . Oh well .
 My father -LRB- I am 26 yo -RRB- used to have a Paddle Pool game from when he was a kid . Over the years the paddles wore down and snapped . This was sad because we could not find this game anywhere for years . When i found it , I was completely elated and purchased immediately , without hesitation . My father 's ols game was a one-piece board with 4 paddles and two balls . This game is 4 paddles , two balls , but 8 pieces to connect the board . Connecting the board is absolutely infuriating and it does not stay together even after the most deligent assembly . This is problematic because when it comes unhinged , or starts to come apart , the ball hits the ridge created by the board coming apart , the ball goes flying and you have to re-assemble the board.I have considered Gorilla glue-ing the pieces together , but am too pissed-off at the quality of the product to waste my time doing so . This used to be an epically-fun game . Now , with modern companies cutting costs and replacing quality schematics with cheap plastic and ridiculous design to cut down on the size of the shipping box , the game is pretty much , entirely useless . If you have an old version of this game where the board is one solid piece , this board will infuriate you . If you want to give it a go , this game is very fun , but the design prevents it from being fun for long . Kids will easily break this design .
 This is one of those toys that look much better in the picture than in real life ! It 's pretty small and there 's just not much to it . I bought a couple of other Naruto toys as well and have the same opinion of those . I would avoid these Naruto toys because they just are n't worth the money . I paid for something to lay underneath my son 's bed since the day after Christmas !
 This does not do as much as the description says it will - it only popped up once in 45 minutes of play . It makes no noise at all . One might as well put several items in a brown paper bag and have the kids reach in and try to pull out certain items . Waste of money !
 What looked like a nice checker set online , is an extremely cheaply-made item . The checkers are nothing more than small , wooden disks . When making an opponents checker a king , there is nothing to keep the top checker from sliding off . The only redeeming characteristic is the fact that the top slides and you can store the checkers in the box . Save yourself $ 16 and go buy the classic cardboard checker set from walmart or kmart with the black and red plastic checkers .
 A lot smaller and lower quality than described/pictured on website than expected . Product name and description indicated as a `` premium '' quality product . Wood color of actual product was way off from picture -LRB- presented/pictured as wood stained cherry & black -RRB- on both website and box but after removing from box product was cherry stained with hand painted matte bluish-grey colored squares which badly cheapened the product . Wood quality used , very flimsy , paint slightly chipped in areas with some jagged corner on the box edges and board pieces were really small . Was a bit embarrassed to give as a gift for an adult and ended up giving to a child instead then had to run around at the last minute to locate a replacement gift for an adult . Very disappointed .
 I believe many giving this checkerboard a good review did it before actually using it much . The design is a good idea ; rugged all wood with a place to store checker pieces . But after playing several games with my 7 year old , here are two significant design problems that would prevent me from purchasing this again .1 . The checker pieces are too small and light , easily sliding around on an already glossy slippery board surface.In addition , they do not lock together when ` king ` ed like most checkers , making them even more unstable . Nota good design , especially for children .2 . The wooden box is much higher -LRB- thicker -RRB- than it needs to be to store the checkers , making it much heavier thanneeded . Again , not a good design for children.Come on guys . You started with a great design , then missed the boat totally with too small , too light , and too unstable extra cheap checker pieces housed it a great storage compartment that is bigger and heavier than at all necessary . Add some weight to the checker pieces , ideally by embedding a small magnet in each piece that attracts a similar magnet embedded in each board position , slightly holding the checkers to the board . Now reduce the height of the box so it just stores the checkers , reducing its weight.I am now in the process of trying to fix this poor design by adding felt to one side of each checker , and coating the board with some sort of non-gloss non-slipper coating .
 1st let me say that I did n't open this figure so I gave it the middle durability rating . This could only be determined after opening it , so do n't go by my estimate . I do n't expect kids to have much fun playing with it since Arwen had no action scenes in the movie . From a collector 's point of view it is a great toy . A good likeness of the actress with great detail to the outfit featuring cloth as well as the usual plastic . Even includes her sword . Allthough not seen in the movie , it is modled after Arwen 's sword as issued by the official replica swords released in the past year or so . The figure features a light up `` Evenstar '' necklace which is activated by a button on the figures back . Packaged on new skinny , green Fellowship Of The Rings card back .
 There is nothing to say about the game , it is chess . But i am very disappointed for the the quality of the product . The light weight pieces are cheap plastic feel and they are small so it does not look balance on the big board .
 This would have been a great mat if the actual size of it was what was advertized . The product received measures 2x19x44 , 5 inches narrower and 4 inches shorter than expected . I ordered it for my kindergartener , for nap time , and despite being 25th percentile in height , she will be falling off it . At least the thickness is adequate . I feel like I threw money away -LRB- though it does n't seem there are any quality nap mats out there -RRB- and would not recommend this unless your child is skinny and less than 44 inches tall . Note
 That 's pretty much the last time i take a recommendation from Amazon sight unseen . We have a pretty regular `` game night '' around here , ages 22-30 , and we have enjoyed quite a few games , both drinking and sober , and I 'll say this
 After reading some very positive reviews about this game , I purchased a copy thinking it would be another great party game along the lines of Apples to Apples or Beyond Balderdash . Unfortunately , Fundex took the low road in using sex-related , double meaning , dirty , trashy humor on more than just a few of the product and ad slogan cards . When I sit down to play a board game with my family , I do n't expect to be subjected to the same filth we too often find in other forms of entertainment . Sorry to rant , but if you are looking for something clean , look elsewhere .
 My kids -LRB- 3 boys ages 4,6,8 -RRB- played the game about 3 times - initally they loved it because we got to talk about gross stuff -LRB- ear wax , vomit , etc -RRB- but after playing about 3 games with it - they declared it `` boring '' .
 My 7 year old and I just played this game for the first time . It is fun : however we expected neds head to have stuffing so it would be more of a challenge . I think we will enjoy adding some of our own gross stuff . My 7 year old would like to use neds head to decorate a scarecrow . I would think twice before spending the money again .
 It does n't teach them too much and it 's easy to see whats inside the head with out reaching in . Does not hold my sons or my attention to long .
 I ordered this game and it came defective . The plastic stand up posts were broken . This happened 2x ! I need the game for a summer school class for students needing speech services . I am totally disappointed . The pieces are not realistic or different texture and the fabric is flimsy and cheap . The quality of the product is poor . Not a fan at all .
 I was a bit dissappointed with the head as it appears to have some stuffing in the picture , but is basically just fabric over a frame in reality . I imagined a loosely stuffed head that would require some searching for the items , however , once the game has been played it is pretty easy to find the piece by feeling around and choosing what to take out . I purchased this for my 5 year old nephew , and he had the hang of it in about 30 mins of play . The pieces while they sound gruesome , -LRB- ie . an icky tooth , and a lab rat -RRB- are in fact hard plastic , I think it would have been better if there was differences in the materials some gooey and softer ones that felt more yucky so that kids would have more fun playing , like if it was fun just putting your hand in the head to search .
 I was very disappointed in the `` new '' `` What 's in Ned 's Head '' game . I had seen older versions where the head was stuffed and the children could not see what was inside . This newer version is not stuffed , more like a tent , actually , and my kindergarten students , whom I bought it for , could see the objects in it before actually having to feel for them . I had hoped to use it for letter and numeral recognition games , but it was with great difficulty that we played with the pieces included . I spent money that was donated to my classroom -LRB- plus some of my own -RRB- to purchase this game and , had I known about the change , would never have purchased it .
 Thought it sounded cute for my 4 year old and 7 year old . It did not hold their attention very long . I can not recommend this .
 Like another reviewer , I also am now on my second Ned game with , well , not exactly `` broken '' stabilizing rods , but permanently bent rods so that the head does n't `` pop out '' as the directions suggest it should . As a practical matter this means that Ned 's Head is not the big puffy thing they show on the box . It 's rather a flattened , disfigured head that looks like it 's been run over by a truck . You can still make it stand up well enough to play the game , but overall the manufacturing is very , very cheap . I regret that Santa brought this & * ^ % $ # * & thing , and being Santa , now he 's got ta make it right .
 We got this game for several age levels from 2-8 . No one liked it . It kept their interest for only a few moments . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!
 Maybe my kids are too old at 7 + but none of us can stand this game . It looks cheap , plays cheap , and tends to dissolve into fights . What is the point ? Sticking your hand into some weird guy 's half head and pullng out bugs , aliens , and cheese ? No thank you .
 The product itself is fine but the box was resealed . I paid full price for a new item but the sender gave us a box with scotch tape holding it together . Do n't waste your money on Amazon . Buy the new product at a toy store ! Very unhappy .
 What kind of sick game is this ? I mean pulling bugs , food and other nasties out of someone 's head and also how did Ned get all those things in his head without killing himself in the first place ? Who came up with this game ? The Guys who made the Cool World movie ? How do you even win let alone lose at this game ? I give this game a 0 out of 10 .
 The poor quality of craftsmanship really detracts from the possibility of fun with this game . It is just weird enough to be something the whole family wanted to play with . We were disappointed in the following
 Not a big hit , really . It would be just as good to take a bunch of small toys or things around the house-put them in a bag or box - and take turns trying to find the particular item just by feel . It would have the same benefits , probably better quality , and just as much appeal -LRB- probably more because my kids found it more amusing to find things to add to Ned 's Head - than actually playing with Ned 's Head -RRB- . I guess for the price I should n't complain - but now I have ANOTHER toy collecting dust on the shelf .
 This doll is beautiful and excites kids when they first see it . But after a minute or two of playing with it , the choker breaks , the hair is too tangled and messed up -LRB- and unable to return to normal without it falling out when you brush it -RRB- , and just does n't hold my daughter 's interest . She played with this a few times , then left it buried in the bottom of her Barbie box cause `` it just was n't very pretty anymore . '' I got my other daughter the Barbie ballerina doll , and that doll was more flexible , fun , and durable for both my girls to play with , and the hair stayed in when they brushed it . I 'm going to have to get another one of the ballerina Barbie 's for my other daughter , otherwise continue listening to them fight over it . :0 -RRB-
 My daughter is 5 and she loves barbie and wanted these dolls She got the princess and prince and horse and carriage for Christmas The Princess left foot fell off Christmas Day and The Carriage would not stay connected to the horse When we went to change the dolls clothes the necklace broke It is now April and almost nothing is left that can be played with The prince did stay together but she does n't like playing with it without the barbie There are plenty of other barbie that are much better
 regardless of how poorly made . The hair is horrible and the clothes are shabby . -LRB- It -RRB- could be better made .
 Barbie dances around , my daughter likes it but I think the stand is fairly flimsy and will probably break . Ken the nutcracker can dance too , but it is hard to get both dolls snapped on at the same time .
 This doll is absolutely beautiful and looks exactly like the movie ; however , my 4 year old 's ability to play with it was quickly evident . The stand she `` dances '' on is difficult to use and her clothing and hair too quickly deteriorate.Perhaps older Barbie fans would appreciate this doll .
 This is the second one I bought . The first lost most of its glow after our housekeeper some left it on for 36 hours . My daughter had only used it &#60; 5 hours -LRB- She would turn it on , show her friends , then turn it off -RRB- so now you have an idea of their expected life.This one was dead on arrival . I called and got an RMA number . I sent it back but have heard nothing from them and have not received a refund yet . Now I 'm going to have to go dig up the UPS see if I still have it and figure out how to contact them.Then I 'll have to order another one of these darned things since I owe her one since she had told me about the housekeeper 's son using her stuff , and it was a present.Sorry for the sloppy , dictated review but I wanted everyone to know that the product and the vendor are both bad risks even though the concept is neat .
 My son was very excited to receive this as a Christmas gift . Not so excited when it did n't work . Plugged it in . Nothing . Had to return . Wo n't buy again .
 Out of the box it was wonderful , beautiful ! Then , after six months , things went downhill . Issues :1 -RRB- Aging
 This was a total waste of money . The markers were good -LRB- not dried out -RRB- , but NOTHING appeared on the sheets . It was a major disappointment for the little guy I got it for . We ended up throwing it away . I ca n't believe Crayola would even sell such a product . I have no idea if some of them work , but the one we got did not . I ca n't emphasize enough what a waste and disappointment this was . Shame on you Crayola !
 The product does n't seem to work at all . There is a white film that forms over the paper when you color on it and the `` marker '' on the paper dries . It tells you to wipe it off with a paper towel and that does nothing . The markers do n't seem to make any color show up on the paper except random little tiny circles here and there . My two boys 9 and 4 are extremely disappointed .
 My daughter just received these for her birthday and when we opened them , they were completely dried up . Contacted Crayola and they responded that they do n't manufacture them anymore . Save your money and buy other markers .
 I purchased these for my child and when we opened the package we found every single one of the markers dried out . I guess the twist tip must not work too great if it does n't keep the markers sealed even before you first use them .
 Big dissapointment and a waste of money . These markers dried up after only using oncei . Crayola had a great idea but it was a bad design .
 I purchased these , opened them for my daughter , and looked in disbelief as she began using them thinking they were intentionally muted colors . No , this is just a poorly conceived gimmick that does n't work - the actual marker is exposed to the air for whatever indefinite amount of time until they are purchased and unwrapped and by then they 're already dried out . I just wasted $ 6.00 on what is now landfill .
 These markers were dry as soon as I opened them . That sucked , because we needed them for a project and I did n't have the time or money to buy more Crayola markers . I 'll be contacting them tomorrow as soon as they open !
 These just do n't work . They still dry out even twisted shut . My biggest problem with them is that they are not washable . If you have a kid that is too young to keep track of caps , then they probably need washable markers too . I can not recommend these , but loved the idea . Too bad it just did n't work .
 This toy has so much rubber hanging all over it , that you can hardly move him . His face is ridiculus , and his morgul blade is always falling out of its sheath . I have no idea why they call it the Twilight Ringwraith , because that name is never mentioned in the book or the movie . Not a great toy .
 I bought this unit from Park & Sun last Christmas -LRB- 2005 -RRB- for my kids . Installation was easy enough and we were having fun with it for the first few weeks . At that point the electronic scoring stopped working , and I called Park & Sun for a replacement unit . They were out of stock but promised to get me a new unit . It never arrived after months of additional calls , so I finally gave up . In the meantime , the rest of the unit fell apart with normal use . The unit is all plastic parts , velcro , and nylong cord/netting , so over time the side netting broke loose , the connection of the net to the backboard tore away , and all that still worked was the metal rim . I finally took it down and threw it away.It may be that my experience with the product and company was isolated , but I wanted to post this review so that others were at least aware of the potential issues .
 bought this piece of junk last year ; it did n't even last 1 day of use at a kids party ! The rim/hoop would n't stay up , so 1 of the kids had to stand on a chair to hold it up for the other kids to have some small measure of fun !! money wasted . i 'm an international purchaser so it would n't even be worth the while -LRB- in terms of shipping -RRB- to return this item . Totally disappointed !
 We ordered this for a christmas gift for our 8 year old son . After just 3 shots the basket disconnected from the rim due to a poor weld -- the joint between the basket and the plate that connects the basket to the backboard was completely rusted . We are trying to contact the manufacturer .
 Received item waited for Christmas to set up and scoring system did n't work right out of the box . Hopeful either park and Sun or Amazon will rectify this . To be continued . The kids are not happy : -LRB-
 I was fairly disappointed in this toy . Here are my issues with it :1 -RRB- The basketballs get stuck between the rim and the netting while you &#8217; re playing . As a result you either have to run around the side and knock the ball out , during the game , or you leave the stuck ball , and play with one less basketball and interference .2 -RRB- The collapsible / extendable ramp is extremely weak and flimsy . The extending arm broke within the first hour of play , because my son leaned on it while knocking out a stuck ball . See # 13 -RRB- The balls tend to roll off the ramp , because the ramp has no &#8220; catch &#8221; for the balls . So you end up using only 2 balls because the 3rd keeps rolling off the ramp .4 -RRB- Fit and finish of the mounting bracket holes don &#8217; t line up with mounting bracket well , so you have to force the bolts through5 -RRB- Mounting bracket is positioned right on top of the control panel , which makes it very difficult to get your fingers into the space to tighten the mounting nut6 -RRB- The instructions indicate to put the cabinet 6-7 feet above the ground , but the instructions do NOT indicate the clearance necessary from the ceiling , about 5 inches , -LRB- you need some extra space because of the way it mounts to the wall -RRB- . In my case I mounted it too near the ceiling , and then needed to remove the wall mount , lower it , and remount . Sort of a pain in the butt .
 I bought this back in 2006 for out basement game room . I loved it . It looked great on the wall and took up such little space when it was put away . I was so happy there was an alternative to the bigger indoor basketball games . Our family played it for about 3 months and the scoring stopped working . My husband is pretty handy but he could not get it to work and the customer service was not helpful . I still thought we would play with it without the scoring . Then the leg that supports it cracked so the game became unsteady . Last the hoop cracked . I do not think we overused it or abused it . It was mostly played by adults or with adult supervision . I was disappointed for the amount of money I spent that it did not last very long . I would love another one like this but I wo n't chance spending so much money espcially with no usuable warantee .
 Great idea for our basement with low ceilings -LRB- 7 ft. -RRB- Installation was easy enough -LRB- although 2 of the 6 screws provided broke -LRB- but we were able to use some of our own screws to replace -RRB- . After less than 24 hours of use the PVC frame cracked and now it makes it difficult to play and fold up to put away . I called the manufacturer to ask for a replacement frame . The parts were not in , but I was promised to receive them in a few weeks . I hope that the replacement parts hold up longer than the original ??!! My kids absolutely love the game 5 yr . old and 2 yr . old . I actually replaced the original balls with softer ones -LRB- for safety indoors -RRB- . We will see if the manufacturer comes though with the parts and if they can hold up better this time . I hope they do .
 The idea is great ! An arcade type , indoor basketball hoop game . I love the compactness too butwe were disappointed in the quality . The screws holding up the net easily popped out and otherscrews are popping out -LRB- from when the ball hits the backboard -RRB- . The storage net which states will holdthe basketballs when not in use can in no way store even one ball -LRB- deflated , yes but who 's goingto do that ? -RRB- We just put it together for xmas and after an hour we had screws popping out.I do n't think this will last for very long . I think I will buy things like this from local storeswhere I can return if dissatisfied.I would not recommend this product ! I 'm sure there are better quality ones out there -LRB- most likelymore expensive too but you get what you pay for - although $ 149 is n't cheap too ! -RRB-
 This chair is rally not practical . It sits very high in the air , way outside of the water . It is difficult to get onto and difficult to stay on . It is just way too large and uncomfortable . I purchased three , opened one and will get rid of the other two . Bad , Bad , Chair !
 This chair was not our first pool chair but , it was our most unstable . It will flip you in a second . Quality of construction and color were good . I gave it away to a younger more slim person . It just needs a design change .
 I do not believe Amazon would have such a poor item in there inventory . I purchase from Amazon feeling safe that they know what products they represent But from now on I 'm not sure if I will ever want to purchase from internet . If you can manage to get into this chair do n't breath because it will flip The design does n't accommodate a human I do n't know how they can sell them Since sending it back -LRB- Which cost me $ 32.50 shipping and I still not sure if I will get the rest of my credit -RRB- I have found others who have the same complaint . I feel Amazon should check this out . Evidently the company knows this is a defective item but continues to sell it
 This item calls for a chip , which is the main item , you have to have , to operate it . My son-in-law put this toy altogether , and you need this chip to be able to communicate , and have this toy functonal . I found out my niece bought the same Command Center from Toysrus and ended up taking it back , because they could n't tell her anything about a chip . Please respond , I do appreciate an answer to my dilema.Thank You , Claudia Combs
 My son rarely plays with this thing . He mainly uses it for a convenient place to store his heroes and vehicles . Assembly was easy and the thing is tougher than boot leather . My son -LRB- 3 yrs old - 30lbs -RRB- uses it as a step stool . The review by `` a toy enthusiast '' pretty much echoes my feelings on this item .
 My five year old got this for Christmas a year ago . Him and his friends play with the rescue heroes for hours and loved the space station . However , this thing is NEVER played with . They are still playing with the space station and I would recomend getting that if it 's still sold . Problem is a family member got aqua center for him so I do n't want to get rid of it yet . It 's very big and takes up a lot of room . However , I gave it 5 stars for durability since it 's only use is when my 2 year old uses it as a step stool to get to the toys on the shelf !
 My son played 2 yrs with all his figures . . he is now 5 . We had the original command center and thought the aquatic one might be a blast . The original one had a great elevator and he played with the voice recorder for hours . The new one , he did not give the time of day . The elevator was a joke and a platform would not stay on . It took up half of my dining room which I would have happily sacrificed if only he actually played with the toy . I said good bye to it last night as we donated it to a daycare in the area . My son did not even mind to see it go . -LRB- And we know how kids hate to part with toys -RRB-
 I bought two of these last year , One for a gift & one for my 6 year old son who is addicted to Rescue Heroes ... we have almost everything that has been made in the RH line . I am a big fan of the Fisher Price RH , they are very durable and fun . However , this Aqua Center was truly a disappointment as others have said , it is really big and bulky . My son played with it for a few days but quickly lost his interest in it . My son does use it for a step stool and my daughter who is 7 likes to dance on it like a stage and she does have tea parties -LRB- using it for a table -RRB- , I will say , it is very well made and durable but really a boring toy . Your child would have a lot more fun playing with all the men , their motorcycles , cars , firetrucks , helicopters , etc. . I would not recommend this unless you need a really large stool plus this toy is WAY over priced .
 My 5 yr.old step-son loves Rescue Heroes and was thrilled when he rec 'd the aqua command center . His `` thrill '' was soon diminished and the aqua command center all to soon became a resting place for his action figures . When asked why he does n't play with the command center , he says it does n't do anything . I paid too much money for a Rescue Heroes shelf .
 This one is junk . It does detect metal 1/8 '' deep . We buried 2 coins a 1/4 '' deep in our sand box . Now I have to stop my 5 year old from screaming that we lost 2 quarters . Guess it is time to get the BIG shovel and sifter and find those quarters !
 I know that its a toy but it could have been a bit better I mean I could n't even pick up something only 2 inchs in the groung . Dont waste your life and money with this .
 this thing sucked . it couldnt detect worth crap . oh except for the gum wrappers and the metal under concrete . I give it zero out of five stars but it made me put one . I lost a coin testing it . DO NOT BUY ! unless you want to waste time and money .
 Our son is crazy about the Cars movie , so we picked up a few of the pullback vehicles for Christmas as stocking stuffers/advent calendar presents . The Mater and Lightning toys ' pullback features broke within minutes of gentle play . Would have expected better from Disney/Pixar merchandise . If you want to avoid tears on Christmas avoid these disappointing pieces of junk .
 Backgammon is a great game.This set is almost worthless . I did n't know that anybody would bother to create such a low quality set . The pieces are tiny and slide around the board far too much . The box is shoddy . I do n't require majestic backgammon sets , but when you buy a $ 10 chess set you get a very usable board and pieces most of the time . In the case of this gammon set , it is so bad that it means playing backgammon is n't fun.I do n't know if there are other $ 10 sets of backgammon that are better . But I know this one is so bad that it 's a waste .
 I think this toy is fun but not that fun . it come with great moth and summond skull action figures though . Its not as fun as it looks . most 2 inch yugioh figures dont budge when you hit the balls at the targets . it gets boring very fast and the marbles get lost easily and you have to have at least 8 figures to even start . it comes with 2 figures so you also have to buy 6 more figures each at 5 bucks a piece . thats 30 dollars plus 20 and some more that over 50 dollars just to play a dumb game that you will probably play once . thats why I ranked it so low .
 I love to purchase fun educational toys for my children and was excited to get this home for them . When each block is dragged across the desk it is supposed to `` read '' each block . The blocks should say the letter , the sound it makes and a word beginning with the letter . Unfortunately , the desk does n't always read the letters and it often took several tries before it did . There are games that can be played too , but my children never got that far since they could n't get it to respond properly . This would be a great toy if it worked as it is described by the manufacturer . Fisher-Price needs to improve this toy before I would recommend anyone to buy this . I think the LeapFrog Read and Write Phonics desk is a better purchase if you are looking for a toy that will help with letter recognition , phonics , writing , and spelling games .
 You have to press the letters pretty hard on the desk to get the correct response . You also have to make sure the letter starts at one end and rolls all the way to the other . You ca n't start the letters in the middle of the desk or roll them on just one wheel the way a 31/2 year old is prone to do . Even if you do roll it correctly it still might not respond to you . First I thought I needed to freshen the batteries the way everyone in these reviews said to do but it did not help at all ! My child is n't the least interested in this toy and it just sits there no matter how much I get it out and try to help her with it . It is too frustrating for a child that is in their independent stage . Save your money .
 very educational but incredibly fragile . not fun at all . It 's educational value is exactly fives times its fun quotient . If both the durability and the ` fun factor ' of this toy were assigned integers , these two integers would be equal . Although I found the toy much more educational than fun or durable , I found the units of all three to be `` stars . ''
 My daughter is very into David Bowie and the 70 's glam rock scene . She 's only 7 mind you but somehow she knows more than I do about the era and I was born in the 70 's ! So I wanted to buy her something -LRB- for her age group -RRB- to do with the 70 's and glam rock for her birthday -LRB- she was born the same day as Nico , whoever that is -RRB- . So I see the words `` Jam and Glam '' and I 'm thinking `` Glam ... `` And it all seemed to fit together . Barbie is very appropriate for her age group . Needless to say , I was very pleased . Now , I know nothing about glam and I 'm thinking that Glam Rock Theresa or whoever would be perfect . Boy was i all wrong . `` Mooooommmm !! They did n't wear pink warm up jackets in the 70 's ! Bowie and Nico would n't be caught dead in this !!! '' I 'm a failure , birthday is ruined . The name of the doll is totally misleading . Parents and shoppers beware
 I do n't say Starlight Fairy Barbie is bad , but my niece has one and she popped its head off because it was so boring . Her mother says that it was n't teaching her anything except for how to wreck Barbies . That shows that it is n't durable . The head is made of a substance easy for a little dog to shred , choke on , and ... oh , I do n't want to talk about it . And what about the people in England who spell fairy f-a-e-r-i-e ? I am completly American , but I spell it faerie because of addiction to this one website . Fun , or flop ? Your opinion .
 I bought this barbie for my daughters birthday . I was n't impressed . Having to reset the barbie to get it to spin was a pain . Also , I took all the clothes off and still could n't get it to spin with new batteries . I ended up purchasing 2 and brought both of them back . I bought the snow white Barbie instead . That was bigger hit !
 I just would like to say that barbie is a piece of junk.The starlight fairy barbie does not have any educational value whatsoever and absolutely no fun factor either . It -LRB- starlight fairy barbie -RRB- is just another way for the Mattel co. to make money off of young children who THINK that they are getting a great toy , when what they are getting is a skydancer spinoff ... I DO NOT RECCOMMEND THIS TOY !!!
 This toy does fall apart if moved . As long as it sits in one spot no problem . It is a little dangerous though . Metal cars and high speed . Do NOT get your head in the way . IT HURTS !!! My boys 8/6 have fun with it but out of their 100 hot wheels cars only about 7 work with it . It 's not the worst toy out there , but it sure is n't the best either .
 A birthday present , what a waste of money . . The little ones played with once . Ages 7/4 They use the dinosaur head for a mask . Very unsteady , and hard to make work . Also for the price , no cars -LRB- not all hot wheels will fit on track -RRB- . This is going to be a return , and purchasing something better for our hard earned money !
 I was planning on getting this for my son for Christmas . I am glad that I read the other parents reviews , it has changed my mind . We already have enough toys that are n't sturdy and are easily disassembled but not so easy to reassemble !!! I do n't need to buy him something that is going to get tucked away for a `` better time '' ! THANKS to all who left a review !
 My six year old got this from `` Santa '' for Christmas . It broke on the second day and it only keeps his attention for a limited time . Now we have to explain how we can return things to a store that Santa brought from the North Pole . The only thing he likes about it now is that it looks so cool . Otherwise , this is a major disappointment .
 I purchased this for my Grandson , who is almost 4 , whom we had an early Christmas . After spending 2 hours trying to put it together , it did n't even work right . The cars would not follow the correct path , and the picture on the box is very deceiving . I do not recommend this toy , and am very disappointed in it .
 My 5 year old son received this as a birthday gift from his grandparents . I plan to return it this weekend . Very simply , time consuming to put together ... tall structure is unstable ... pieces come apart way too easily ... noisy motor ... my 5 year old and 9 year old never got a car to go through the mouth . It just does not work .
 I would not have given it any stars if I had that option ! I should have read the other reviews before buying . I have to agree with everyone else , it is flimsy , and unstable . The braces dont want to stay on it , and most of his cars wont fit in it . You would think that because of this , they would have included some cars with the playset . I wasnt exactly cheap , especially since I purchased it with no discounts . Do yourself a favor and avoid ! Unless you like to spend hours putting something together that falls apart within minutes .
 We purchased this toy for our then 4 yr old son Christmas of 2003 . It was impressive ! The cool factor is right up there . But when I noted how fast the cars dart upwards , I did n't want it in the house . If a child was standing in the wrong spot , the cars could take an eye out ! WAAAAY too dangerous IMO . Took it back the next day .
 It falls apart very easily . It 's defintally not worth -LRB- ... -RRB- !! And actualy it 's not even that fun , my 5 year old played with it for 5 minutes , and never touched it again !!
 This toy fell apart after spending an hour putting it together . It seems really cool , but you can not move it once it is put together and we all clear the area when it is turned on . It seems very dangerous to me . Besides sitting and watching the thing spit out cars , I do n't see what is so great about it . For your money , there are a lot better toys out there .
 I want to thank the people that reviewed this product as well . After buying the `` must have '' Jet City last year for my son who was 4 at the time it also fell apart . I think he was able to play with it 2-3 days max before it fell apart and the main piece broke -LRB- the airplane -RRB- . My son was asking about the T-Rex for Christmas and my husband and I were both thinking no - I was double checking to see if this product was any better and it look like its not - I hope Hot Wheels starts to read these reviews .
 This toy has been junk from the first go . The pieces fall apart constantly . It took my son about 15 minutes to stop playing with this toy that he wanted so badly . It was a great lesson in marketing for him . Now when he sees a `` cool '' toy on TV I just remind him of T-Rex race track .
 Well Mattel has done it again . It 's bad enough that the Barbie toys that had to be put together for my girls throughout the years were a nightmare , now this stupid toy for my nephews is just as horrible . Talk about a waste of time and money . Someone should sue Mattel for ruining many a Christmas . Maybe then they 'll start taking some pride in what they manufacture . Or maybe their toys should come already assembled ? Wonder how long it would take them ? Do n't bother with this T rex toy . Did n't want to give it any stars .
 My mom got this for my 4 year old son for Christmas . It was a huge disappointment for him and us . This toy is not for at all for a 4 year old and the durability of it does not even deserve one star . It was so bad , we put it in a trash bag on Christmas day : -LRB-
 This toy is very frustrating for my boys of 4 and 7 . It constantly came apart . The cars never made it all the way around . It 's dangerous because cars would fly off quickly and cars got stock in the spinning mechanism . If a child reaches in to pull out a stuck car without turning off the toy , their fingers could get caught . I through this toy out within a week of purchase . The toy is also so big it takes up too much room .
 I purchased this for my son for Christmas . I noticed imediately that the snake 's head was never popping off . The tongue of the snake worked properly . The problem with the head seems to be a design flaw . The snake 's head is supposed to pop off whenever a car hits this little yellow plastic `` switch '' at the back of the snakes head . The switch enters the track by the snake 's head bobbing down and then back up . The switch never seems to fully enter the track . So I went out and got another one . Same problem . Do n't bother with this one . Even if the head was working the toy gets really old in no time . Not a lot of excitement past the first three minutes .
 My sons , ages 7 and 10 , played with this toy once and asked if they could give it away . The toy is far too loud . As soon as it is turned on , they cover their ears and leave the room .
 Set it up for two boys - 8 yr old and 4 yr old . Track would not stay together . Very frustrating . One car - accessories fell off on the first try . Great idea but did not work well.We love the octoblast .
 My 7 year old wanted this and when we brought it home it broke within the week . He is not particularly tough on toys and I found the whole thing cheaply made .
 My sister got this for her b-day and her hair is a giant mess from changing it from pink to brown her bangs are all tangled up and her shirt does n't stay tied.It just makes her frustrated and she throws it down and forgets about it .
 My daughter -LRB- 6 -RRB- begged me for the Barbie after seeing the commercials . After finally getting it she was so so disappointed . It did not live up to the commercials . She did n't like how the hair turned around . I do n't think she has played with it at all .
 I just got my order in the mail today . Not only was it SENT opened , someone tried to put a piece of tape on it . Would love to send it back , but is a gift for the tree of joy for a kid in foster care . THANK you for sending me an open toy !!
 My 5 year old son got this for Christmas , and I ended up taking it back to the store . It is dangerous ! The pointy pieces stick straight up -- it could hurt a child who fell on it ! Also , the pieces do n't stay together , which was frustrating . My son did n't even play with it .
 This toy is SUCH a waste of money . It is very poorly constructed ; the pieces will NOT stay together , which is very frustrating for a little boy -LRB- and his parents -RRB- ! The batman figures that are pictured on the box do not fit in the vehicle properly , and the whole thing falls apart as soon as my son starts playing with it . Needless to say , he lost interest on the same day he received it . We are all very disappointed with this toy .
 Please do not buy this toy for a child under the age of 9 or 10 . I read the other reviews that said what a piece of junk this toy is but I thought `` They ca n't all be like that '' . And my 5 year old is such a Batman nut that he would love this toy . But it is an absolute waste of money . It constantly falls apart . I tried to Super Glue the pieces together but it still does n't work . My son ends up frustrated and in tears . This toy was definitely not worth the money .
 I totally agree with the reviewer who pointed out that the Robin action figure is `` hard to find . '' Actually , you can buy him all day long -- on eBay ! I 've had the same problems with some Barbie items . I 've emailed Mattel about both the Barbie & Batman `` collector '' issues & I encourage ALL parents to let Mattel know we 're ready to boycott their products ! My son could n't figure out why Santa would give him a Batmobile that has a special motorcycle for Robin , but did n't leave a Robin action figure to ride on it ! I felt lucky to at least get a Batman that fits into the car . A lot of the Batman dolls do n't even fit ! No little boy wants a Batmobile to put on the shelf or own `` Mint In Box . '' They want to PLAY with toys ! If Mattel is done making toys for kids , then I guess I 'm done with Mattel .
 Before I wrote this review , I read all the other reviews sent in by other consumers . I could n't believe how much we all agreed on the same thing ... this toy is overpriced , poorly constructed , and does n't show much foresight by those who designed it . This toy looks good on a display shelf -- that 's all ! It has too many points sticking out for someone to injure themseves on . The pieces DO NOT stay on . Robin -LRB- if you can even find him -RRB- does n't sit properly in his seat . The car is built too low to the ground . Oh , and did I mention that it 's way overpriced ? It is a good idea , but Mattel missed the mark completely . I guess I ca n't be totally suprised by a toy company that thinks it 's a good idea to make Robin , Joker , Mr. Freeze , and Killer Croc `` rare '' and `` hard-to-find '' . These characters are as essential to the Batman story as Batman himself . Yet , they make everyone run around like fools trying to buy the toys that their children really want to play with only to find out that the `` toy collectors '' have already purchased them . It makes me wonder who Mattel is making toys for -- the children or the `` toy collectors '' . I 'm convinced that Mattel is more concerned with making large profits on cheap toys than bringing happiness to the REAL end users -- kids !
 My husband purchased this toy online for our son . He was overseas so I was the one who had the task of putting it together . First of all , it was very hard to assemble . The pieces had to snap into one another which seems easy but is not . I finally took it to my neighbor who is fairly strong and he also had a hard time , but finally succeeded . Not only was it hard to put together but you had to be careful while assembling it so that you would not loose an eye . The ends are very pointed . As hard as it is to put together it is equally hard to keep together . I am continuously reassembling it , even though each time gets a little easier , it gets more annoying . My son gets frustrated every time it falls apart . I have never in my life had such an awful toy . Today I assembled the toy for the last time and hung it on the wall . Again , due to the ends being so pointed I hung it fairly high on a wall . In conclusion , SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 My six year old son , who loves cars , had to have this for his collection . After putting it together and not having figures to put in the car we rushed out to get Batman and Robin . No Robin anyplace and two different batman 's -LSB- 6 '' -RSB- did not fit in seats . Legs were too wide for passenger seat and top would not close down over figure in driver 's seat . Figure 's were returned and considering returning the batmobile too ! Wasted much of my time running around searching and returning .
 I bought this toy for my son on his fifth birthday . He had been wanting it for a while and his enthusiasm was short lived when he finally got it . He lost most of the pieces right away and the parts that are not lost continue to fall off of the mobile . Also , the car is so low to the ground that it can not be pushed across the carpet without the fins getting snagged . I wish I would have known that it was not intended to be played with before I bought it .
 After we took this out of the box , we could n't believe how sharp and rigid the tail pieces were . We cut off the points to make the ends blunt for a little piece of mind seeing that it would be in the hands of a four year old . But why should the consumer need to spend a great deal of money on a child 's toy and then have to make it safer ? And finally-WHERE IS ROBIN ? What a brilliant idea to create a special pull out section for an impossible to find sidekick !
 I always falls apart , and my son stops playing with it once it does , it was one of his Christmas gifts , and I think it was the worst because the parts just fall off during play time .
 I purchased this looking ahead to some family get-togethers and larger family reunions . I had hoped it would initiate some fun discussions about family history and fond remembrances . It scares me a bit , though . Some of the question categories relate to family secrets and skeletons in the closet . I 'm not so sure I want to dredge up things like that at my family reunion .
 Mattel needs to take a few lessons from their subsidiary , Fisher-Price on how to build a toy to last . I am thoroughly disappointed with the quality of this toy . Mattel 's barbie dolls are truly built with high quality , but that is where the durability ends . It looks as though Barbie did her baby shopping at Kmart . Maybe Ken was laid-off during the unofficial economic recession . The crib in this set falls apart with minimal use . It is not built to even snap together securely . The playpen is not even built to snap together at all ! You just place the `` net '' on top of the floor , and it easily falls off with play . I wish I had bought the fisher-price loving family nursery set I was eyeing because it looked a lot sturdier . What a waste of $ 15 . My three year old hardly plays with it because it falls apart so easily . The rocking chair is the one piece that holds together . Mattel needs to stop being so greedy by making cheap toys . I would rather pay a few extra dollars and buy something that will last through my children . Shame on Mattel . They ought to market their Barbie furniture products to the dollar store .
 this item came broken and because its so cheap to begin with i didnt even waste my time ordering a new one
 This did not come with instructions - just a wood box in a cardboard shipping box . Needless to say I was a little disappointed .
 There were no instructions , and the online instructions made no sense . The box does nothing . The top opens and closes . There are no secret compartments in it or anything at all . We have a plastic , cheap version that works much better . Thought this would be an upgrade , but it turned out to be a total waste of money .
 Very disappointed with this product . It was much smaller than I pictured it to be . The `` trick '' is very simplistic and is something that could really be done without a special box .
 I do n't get it . It does n't do anything . It did n't come with any instructions , and I do n't understand how to use the box . It rattles when I press on it , but nothing disappears inside . Where can I get an instruction sheet ? I 'm frustrated . I wanted my little boy to use it , but I ca n't even figure it out . What a dud .
 goal frame is okay but net is a pile of pants and does not last five mins . cant seem to buy replacement
 I had been searching for a good quality Chinese checker game and finally decided to try this one . Ordering on-line without seeing the product and only a small photo does not make it easy . The game just arrived today and it will be among the things I take for my next drop-off to my local Goodwill store as a donation . While the wood box is stong and study the other drawbacks outweigh the construction of the box . First , there are no lines on the board to show beginning players the legal ways that the marbles can be moved . This is the one major complaint I have with almost all the boards I 've seen . Second the marbles are about worthless to try to use . They are all clear and the color shade is not great enough to be able to tell the colors apart . I have to actually remove the marble from the playing board and hold it up to a light to try to determine the color.I 'm still looking for a quality board wih the lines etched into it to show the allowable moves and a good set of solid color marbles .
 While I do n't care about the lines showing legal moves , I agree with the other reviewer that this set is n't really usable . I also could n't tell the colors of the marbles apart , even holding the marbles against a white cloth in bright light . -LRB- They are nowhere near as bright in color as the photo of the product would indicate . -RRB- I never did identify the purple ones ... Also , these marbles are smaller than normal marbles , and the holes on the board are very closely spaced . This makes the set difficult to use without knocking other marbles out of place when playing - which makes it hard for young children , those with limited dexterity , or even those with large fingers to use . I 'm returning this set and looking for something better .
 Thats all what is good about this product is the beautiful box . The marbles are sooooo light I could not tell which color is which , only the red and green can you tell , the others you have to hold up to the light and there is no purple marbles to go on the purple section . So I had to buy new darker marbles . But the box is pretty thats why it says premium wood box . Thats all that was premium . And the directions in the box do not tell you a good enough direction on how to play , so unless you already know how to play , you would have no idea what to do . But it is a fun game .
 This doll does n't meet any standards . I do n't understand how it can be sold in the US . I would n't let a kid play with it .
 I purchased this game thinking it would be a nice addition to my LOTR paraphernalia . I was sorely dissappointed to see the Rings are plastic , not the metal I expected . Be aware .
 This game is so hard . I cant even solve the first puzzle ! I 'm eleven soon to be twelve and I 'm in all honors but this handheld game is too darn hard . Believe me if u want this game then you have to very very smart.GOOD LUCK !
 I am an avid toy collector . In my opinion , this game is too challenging . It is for ages 8 + I am an intelligent 28 yr old and can not clear puzzle 3 of 1000 . You might want to try before you buy , or it could become another useless plastic dust collector . hope this helps !
 My little boy loves his Justice League Superheroes , however , this toy proved to be a disappointment to us . Its durability is quite poor . Everytime he tries to put Flash in or out of the cockpit , the door comes off . Trying to separate the aircraft into two separate ones is no easy task -- even for an adult . My four year old is constantly asking me to put it together and take it apart because he can not do it himself . This toy has been truly frustrating for him and he gets so aggravated with it constantly falling apart .
 My two-year-old received this pizza set , as well as several other food sets , as a gift . The Pizza Hut set was the worst by far . Poor quality
 My daughter recieved this game for her 4th birthday . She is a huge Strawberry Shortcake fan so this was the perfect gift for her . Unfortunately the colorforms are hard to work with . The game board never layed flat and the game was very simple . My biggest problem with this game is that the colorforms are not able to stick back on the original sheet so you end up with a box of little pieces that you must go through everytime you play the game . This went from her favorite game when she first received it to not being played with at all .
 This game was a real let down . We wasnt able to finish a game because the matt was so bumpy the pieces would n't sit on the matt becasue its a plastic sheet thats folded in the box . I have to find away to iron the matt and each time we play the game I will have to flatten the matt to play which is extra work I was n't prepaird for . I dissapointment for my 3 year old who got this from santa .
 I agree that the bumpy mat & the poor quality of the colorforms make this frustrating to play . But I do n't think the substance of the game is really all there either . It 's not very fun , the rules are sketchy in some areas . It seemed like a great idea , but just does n't come through.After only being played once or twice it went at our last garage sale ...
 my daughter still has it after yrs so its durable but we really never figured this game out - and my husband and i are both have bachelors
 I bought just the car for my little girl for Christmas . All this toy does is honk , say `` Watch where your going ! '' , roll the window up and down , and maybe play one song , and whistle . After about an hour she quit playing with it . Maybe it 's more fun if you have a house to go with it ??
 Disappointed by the number of errors in the answers provided with the card set in this game . For what is sold as an educational toy for children , the quality control is sadly lacking . If you accept the information provided in the game , your children will learn misleading answers .
 The pedals are on a rod with very little bend so pedaling barely turns the tire .
 I purchased this set with the Insect Lore Painted Lady Butterfly Activity Cards . Set was supposed to come with 72 pieces and we only got 68 . There is not enough pieces to complete the activity cards , even if we did get the 72 pieces . For example
 This toy has been recalled ! -LSB- ... -RSB- It poses a strangulation hazard to children , they can be caught between the table and the seat ... without proper -LRB- constant -RRB- supervision , this toy could turn deadly . Beware .
 I bought this chair for my one year old for Christmas 2007 . I thought he would really like it and while he occasionally plays with it ; he has other toys that he got at the same time that he plays with a lot more . Overall , though , it 's cute and fun . I think my six year old likes it more , onlly because he knows how to make the chair `` talk '' . My one year old is still trying to figure this part out . He does however like to put his stuffed animals in it and he knows that when he sits down in it it `` talks '' . The chair does exactly what I thought it would ; I just think that I should have waited until my youngest was a little older to get it . Maybe when he 's two ... The chair does show colors , animals and numbers . The lamp changes colors each time it 's pushed and the chair has two settings for learning and music which is nice .
 This toy is loud and obnoxious . I do n't see how it is educational at all . It is also not fun for my one year old . My three older children are eligible for Mensa and they did not play with this type of toy . It also does not fit in with my educational philosophy . There is no stimulation for the imagination here -- it is the same thing over and over . And it is made in China . Once you put it together , it can not come apart , so it will never fit into the box again . I called Fisher-Price and they refused to take the piece of plastic junk back -- my reasons were n't good enough -LRB- !!! -RRB- So , this expensive twaddle will sit out for the trash pickup -- and I will never purchase anything from Mattel/Fisher-Price again .
 Only one complaint-the music and lyrics are hard to understand . But the ` butt ' shaking is more than worth it .
 I was looking forward to this toy ... after reading the reviews , I knew it would be small ... I knew it would flash , blah blah blah ... What I DID NOT know is that each time it flashes , it beeps SO LOUDLY over and over . OMG , OVER AND OVER . Not just one or two beeps , but it beeps over and over and over , each time it gets a signal from the treasure , it is CONSTANT , and it is LOUD.My husband is going to have to figure out how to make this either not beep and only flash , or at the very least how to make it not so loud . :-LRB- I wish I had known how loud this would be , I would have rethought it . It is loud enough to trigger headaches ... There is no visible speaker on it , so to make it softer will mean it has to be taken apart . Hopefully , it wont ruin the toy when we do that . If you can handle the loud , insanely loud constant beeping ... then this would be great . Otherwise , think twice . I would have .
 I received this puzzle broken . The baby elephants trunk is quite slender and was broken in half . I 'm requesting a replacement , however , I 'm afraid that even if we receive it intact that my 1 year old could easily and accidentally break it just by holding it , thus creating a choking hazard . It 's unfortunate , I was really excited about this puzzle . Also , it is much smaller than I imagined .
 we got this for my daughter for christmas and we filled it several times but the air kept leaking out . kind of a crappy gift . oh , well most things these days are junk and a waste of resources .
 My son loves this , but it arrived w. a giant leak , so I have a very sad 4 yr old : -LRB-
 This is very difficult for young children . My 6 & 7 yr olds did not last long playing it . I was not impressed with this game .
 My son loves these dice and they are a very fun game for him to play -LRB- he 's 8 yrs old -RRB- , but the bag that came with them was ripped when we took it out of the package . So disappointing for a brand new toy to already be ruined before its even played with . : -LRB-
 Just received this today and I was expecting greater things from Luna and especially the Aurora model . I found some very good reviews online and can not believe that people were commenting on the same guitar . # 1 Neck is bowed to make the upper half of the fretboard unusable . Truss rod adjustments were useless # 2 The fret markers were paper stickers that started to peel off from the humidity in the air before my daughter even had a chance to play it . # 3 The fretboard looks like it was badly damaged when they filed down the fret ends and was then painted over with a sharpie.This is more of a toy than anything that you could find at a dollar store .
 in the video this unit shows it going from one area to another effortlessly when put together the truck base gets stuck at the point where the unit uses the payloader to load the marbles into the dump truck .
 The tracks do not stay snapped together . When we can put it together and get the train on there , it runs off the track . I am SO disappointed because the other reviews are great and this JUST is not working for me . I have put it together 3 different times and it does not matter the little car wo n't stay on the track . I had a very disappointed 4 year old boy .
 We bought this for our 21/2 year old and at first he loved it , as did our 4 year old , but both got bored with it the first day . Once we got it assembled , they had fun watching the trucks go around a few times , but then they wanted to rearrange the tracks . Unfortunately nothing works unless the track is in the predesigned order . It is now a year later , and they have never touched the toy again . :-LRB- It did seem well made and did do what it was supposed to , but just not worth it in my opinion since it is so limited in how you can play with it . You ca n't even interact with it . You just sit there and watch it do what it 's supposed to do .
 We ordered this Big loader from here , got it promptly . Our son was excited , got it set up , we watched it go about for a bit less than an hour and then the motor burnt out on the car . Now it is a worthless pile of plastic with nothing we can do about it . I wrote the company , we will see if they send a replacement .
 I bought this toy for my daughter for her birthday , she loves things like this . I have heard this was a good brand , and the video looked great . The thing the video does n't tell you is that , putting it together is beyond frustrating as the pieces do not snap together well and as you are putting the next piece together , the previous falls apart . The track and trucks are VERY poorly made , very cheap plastic that if you are n't super careful will break easy . The track falls apart at the tiniest nudge . The vehicles at least once ever 3-4 times around fall off the track . My daughter is careful , but still it falls apart so easily . I do n't see the toy lasting long . She giggled at it and enjoyed it to start , but keeps getting frustrated at it falling apart and falling off the track . Would not recommend . Really cute idea and concept , but they need to follow through on quality .
 I was looking for Thomas Big Loader and found out it they did n't make them anymore . My son had it when it was smaller and he played and played with it . Unfortunately some of the small balls where lost and a piece to the tower is missing . I was hoping this would be just as good for my grandson for his birthday . We put it together and it played with it them but the track would easily come apart and he grew frustrated with it . I do n't think I have seen him play with it since .
 This toy should not be purchased . It will never stay in place while kids play . Very low quality and disappointing .
 This toy was almost impossible to put together , then none of the parts really work the way it shows . Very cheaply made ! It 's already in the garage sale pile !
 It 's an adorable product but unfortunately it was a defected one . The foot or claw was put on backwards . Also , for some reason , you can not shut off the i-Cat without removing the batteries - several people read and followed the directions but it just would n't shut off . Every 5 minutes it gives off a piercing meow sound which can get on your nerves after a while . In any event , I chose not to return it since it was a Christmas gift for my daughter and she did n't really want to part with it .
 It 's cute , but after one drop on a hard floor , the cat stopped breathing . The motor still turns on and makes noise , but something must have gotten dislodged . Bummer , cause it broke on Christmas , first day out of the box . Disappointed .
 Great idea but motor does not have enough torque to overcome friction in the gearbox and from the external cam . If the engineers had used a better quality motor instead of the piece of junk inside , they would have had a great product !
 ITEM WAS PURCHASED FOR A CHRISTMAS PRESENT . GOOD THING I CHECKED IT OUT BEFORE GIVING IT AS A GIFT . IT DID NOT WORK . . ASKED FOR A REFUND .
 Not a bad product , but I find my son tends to tip back the wagon too much as he is walking . The wagon just seems a bit too light , even with a few toys tossed inside.My boy prefers the tonka truck walker better , it does n't tip over and he can get rough with it without any worries .
 Fun game . Lousy cards . Two of the cards were torn but that was n't what bothered us the most . The cards have some kind of powder that makes your hands feel dirty and sticky . We could actually taste this stuff . Strange . We really wonder what it is that they put on them in China . Any answer?Winning Moves Games Canasta Caliente
 These cards have a finish that does not allow for easy dealing or handling . Ours were stiff and did not become flexible with use , as we had hoped . I donated them to GoodWill and purchased a well-known brand -LRB- Bicycle -RRB- . What a difference !
 My son could not wait until his fourth birthday ! He knew that his grandfather had purchased Sky High Rescue for him , and he had wanted that toy so badly !! When he received the well-intentioned gift , my father and I were sorely disappointed . It was flimsy , awkward , and just not much fun . My son was a little disappointed , but continues to play with it . I do n't know how this toy can be improved , but the commercial surely portrays a much higher quality product than it actually is ! I wish this were a more positive review .
 My 3 yr . old son saw this in the toy store and just had to have it . I 've heard that matchbox toys are very well made and durable , so I do n't know what happened to this one ! We brought it straight home from the store and put it together . The directions were simple enough , but it was hard to snap the pieces together . As soon as my son began playing , it was obvious this toy was not going to last long . Every time he put a little pressure on the ramp with his car or bumped into it , pieces started coming apart . We were both aggravated and disappointed with this toy and we are going to return it today !!
 This was a gift that my son received for his birthday . It 's already going into the goodwill bin . The thing was a pain to put together -LRB- my husband and 8 year old daughter spent about 20 minutes figuring out how it went together -RRB- and fell apart the moment it was moved . A much better toy in this category is the Fisher Price Spiral Speedway .
 This toy was a new venture for my 31/2 yr . old son . He was moving up to bigger & better things -LRB- or so we thought -RRB- . Putting this toy together was fairly simple , however , keeping it together was a different story . Move it once , and it falls apart . Continually , while he played ; he would call me in his room to fix it . Needless to say , it 's now in the attic . There is no support to this flimsy product , which makes it completely useless . We will be more careful in our next selection .
 My son is 4 and was so frustrated with this toy because it would not stay together . It 's kind of hard to push a car down a ramp that falls apart every 2 minutes . I got tired of him crying over it and I 'm returning it . This is also the 3rd or 4th set like this -- we also had a car wash and a car dealership that I threw out for the same reason . They are just junk .
 Ok , pretty easy to put together , but that 's what you do constantly , put it back together . You give your child something to play with independently , and every 60 seconds , `` Mommy , can you fix this ? '' Not very fun .
 You will definetly like this item if you like toys that fall apart . I spent more time putting it back together than my son had to play with it . Save your money .
 I put this item in my cart yesterday at 7.99 , today when i went to purchase my order the price went up to 19.99 ! obviously i 'm not buying it now . this happened to a few more items but not at this much of an increase . Shoppers beware .
 Maybe our son is too young to enjoy this toy , -LRB- he 's not yet 2 -RRB- but he has banged it once or twice with vigor , though not quite hitting the nail on the head . In any case , it requires a lot of power to really drive those pegs into the board . This is good and bad . The pegs do n't get lost , but that 's because it takes a strong kid to whack 'em all the way through . Very durable and well made , though kinda small sized .
 Our daughter is 7 and the straps dig into her neck a little . However it has very good coverage and light . The heart guard shirts even the extra small were too big and the shield would be at her stomach level . We are taking it a tailor to have the shoulder straps folded in half to make them thinner or put some fleece around them so its more comfortable . Other than the modification I think its great . ** updateDidnt work out . To restrictive . Had the straps replaced to look more like over all to get it off the neck but it was to bulky . Went with the evoshield . Way better .
 Do not buy this oneunless you want to pay $ 5.00 for the colour !! Buy the blue one from Amazon instead . They are IDENTICAL but with different prices and colour . The yellow one is $ 15.44 and the other is $ 9.99 ! I am sure there could be copyright issues but do n't even go there . Do NOT buy the `` Pack of three '' as suggested by Amazon . Buy two blues ones if you want two subamarines.By the way , neither are much good actually , unless you have a bath that is 20 feet long !!
 After only 2 weeks of use , 2 of the legs would not lock into place . The hinge mechanism is poorly made . I would buy a non-folding one .
 All of the Evenflo ExerSaucer models have jagged notched lower edges on the plastic seat ring so that you can lock it into a stationary position . There were tiny sharp plastic barbs on the corners of those notches on ours and I scraped by baby 's leg on one when lifting her out . She cried and bled and I felt terrible . Evenflo sent me a new seat ring and I can tell that they sanded those corners . It 's better , but be very careful with one out of the box . I went to the store and felt the floor models and they also had sharp spots . The Baby Einstein version does n't have the cut-outs so may be safer .
 I can not believe they sold this horse to me for $ 90 plus $ 30 shipping . It is light and not even a newborn could sit on it without collapsing !! I am sooo disappointed !!!!!!!!! 1
 Do n't buy if you want it for a toy because after I bought it , I found out it was n't supposed to be ridden or sat on . The only thing it is good for is for looks ! Very light and not even worth half the price .
 I thought this would `` drive '' on it 's own . As it turns out , the rider moves up and down , but the ATV just sits still . I gave it as a gift and was a bit emabarrased to discover this after the fact . A bit dissapointing .
 We bought this toy for our two and four year old , thinking it would be an educational experience based on motor and analytical skills . It would have been as the package intended but the toy 's magnetic element is weak and light.The bars and balls do not stick together that well as the magnets are small , thus have a weak magnetic pull . The bars and balls fall off quickly and even a basic shape such as a cubed square do not stand up . The joints slide off easily.Overall , it is flimsy and not worth the price , although the packaging and website claims it is `` super-strong '' . It 's not even a little strong . It was frustrating for our little kids to attempt to build a structure with this toy , despite adult assistance and supervision.Don ' t waste your time or money with this toy . We are sorely disappointed .
 My 2.5 year old daughter loves magnets and blocks , so I thought this would be a winner . It was a little pricey , but I figured it would be worth it . The toy is advertised as having strong magnets for building , and the photos show vertical constructions . But we found the magnets are not strong enough to build even the simplest vertical structure , such as the cube pictured in the advertisement . The only thing we could get to stay up was a pyramid . Anything else collapses . I tried a couple of different ways to construct the cube , even trying to construct the `` walls '' on the ground and lifting them up -LRB- like they do for houses ! -RRB- but no luck . My kids made shapes flat on the floor and played with them , and rolled the balls around . But there is no way to use this product as it is advertised .
 I have a number of Stikfas that I use as unique dorky decoration at my desk at work . They 're rather fun to assemble and pose , and while this kit seems like it would be good , the plastic in my particular kit was extremely shoddy . A number of ball joints were larger than the sockets , and the plastic was incredibly stiff , which ultimately led to the pirate figure being physically impossible to assemble . A number of the pieces broke during assembly . I am unsure if it was my individual kit or if there was a problem with this particular line , but either way it was incredibly frustrating.Just the same , should the pieces prove durable , this kit has a variety of options for assembly , and the toy line overall is great fun .
 This bag is a made in china crap . Customer service was more than awesome but I do not recommend this bag .
 This is a pretty wimpy magnet for it 's size . Like the title says it 's mostly plastic with some wimpy magnets in the ends . I was hoping for something stronger to impress my kids with magnetism but this falls way short .
 I tried to prank a friend on a flight halfway across the country with this `` fart candy , '' thinking what better way to use this joke than on a crowded plane . I tested it on myself first a few days before the flight and after 8 hours I had farted only once which is much less than normal for me . I tried it on my friend and his wife for an entire weekend anyway to no avail . Great idea , but it does n't deliver .
 I tried this and 3 other variants -LRB- fish taste , strong chilli and one that colours the tongue blue -RRB- on a number of colleagues . The waiting time expecting them to start farting or swearing because of the foul taste was the most fun about this candy . Laughing just at the tought . The actual effect ... DISSAPOINTING ! Not a single fart and no-one complained about taste . They have been eating them all like if it was ... oh yeah ... CANDY ! Dont spend your money on this . Its useless .
 I ordered this from amazon and it came in pretty quickly as usual . I gave it to a friend of mine as a joke . i waited until he ate it to tell him what he had just ate . i waited and waited but nothing happened . it did n't work at all . do n't waste your money on this .
 Right out of the box the door on the bank broke off , just like that . We had to fix it with super glue . I was hoping you put the money in the top and the light and sound trigger , but u have to open the flimsy doors . It was lame and I was disappointed with the quality of the construction .
 The makers of this bank missed the wagon on this one and the previous edition with the 9th doctor.HELLO TOY MAKER!it 's not about the cast its about the TARDIS.The Tardis is the true star of Doctor who.The actors alone could not have generated the interest in Doctor who that the Tardis has and unlike the doctor the exterior has remained largely unchanged and comfortably familiar.I honestly do not like the reincarnated version of Dr Who . I do n't like the charecters and I do n't want to hear them takling when i open the tardis doors . This new version keeps the same old cast comming back and reappearing.It is just tiresome and boreing.This new updated version is just a dissapointment.The young cast is barely bearable but a these young doctors are just plain unbelievable , and uninteresting.I am not a fan of the new Tardis interior either.What was wrong with the classic wall of circles?If it ai n't broke why go to messing with it?The electronics inside the money chamber is plain dumb.Loose the voices , the picture of the charecters and you have made a vast improvement on this tardis and increases it 's desireability in the eyes of fans of the original series.Additionally if you can not make the doors open inward , do n't make the doors open at all.All that stupid stuff killed the mass appeal for this tardis bank .
 I guess one of those casies you get what you pay for . Extremely small and cheaply made
 Product I received did not come with the wallet with `` Wipe-Clean '' paper . UV ink nib and black ink nib that it claimed it did in the product features . I am highly disappointed that I can not get the correct product via Amazon or ABCTOY4ME . There is a version with the wallet -LRB- approx 19 $ -RRB- and one without -LRB- approx 24 $ -RRB- . The is a big difference in product worth and cost . I will purchase it elsewhere now.Product Featuresincludes a hidden UV pen & UV light which reveals your secret writingButton activated lights & ` Sonic Screwdriver ' sound effectsIncludes wallet with `` Wipe-Clean '' paper . UV ink nib and black ink nibRequires 3x AG13 Batteries -LRB- included -RRB-
 Got this as a gift for my husband , not as a child 's toy . It has sat in the box since . It looks and feels very cheap , I 'm not exactly strong & it felt like about to break when I tried to manipulate it so would probably not last long at all with a child . I see I 've put 3 stars for durability by mistake & it wo n't let me edit . We have n't bothered to try to use it except for a couple of minutes on opening so I ca n't speak to durability but I do n't expect much from the cheap flimsy feel of it ! The sound effect is just a very weak buzz , we both said `` that was it ?? '' It 's not even nice to use as a pen . It may end up on eBay but the buyer would probably want his money back ! I 'd say it 's one of those things that seems like a fun idea but very disappointing in its execution & do n't waste your money !
 I love the Doctor Who -LRB- DW -RRB- BBC series and therefore wanted a small piece of memorabilia for posterity . Searching for DW products within the Amazon jungle 's extensive vendor database , I stumbled across a TARDIS cookie jar and a 10th generation sonic screwdriver . After serious review of the aforementioned items , I purchased the screwdriver . My decision was mostly influenced by the glowing reviews which I now believe were written by employees -LRB- imps -RRB- of the diabolical manufacturer . The only realistic parts of the sonic screwdriver were the batteries . The photo shop image of this item is a sham . The actual product is a cheap oversized vaguely familiar replica . The sonic screw driver is so large it can be seen by dreaded Daleks two galaxies away . This product is over priced -LRB- not worth more than 13 dollars US tops . The industry can create all kinds of shapes with plastics which are highly malleable . What happened here ? I wonder if I can sell my sonic screwdriver at the next Proctologist convention . Buyer beware . - ClolC
 What i ordered was the tenth doctors sonic screwdriver that extended with uv light , sound , and 2 different pen caps what i recieved was a tenth doctor sonic screwdriver flashlight with no pen and from the package discription no sound as i wouldnt be able to tell because it was cracked and does n't do anything .
 I expected it to be a plastic toy , so I was n't surprised by the screwdriver 's physical condition . The product description needs to be changed to reflect that it does n't come with the psychic paper . The one I got must have been a dud , because it does n't work . No lights , no sounds , just a neat-looking toy . It 's cool to have it just to have it but I 'm sooooo bummed that the bells & whistles do n't work . : -LRB-
 This screwdriver is the wrong one ! It looks nothing like the one in the picture , it does n't make the noise , extend , OR have a pen installed or have the pen tips ! Even the packaging it came in looked nothing like in the pictures and description ! I am INCREDIBLY disappointed and angry that I paid about $ 20 for a cheap piece of plastic that does nothing but shine a light ! I would return it immediately if my brother had n't cut open the plastic by mistake . It barely weighs an ounce!A warning to everyone who plans to order this , PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE do NOT open the plastic if you ordered this and the package looks nothing like in the picture ! The plastic packaging is about 2 '' / 8 '' and rectangular in shape . Return it ! It is n't satisfying at all and is only a piece of plastic with a bright light at the end . I hate that I ca n't return it ! SO DISAPPOINTED .
 Although this sonic screwdriver looks pretty cool , it is a peice of junk . It can easily be broken . My 7 year old son played with it for two days and the button to turn on the light/make the sonic noise broke off . We have yet to find the little button . -LRB- Not good if you have small children -RRB- I do not recommend this toy .
 My kid likes it , but for that price I expected something more substantial , better built . It 's fragile and does n't do much -LRB- gee , an LED lights up -RRB- . It 's lame .
 the doctors sonic screwdriver was a very fun toy/collectible but the plastic is fragile and cant take more than two drops on the floor and the emitter tip Broke first drop the the second drop the wires to the wire and the sound chip riped and it no longer works but over all it was very fun
 I got this sonic screw driver to add to my Doctor Who collection . For that purpose it was ok . As a toy for a child , it is a piece of junk . It is very cheaply made , the bottoms only work if you fiddle with them . A toy made of solid plastic and operated by imagination would have been much better . It really is cheaply made and would only last five minutes if played with .
 I hate to even write this , I 'm a huge Dr Who fan and bought this for a Halloween costume this year , but the build quality leaves so much to be desired on this piece.It just feels horribly flimsy . I ca n't uncap the pen nib without pulling the whole pen base off half the time , the plastic creaks like it wants to split when I extend it -LRB- no , I did n't over-tighten the screw inside the slider -RRB- , the thumb tab was removed only once to install the batteries and now it feels like it 's barely staying on after snapping it back into place . The head piece is just slightly crooked where it was glued to the stalk , and I worry that one of these days , that 's the point where it 's going to snap . Even the casting seams were n't properly cleaned up before applying this very thin layer of paint.The sound effects were a bit bland as well . Just two sounds , basically the same sound actually , in 2 different keys ... not even noticeably different unless you press it multiple times in a row and listen carefully.It 's still a required prop , no question about it , you ca n't have a Doctor costume without a sonic screwdriver . It 's just that this one looks , feels and sounds more like what I 'd expect from a knock off , not a $ 30 licensed product . I thought I was just being too picky , then I let my 9 year old son play with it and he pointed out half the same complaints I had.I guess all in all it 's an `` okay '' piece , but one I would n't want to spend more than $ 10-15 on if I had actually held it in my hands before deciding to buy it . $ 5-7 if it did n't have the licensed name inflating the price
 I bought this Dr. Who toy for my 15-year-old 's birthday , and after reading the product description and other reviews I was expecting this toy to be much nicer . My first impression was , `` this thing really looks more plasticky than I was expecting . '' The light and the noise work my as expected , but it feels cheap and poorly made . When you extend the screwdriver the cap on the back often falls off and the whole thing feels a bit like it might fall apart . This feels like a $ 5 toy to me , it was definitely not worth over $ 30 . My son was very excited about the gift when he saw it , and quickly went through the first battery , but overall I 'd still say his impression was `` disappointed '' as well .
 The extending action is interesting , and the sound and light are accurate and fun . The size is accurate as well , but I 'm a little disappointed with the quality . I like the fact that it doubles as a pen , but the pen nob falls off easily - more easily than the pen cap . The plastic construction looks a bit cheap . For the price I was expecting a bit more quality .
 I had hoped that for $ 30 + this item would be anything but cheap . It is an extruded plastic toy . The pen tips are approximately 3 cm long . You can not utilize the toy for writing even as a novelty . Any pressure applied while writing makes the pen tip fall out . The cover piece of plastic falls off when actuating the slide . The toy does make the &#34; sonic screwdriver &#34; sound . The light is a near UV led.I need to say here that I did not expect a prop replica here but a partly metallic item for this money is not unrealistic .
 I ordered this for my boyfriend last year for Christmas , and was a bit disappointed with the result . The screwdriver is NOT realistic ; it 's plastic and very dull . The sound worked and was pretty fun , until it broke after about a month from use . Basically if you are expecting an exact sonic screwdriver replica , then do n't go for this . It 's really fun to play with though ! Probably best for a child .
 Unimpressive flimsy plastic casing and does n't work for very long . Too bad because the pictures were so cool . Very lame .
 This toy fell apart within minutes of opening the box . Made of cheap plastic . It looked great but do n't be fooled . I do not reccomed buying !
 Arrived properly packaged with no damage . Batteries included . Laser light does n't work as a pointer , just illuminates the blue end cap and that is dim . The sonic sound is just a beep each time you push the button . After three weeks the push button has failed . You must wiggle it side to side to make it work . Batteries were checked and found to be fully charged at 1.5 vdc each . I 've had christmas cards that sing louder . As a show piece that sits on the shelf ... it does n't measure up either . The plastic case has stamped impressions that would need to be -LRB- painted -RRB- detailed to allow it to be properly displayed . The secret writing ink did work and the blue light did allow the ink to be visible . A fun fact for the kids , but that did n't last long . I wo n't waste money on trying the 11th Doctor 's sonic screwdriver .
 I bought this after I had already purchased the 11th Doctor 's Sonic Screelwdriver . This was is substantially lacking in quality construction . There is a plastic piece used to slide the screwdriver into an extended position , that will fall off without much force at all . The whole of the toy is n't even good plastic . I recommend this as a child 's toy who is not yet a Whovian . When a prop quality version is mass produced I 'll be certain to mention it here .
 we are big Dr. Who fans , and wanted to get the sonic screwdrivers of the last 3 doctors , BUT ... . when we went to order the 10th doctors screw driver this is the only one we found . a toy . and a toy is just that ! it is very cheaply made and it looks it too ! we also ordered the 11th doctors screwdriver -LRB- the replica -RRB- that was very well made , and next to it , this one looks rediculous ! would return it , but that is a pain , so it stays in the drawer instead of on the shelf with the other dr. who stuff . if you have a child that wants a toy , this would be the item for them , but if you are a collector of dr. who things , I wouldnt get this ... . its a shame they didnt make a replica of this one like they did for the 11th doctor ...
 I was surprised by the flimsiness of this product . It 's solidly constructed from genuine cheap plastic parts -LRB- excluding the necessary metal for the battery pack -RRB- After opening the package the slide button immediately popped off . This is supposed to come loose to allow access to the screw that opens the battery case . However it is always loose and ready to pop off . Lifting my thumb off the button is often enough to pull it loose.The ` two distinct sounds ' are barely discernible from each other even in a completely silent room . Press button once for sound one and again for a minutely different sound.The little UV light works perfectly.My sonic arrived with one working pen nib -LRB- the ink pen -RRB- and one dry pen nib -LRB- the UV pen -RRB- I can only assume this toy has been sitting in a warm place for a very long time because the UV pen nib was sealed in factory shrink wrap but was still bone dry when it arrived.The suggested ` fix ' for this is either add water to the nib . -LRB- we all know how well that works -RRB- or buy a new one . -LRB- oh , I see -RRB- The batteries are easily installed but you will need a very small screwdriver to do so . -LRB- an actual screwdriver -RRB- Which is kind of funny when you think about it.This toy is cute , it 's fun to have , but I would n't purchase this for anyone under the age of 13 . It 's simply too delicate to survive any serious ` play ' . It 's a little overpriced for a novelty pen even if it is in the shape of a sonic .
 Would have returned the one that did n't work , but did n't keep receipt . my girls were so excited to each get one . One I bought from a local record store , and it worked , the one I bought online , no sound . SONIC screwdriver , yeah , sound is important ! My daughter was so bummed out .
 i bought this toy for my son at amazon , it was delivered very soon than what was estimated , but when i recieved it i get disappointed for the small size , unflexible joints , its hard easily broken plastic made , unpractical -LRB- need of a table to fix nails to make it fly -RRB- . when you compare it as regards price , size , and quality to that at disney stores , it is better to get a higher quality character with a cheaper price from disney store .
 This guy really does n't do much . Ours is attached to a basement beam and well , he does fly around in a circle but other than that , well , you get the idea . If you are looking for a room decoration , however , this guy is fabulous ! It looks super cool hanging from your Batman fan 's bedroom ceiling along with Superman and the other JL figures . I do recommend him for display purposes but not for play . When asked why this Batman is n't played with I got `` He 's just boring - all he does is fly in a circle . ''
 My husband got it for our son disregarding the age recommendation . It 's bulky , hard to use , and has SHARP spikes for the `` ears '' on the mask and the things on the gloves . We had to take it away for fear of the 3y . o. injuring the 1 y.o. with it . All it does is `` fly '' because the big bulky wing/cape setup does n't completely come off to let you just play with the doll . It partially comes off and hangs there . The whole doll is strangly triangular shaped ???? Anyway , a waste of money .
 We bought this recharger believing that it would be the answer to the toy 's insatiable appetite for batteries . It very well may be . If only we could get it to work , we could find out . The rechargable battery goes into the compartment , and then supposably the back cover fits over it . Except that it does n't -LRB- according to instructions , the fit will be very `` tight '' -RRB- . After trying it repeatedly we are left with only one option ... keeping the back off and duct-taping the battery into place . We have yet to deal with the poor connection problem we 're hearing about . All in all a disappointment .
 I bought this item before they updated the description . IT DOES NOT work with the silver and green Leapster out on the market . I informed Amazon of this , I was very angry , to learn this on Christmas morning , the responded by sending me another exact charger . Well that did n't help . When I questioned them again they basically told me tough luck but that I could return the item for a refund . I BETTER NOT be paying return shipping on either of the rechargers , and I want free shipping when I buy the correct charger . I called LeapFrog today . The L-Max charger works with the new Leapster . Wishing I had never ordered from Amazon , since they are n't willing to make the situation right and their customer service is impossible ! Good luck !
 Two of my sons have Leapsters , and we 're planning to purchase another one for my third son this year . As you can imagine , we go through a lot of batteries . This recharging system only works for ONE leapster . It includes a pack of enclosed batteries and a new back to replace the original back of the Leapster being charged . I contacted the company to see if I could order another back and battery pack , but they do not -LRB- and will not -RRB- sell them separetly.I 'm taking the Recharging system back to the store tomorrow , and I plan to purchase a regular battery charger and rechargeable batteries . If you need a charger for two or more Leapsters I suggest you do the same . You 'll save yourself some money and you can use the charger for more than just one item .
 This item we * thought * would be an awesome alternative to batteries but it was n't ! After a few weeks of using it , it actually burnt up my daughters Leapster , We were able to exchange the Leapster threw the company but still out the $ 25.00 we paid for the charger when we got it . I am not sure if I am going to purchase another one either . Company says there has been a handful of complaints about them ... we will see if they actually upgrade them before I do actually buy a replacement .
 We bought our daughter the Leapster for Christmas and the recharging station was nowhere to be found . We just went back to find that there are different stations depending on the different type of Leapster . After purchasing the one that Clearly corresponds to the Leapster we purchased , we got it home to find that our Leapster is the wrong shape - looks like our daughter will have to continue to be plugged into the wall when she 's playing ! -LRB- I know we can buy batteries ... and probably will , but what a hassle !!! - not to mention an additional expense ! -RRB-
 Like everyone else , we were tired of buying batteries for the Leapster so tried the charging system . We correctly installed the battery pack and back plate but the light wo n't stay on when charging - the Leapster wo n't maintain contact long enough to get fully charged . What a waste of money this recharger was ! My son put the batteries back in so Leapster will stop unexpectedly turning off during play . My daughter is getting the pink Leapster for Christmas and I am discouraged to read that the recharger probably wo n't fit on that one at all .
 The instructions say that the battery pack will be a `` tight fit '' but no matter what I tried , I could NOT get the plate screwed back into the back . I ended up stripping out the screw . Leapfrog told me they 'd never heard of this problem before . Funny , since there are several other reviews listed here commenting on similar issues . They wanted me to pay to ship the Leapster back to them for a replacement . No , thanks . I wound up exchanging the Leapster at Wal-Mart and buying a game with the money I 'd originally spent on this .
 I love the idea of being able to charge the 2 IPoD 's that I have in the wall and not the computer . HOwever , the USB plugs do not fit in the wall unit . I am disapointed that I have to return them .
 This never worked right and the Leapster ended up dead shortly after using it . Not sure if it was a problem with the Leapster of the charger , but pretty disappointed either way .
 I am so frustrated with the LEAPSTER 2 LEAPFROG ! My children each received a LEAPSTER 2 for Christmas 2009 ! Ever since we have received these products we have had nothing but trouble with them . I was very septical at first
 The batteries won&egrave;t last . Such a waste I bought it just for the leapster . The one for L-max is still working though !
 Please pay close attention to which Leapster you have before purchasing this product . This recharger does not work with the pink Leapster -LRB- or any of the smaller versions -RRB- . I purchased this for my daughter 's birthday to go with the pink Leapster I purchased . It was linked on the Pink Leapster page to add this recharger to the order . I did and when I got it , I found that it is n't compatible . I called Leap Frog and they said that the L-Max recharger is needed for the Pink Leapster . make sure you get the right charger for your system !
 I bought the recharging kit last Christmas because I thought it would save me money in the long run . It did n't take long to install . . a couple minutes at the most . And yes , I used the silver backplate instead of the original one . At first it worked fine , but then I began noticing that whenever me or my son would put it on the charging dock , the light would go off after a few seconds . To keep the light on , we have to keep jiggling the leapster around which is really annoying . Because of this problem , my son rarely plays with it anymore and I ca n't blame him . . Who wants to deal with a toy that lasts a few minutes before dying because it ca n't charge properly ? The company really has to fix this problem because it 's really dicouraging to buy a recharging system that does n't work .
 They have updated the description now , but just in case you miss it , this does not go with the pink Leapster sold on Amazon and was a huge disappointment . I ca n't find a charger or case that works with the pink Leapster . Really disappointing .
 I put an entire package of the powder in my girlfriends hot chocolate while we were on the way to her family 's reunion . Nothing happened whatsoever . Very disappointed .
 Does n't work , even a little bit . My nephew scarffed it down and not so much as a gas bubble ... no fun , bogus advertisement , do n't bother !
 This toy does not even come assembled , which is beyond ludicrous . I simply tossed mine into the trash , furious and disappointed .
 My long-awaited , spoiled baby daughter has so many toys a lot of our friends comment that we should open a daycare center -LRB- no thanks ! -RRB- . This is one of the toy purchases I truly regret . I am putting it in the attic because it NEVER gets used . I keep showing it to my baby , who 's now 21 months old , but we both think the same thing - BORING . BTW , we 've had it for about a year now , and she 's never been interested in it , so I do n't think she ever will be . Save your money and buy the Playskool Busy Ball Popper instead - loads of fun for about the same amount of money . As an added bonus , even the older kids from the neighborhood love to play with the Ball Popper -LRB- even up to age 14 -RRB- , especially when it has fresh batteries and the balls pop all over the place ! Take my advice - if you 're trying to decide between these 2 , get the ball popper and leave this one behind .
 Love the toy but the balls get lost so fast and I ca n't find anywhere to buy extra balls ! BUMMER !
 I understand the toy is discontinued , I also understand in the worth going up because it 's not available but NOT 600 % profit for a kid 's toy that is priced at $ 70 when it came out ! I could understand even maybe $ 180 at most , but $ 300 ?!?! Are you crazy . This set is fun but not at $ 300 . do yourselves a favor and look for it at the website -LSB- ... -RSB- . Or wait for someone who doesnt need their head examined to put this up for sale .
 I wanted this for some stock photography . The parts are tiny and hard to discern which goes where and several parts broke during assembly . I gave up and moved on .
 I currently owned a decent VF-1 valkyrie collection consisting of 1/55 Bandai , 1/60 Yamato Version2 , 1/100 Bandai/Hi-metal , 1/100 Tamashii , 1/100 Toynami , and 1/55 Toynami . I 'm not a toynami fan , and the only reason why I even own a toynami 1/100 VF-1J Malia Jenius is because I own a Bandai/Tamashii 1/100 VF-1J Maxillian Jenius -LRB- Tamashii never made a 1/100 VF-1J Malia -RRB- and it 's only natural to have them as a pair.Toynami 's 1/55 Robotech Masterpiece is by far , the worse transformable Macross -LRB- Robotech -RRB- VF-1 Valkyrie ever designed -LRB- With Toynami 's 1/100 vf-1 a very close 2nd -RRB- . My 4 year old son , who enjoys watching Macross D.Y.R.L. , Macross 2012 Flashback , as well as my Valkyrie collection , really wanted a valkyrie of his own . Lucky -LRB- am I ? -RRB- for me , I scored a brand new Toynami masterpiece VF-1a Ben Dixon for $ 30 shipped on e * bay . As expected , Toynami has lived-up to it 's history for poor quality control....-The paint quality is extremely poor . There were over-sprayed paint globs to both inner ankles . -LRB- Common robotech masterpiece problem -RRB- . - Both hands remains stuck when retracted in , and extremely difficult to protract back out . You literally have to fish-out the fingers and tug on it patiently , while sliding the lever at the same time -LRB- Common robotech masterpiece problem -RRB- . - Jet-fighter mode is ridiculous . Horrendous multiple gaps.-Battroid -LRB- robot -RRB- mode is just as ridiculous looking . Extremely limited in leg poses.-Gerwalk is probably the only decent mode this figure has.Bottom-line , this figure is garbage . I would not recommend this figure to anybody . Yamato 1/60 version2 is a `` True masterpiece . '' The best collectible Valkyrie to date . Luckily , there is still a few V2 VF-1A for sale at around $ 60 if you know where to shop online ;-RRB- .
 These chairs have no center of gravity . If your child sits on the edge , the chair flips out from under neither them . The chair flew out from under neith my 21 month old and he hit his head on it as he fell .
 The table is not flat so you can not put anything on it without having it roll right off . It is not good for any sort of arts & crafts whatsoever and the chairs are useless ! I ended up having to buy another table , there is a reason it is so cheap !
 I bought this table set for my son because it was inexpensive and I did not want to spend a lot of money for something that was sure to get paint and glue all over it . From day one it was a big dissapointment . The chairs are very easily tipped over , he can not even sit on the chair if I am not holding it or the chair would fall over . The tabe is not made well as it is easy for things to slide off the surface . It seems to be slightly raised in the middle . I am now online shopping for a new one . So instead of paying 100 dollars the first time around , I am now spending the 30 dollars already spend and an additional 100 for the new table
 My daughter ca n't get on these chairs by herself because they slide out from under her . I thought it was because the chairs were on hardwood floors . So , I moved them to the carpet and instead of sliding out from under her , they just fall over the second she touches them . She got them for her birthday in January and they are going in the yard sale next weekend . Do n't waste your money !
 Out of the box we noticed the table top was warped . When you push on one side of it the other pops up . Definately not suitable for crafts or play . Returned it that night !
 These cars keep flying out of the tracks as they go around the flexi bend . It looks so cool when it works , but when I do it , I can get the car to go around successfully maybe one in ten times . My three year old ? Forget it ! I tried revving the cars as little as possible , thinking they had too much juice , but no such luck . We 're returning it 2 hours after assembling .
 Set up took about 20 minutes , cars make it once around the track but fly off of the track if wound up enough to try to make 2 laps . I suspect it will be played with for a week or so then discarded . A shame .
 we got this for christmas last year -LRB- 2008 -RRB- . we loved this set at first . once put together you have to make sure the pieces are just right and aligned or the car wo n't make the loops . it is pretty flexable and can easily get slid over slightly or bumped and then things are n't straight anymore . after being put away for a while , we took it out today only to find that most of the loop halves are cracked where they connect and therefore do n't stay on correctly . one of the curved support tracks is cracked too . i looked into getting replacement pieces but only the loop halves are available for about $ -LSB- ... -RSB- / pair . i need 3 pair or $ -LSB- ... -RSB- plus shipping . the support track is retired . without the support track the whole thing is useless . we will just have to play with it without the loops . = -LRB-
 Why is this $ 600 i have one and its not even that cool . Why ??? This is stupid why would anyone spend that much on a plush especialy this one ?
 i love it and i make sure to ck on cosplay to match it then i can make sew clothes for anime expo at las vegas for every years -LRB- annual -RRB- . . always i feel great expience in my heart to see many people wear cosplay of anime fan . . something like that . . and also . . i did noticed some people wear cosplay from inuyasha and sesshomaru . . i feel love it !! . . but it is fun and sometime hard to time to do sew clothes to match of cosplay what you like ? . . umm i make play with sesshomaru 8 flush . . i feel keep me feel better to play with it . . smile . . thanks . .
 ... and not buy this product . This look cute at first , but like one reviewer said , the holes in the cups are too large and the water comes out too fast . It leaves you having to refill in less than 3 seconds after you fill it up . One cup has water coming out of it 's mouth if tipped forward , but what was the point of putting a large hole on the bottom . Most of the water flows out for the bottom before I pour it out of the mouth . The point is having the kids pour the water out manually , and not by gravity . Also , it would be more fun if the water trickled out slower . Only one cup did that . My twin daughters who just turned two were not interested after day one . For $ 18 , this toy is too pricey . I would not buy for $ 1 knowing this ahead of time . My wife went to target the other day and bought a toy watering pot for $ 2 . it was so much more fun than these cups . The maker poorly executed a good concept .
 The toy box is nice , but im not happy with the product . The directions were difficult to understand and I did n't like the top being made of cloth material . My little boy already made a tear on it . I had to remove it , I was afraid my little boy would tear it .
 My wife purchased this toy box at our local Toys R Us . It went together fine , but ours must have been factory defective because the entire thing smelled like WET PAINT . In fact , we had to return the unit because the fumes were making our daughters cry whenever they went into their room.Little Tykes makes this unit , but they were of no help when I called customer satisfaction . They told me just to return it and that they 've never heard of this problem . .
 DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY . I ORDERED SOMETHING FROM THEM AND WAS TOLD IT WOULD BE HERE IN A WEEK . 3 WEEKS LATER AND 2 E-MAILS , I HAVE HEARD AND SEEN NOTHING , STAY AWAY !
 This is a very flimsy product . The first time I tried to fly it it tipped over about 3 inches off the ground . It took $ 40 in parts to fix it . The seond time I was just trying to slowly increase speed and it tipped over again and broke the same part I replaced costing another $ 22 . The company Megatech is of little help and the overseas owner really does not care . There are much better R/C Helicopters . I will never purchae another Megatch product .
 Product arrived broken and inoperable , I just returned from Iraq and have n't had time to contact the seller . The product was packed for shipping in a very unstable manner .
 Buy a roundhouse instead . It is impossible to switch tracks if you have more than a few cars attached to Engine .
 This is NOT a good choice for a dollhouse . My daughter received this for Christmas last year -LRB- 2.5 yo -RRB- and it was great for oh , 3 months or so . We purchased the kitchen , living room , nursery , and bedroom set and there is NO way that even HALF of the furniture can fit inside the house with the critters . Now she wants more families -LRB- we have 3 so far -RRB- and there is just no way to do this without pure chaos . I told my husband that she is breaking so many fire codes right now ;-RRB- The critters themselves are ADORABLE -LRB- I ca n't recommend them enough ! My daughter plays with her critters at least one hour per day ! -RRB- but I would look elsewhere for a house .
 If you have ever bought a Calico Critters set that comes with accessories , you will know that they are all made of plastic . I have the Cloverleaf Corners Nursery School , which is all plastic but is still durable and does not have tiny , breakable plastic parts . I can not say the same for this plastic dollhouse for Calico Critters . I bought it because the Nursery School was durable although plastic . I really did not want to buy a plastic toy , but at the time , I could not find a wood dollhouse small enough to fit the 3 '' maximum height of the Critters . I returned this item . Then , I found that Real Good Toys has a line of heirloom-quality , pre-built , painted and ready to play 1/2 scale wood dollhouses which have a ceiling height perfect for 3 '' characters . They are beautiful and reasonably priced and much better quality than the Calico Critters ' own townhouse , which is plastic . Real Good Toys just expanded -LRB- as of May 2008 -RRB- their line of pre-built dollhouses and there is now an adorable 1/2 scale pink dollhouse that is just darling . They fit Calico Critters perfectly and are of heirloom quality ... search for Real Good Toys 1/2 scale Farmhouse in pink or 1/2 scale Colonial see the company 's website at -LRB- insert the company 's name -RRB- . com I wish Amazon would carry Real Good Toys ' finished dollhouses ... This plastic product , however , will not stand up to years of play .
 I would not recommend this at all . The rooms are so small that you can not possibly put the furniture in and play with it in any way . My very petite daughter can hardly fit her hand in the rooms to play with anything . And the stairs fall off every time you try to have one of the critters stand on them . This is not a keeper .
 I bought this for my daughter who does somewhat like it . But it is so tiny , I ca n't even play with her because the rooms and openings for the rooms are so tiny . The whole house is very dark and plain . It looks nothing like the picture and is not nearly as nice as some of the other dollhouses my daughter has . NOT worth the hundred bucks I paid for it either .
 I got this toy for my daughter 's x ` mas this year , and we 're both extremely disappointed , because it 's basically an $ 80 shell ! The pictures on the box look lovely , but there is nothing else but the house , no wall paper , no cute window cover , no green grass , not a single fake flower for the lawn . And I 'm willing to pay more if they comes as it shows on the picture . But it 's so sad my daughter got this big play house that looks so different from the pic . I do n't mind to buy all the critters and furniture stuff to have the kids play , but now the pictures on the box build up such a lovely home , I do n't even know how to build the lawn looks like it . And I already spent an hr to put some wall paper for the house . It 's over price for the empty shell .
 I bought this for my two 3 year old grandchildren . The rooms are too small and they get frustrated trying to play with the animals and the furniture inside the rooms . They do better taking everything out and playing on the floor with it . My grandson gets frustrated and throws everything out of the rooms .
 I ordered this house for my 7 year old and was extremely disappointed . For the money I thought it would be bigger and have afew more bells and whistles . It is nothing like the pictures on the outside of the box . No wallpaper on the walls and no carpet on the floors . By the time you get the house to look like the pictures you could easily spend an additional $ 300 or more . I returned it .
 We ordered this dollhouse for our daughters birthday unfortunately we did n't put it together until the day off her birthday at which point we realized that the expandable floor piece was missing . As we needed to give our daughter something for her birthday we could n't send it back for replacement and they do n't supply parts . Disappointing but otherwise a nice product .
 My daughter got the Calico Critters Townhouse from her grandparents for Christmas . My daughter would probably give it 5 stars but in a parents opinion it is no where near worth the $ 89 it cost . First the rooms in are very small there is no way she could fit all the furniture in it -LRB- she got the living room , kitchen and bedroom set as gifts -RRB- and be able to move her critters around . Second , the photo on the box is very deceiving . I knew it came with no furniture but I was expecting the wallpaper and curtains shown on the picture of the box , nope just cheap , plastic , empty walls . For almost $ 90 you are much better off buying a no name dollhouse for your critter family . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this townhouse for my daughter last Christmas with high expectations . Man , was i disappointed !!!! Okay , it IS incredibly cute . The pictures on the box make it look perfect , and if that 's all you were gon na do with it -- look at it -- this house would be great . But if you actually want to PLAY with it , which , i 'm assuming , is essentially the purpose , then you 're just outta luck with this house . There is just NO WAY to fit anything in this house ... it 's just too small ! It 's too small in 2 ways
 we love calico critters , however this house is not worth the money . the house itself is made well . however , the photos lead you to believe that it is this cozy house with wall paper , framed pictures on the walls , and other cute homey details . This is not what you are getting ! what you will get is a plastic house , that I will say is made well , with nice detailing on the outside , but absolutely nothing in the inside . It is just blank canvas walls . not one critter included , not one accessory or piece of furniture for $ 80 . So basically you are buying a little plastic empty house . it is very dissappointing when you see the above photos and the critters and the house look so cozy . so , buyer beware . The staircase does not attach well , and does n't allow the house to close . So if you want to close and store the house , you have to keep the staircase seperately . My eight year old says `` when you open the house it looks dull and unwelcoming '' . The house is made well , but for the amount of money , and the pictures on the box it is very disappointing .
 If you are looking for a bottomless pit to throw money into , then this is the house for you ! Do not be fooled by the box ! The Luxury Townhome contains ONLY the house
 Was told in description that it came with furniture . None came with it . Sadly disappointed . My sister bought the same thing and hers came with the furniture . Sick of the crap . Second thing I bought on Amazon that was missing major part of toy .
 This is very dumb and has bad details . And the worst thing about this toy is that if you play it in the water , the paint comes off !!!!!!!! I would not recommend this toy as a good one . Stupid toy .
 We found this logging truck by typing in BRIO . So we thought it a BRIO put together truck such as our grandson enjoys . When it came just before Christmas we discovered too late that there was nothing BRIO about it . We were disappointed . BRIO makesgood stuff , this did not meet their standards ...
 My son has and loves the recycling truck that goes with this so we assumed this would be terrific however , the plastic logs slide out of the clamp and wo n't stay on the truck . He was so frustrated that I tried and could n't get it to work either . He told me to send it back . We paid some ridiculous shipping charge so I did n't want to send it back if he could use it so my husband cut real wood logs for him to use and put tacking tape on the truck bed . He uses it often now and likes it a lot more .
 This penguin finger puppet looks great ; however , as a person with small-medium size hands -LRB- wear a S/M glove size -RRB- , the puppet is too long to manipulate with one finger . I bought two of them to use as a teaching tool in my elementary-age classroom and they are just too long to serve the purpose . Unless , you have long fingers or do n't plan to use them as finger puppets , I do n't recommend the purchase .
 I bought this for my goddaughter and it never worked properly . The sound was so low you could n't hear it and then stopped working altogether . I sent back once but same thing happened with replacement . Unfortunately as it was a gift they did n't tell me so the second never got replaced . A complete was of money and one I really regret
 I ordered this product under the Impression that it was and/The Original Teddy Ruxpin ... I am 32 years old -LRB- still a kid at heart -RRB- Teddy Ruxpin was such a Very Special part of My childhood and so I was almost moved to Tears when I received this `` Teddy Ruxpin '' . He is smaller , a good bit smaller than the Original Teddy Ruxpin , smaller features-nose , mouth , eyes , body ... however , the songs and books are the same . Sound quality is good . I have only taken it out of the box once , so now I am in the process of seeing what I want to do with this product at the is point ... if you do n't care whether it is The Original the I am sure you would enjoy this product ... I believe it is good quality - just not what I wanted .
 We got the Teddy Ruxpin today , and my kids loved it , except for one thing ... You have to buy an additional cassette if you want to hear how the story ends ! I was pretty shocked . The Teddy comes with one cassette , and at the end of the cassette it tells you that the story continues on cassette 2 . When I heard this , I went online to see what they would cost me . They run between $ 10 - $ 19.99 . Also , I agree with another review I read , the volume is WAY too low , even on the highest setting . I thought the Teddy would come with several stories , not just one , and certainly not HALF of one !
 I owned Teddy Ruxpin as a child and remember him fondly . When I saw they were bringing him back , I was excited to see what improvements had been made . I was disappointed to find he is pretty much the same old bear he was 20 years ago . Even the stories are the same . These days we are much more aware of what we expose our children to and while I do n't think Teddy Ruxpin 's stories are harmful in any way , they are a bit too scary for younger children.I purchased TJ Bearytales for my son for half the price of Teddy Ruxpin and we could n't be happier . TJ has been out less than 2 years and his library of titles is far greater than Teddy Ruxpin has achieved in 20 years ! TJ 's tales are not only entertaining but have an important message with each one , which I find Teddy Ruxpin greatly lacks . Plus TJ has a backpack for storing cartridges so you do n't have to go hunting for them all over your house . My toddler finds it very easy to put the cartridges in the backpack when he 's done with them . The buttons for controlling TJ are also MUCH easier for a toddler to control . Last but not least , I think TJ is just plain cuter . His facial expressions are much more advanced and lifelike and he also moves his arms and has the ability to `` use '' his accessories at key points in the stories . My son 's eyes light up when he does this as if it were magic!The one thing Teddy Ruxpin might have a slight edge on is he is a bit more cuddly due to the immobile stuffed arms . Though TJ is still very soft and cuddly as well so when all is said and done , we 'd still choose TJ hands down .
 I was very excited to see Teddy coming back , he was so cool in the 80s . Unfortunately , he just does n't measure up to today 's toys . I wanted to expose my daughter to reading , but Teddy comes with two books , one in color with pictures and no words , one in black and white with the words . Kate has no interest in the black and white version - how is this going to help her learn to read ? Also , volume is very low and he 's a lot smaller than he used to be - NOT a good value !!!
 Well , as cute as this doll is ... is it really pratical to have a baby with hair ? So what if it 's a toy , ca n't the company make it a little more realistic ? I 'm also going to address the skimpy little clothes they put on the dolls . Why ca n't they just wear diapers or long frilly dresses like normal babies?Overall I think this whole Bratz baby thing is quite strange . I 'm a big fan of the regular bratz , but I give the bratz babies 2 thumbs down . When I got this as a birthday present I rushed right back to the store and returned it .
 This `` chair '' has a lip on the back of it making it where it does n't even sit up right . When the kids sit in it , they slide out . It is very hard to get the cover on it correctly and it does n't hold air . I would NOT buy this item if I had it to do over again .
 This was one of the lower priced items for the Rose Petal Cottage . It 's durable enough and fits well in the Cottage . My little girl is 5 and it fits her perfect .
 My daughter got this chair from Santa on Christmas morning and shortly after sitting in it the chair tipped sideways and dumped her out . She was unharmed however we realized then that the chair had to go . The chair has a big buldge in the back I guess to keep it from falling backward but it forces the child sitting in it to sit forward and that is not comfortable . The soft cover is nice but the blow up design and durability for the price does not add up . I am going to find a nice bean bag chair to replace it with .
 While the chair looked very cute and seemed to be something that a toddler would like to sit in , it was not . The chair is flimsy . My two year old kept falling out of it . Very unstable chair . The seller sent it in record time . I was very pleased with them . Through no fault of theirs , the chair just did not work out for us .
 To be honest , at the time I was so upset , but we had a death in the family , so I put it on the side . I never received it , and to be honest , never followed up to get my money back . VERY UPSETTING .
 If your little girl has an older brother/cousin , this wo n't last . A few times of him sitting on it hard -LRB- and her mimicking him -RRB- popped it so it would n't inflate again . It was cute while it lasted , though .
 This chair did not last long as it kept deflating . Also , it was angled forward so the child will slide right out . It takes constant effort to stay in this chair . I loved the rest of the rose petal cottage accessories , but this was a definite dud !
