 I purchased quite a few of these play foods for kids and they are all terrific . The colors are bright and they are very durable . The velcro to hold the pieces together is such a good idea . They are very easy and fun to use . I have also purchased the pita pockets , ice cream , pizza , fruits , veggies , sandwiches , etc. I bought them for my niece who is 4 and we all have a fun time with them .
 great play-acting for my 3 year old ! love it , so realistic and fun to pretend cutting the food items into `` slices '' .
 Our granddaughter really loves these items for her kitchen . They are durable , colorful and large enough we do n't worry about anyone swallowing them . She has many hours playing make believe cooking for us all .
 My 3 year old boy likes playing with this set . My husband does the household cooking and my son loves to mimic what daddy does , so he gets a kick out of offering & serving this toy hamburger . He likes it when we all order different toppings that the set comes with . This set is pretty strong and should not break too easily . The little velcro tabs that keep the stuff in place work well , too . This is a nice , fun set that seems pretty durable .
 VERY DURABLE AND GREAT IDEA TO HAVE VELCRO STICK PIECES TOGETHER . IT FIT IN NICELY TO OUR PLAY KITCHEN . NEW ITEM ON THE MENU . SHE LOVED IT AND WE WERE SERVED SEVERAL BURGERS .
 It 's a bit small but overall I think this is great . The velcro holds nicely and he likes cutting the burger up over and over again and making different burger combos . It 's educational enough for a toddler because you can point out the bun , lettuce , tomato , meat , and cheese , and all the different colors . This is great for a toddler and it 's cheap !
 This burger is great for pretend play and kitchen sets . My son plays and pretends to cook it . The ingredients come separately and can be velcro to the other parts .
 Santa brought this Burger set for my girls for Christmas and it was a hit !! In fact Santa brought a ton of play food sets and we play with them daily . My only complaint is I wish their were more pieces . Still I am glad Santa brought it .
 My daughter got a toy kitchen . Now she can make a burger . Very durable pieces . Love it and will last .
 IF you are looking for a cheap way to stay cool in the summer this is the way to go . Seats and cup holders -- what more could you ask for ?
 We live in a condo with a small fenced in back yard . This pool takes up a good deal of it , but its just so much fun . My 2 year old could stay in all day , and its large enough for my husband and me to comfortably join him . When not in use , we cover with a large piece of plastic as it obviously takes a good deal of water to fill . Easy to fill and drain , but with the excess water usage I advice covering and only emptying when necessary .
 This product is exactly as advertised - perfect for lounging , just the right size and depth . I live in the Northeast and ca n't justify the cost of an inground pool for our shoddy summers , but I do love sitting out in the sun on our rare hot days . I am a 5 ' 5 '' woman , and I normally use it alone which I prefer . I have n't yet had four grown adults in it , and it 's hard to imagine it unless they were really good friends , or we all had a few beers . My husband sometimes joins me , and we tend to sit * not * diagonal from each other so our feet do n't touch . It does comfortably fit two , but when I get really hot I like to slide under water which would be hard to do with someone else there . I fill it a little below the fill line so I can prop my book on top of my legs , and it works out great . The water is deep enough to cool me off , but still allow me to use a book or laptop in the pool . My tan is spectacular from laying out , which is an added bonus.I know this is a common complaint , but I do wish it had four cup holders as well . The placement of them sometimes dictates where my husband and I to sit , and it 's not always the sunniest seat . : -RRB- For cleanliness , I add a couple tablespoons of bleach and use a Splash Pools solar cover to keep it clean and bacteria free , and it works for me . I still dump it out and refill it every couple weeks , which has increased our water bill but it 's worth it.I do have it on my deck , which concerned me at first because of the weight , but it 's been fine and it 's nice to not have to walk across the grass and get muddy going to and from it . We have not had any problems with any holes or leaks and we 're careful about it , but I can see debris under the pool that has yet to poke through so that 's good . My 12 lb dog also likes to jump on it , and her paws have not done any damage to the walls which is good . I am hoping I can clean it and pack it up well enough at the end of the season that I can use it again next summer , but for the price I 'm not concerned if I need to replace it each season.This is a great product , and I 'm glad they finally catered to us adults that are too embarrassed to have a kiddy pool in our yard but want to soak in the sun too !
 This pool fits perfect on my deck at the Beach House.It is for our Adult crowd we love sitting in it on hot nights , perfect fit for everyone.Sometimes we let the kids in .
 The built in seats make it feel like a kiddie pool for grown-ups ! Good for sunbathing or just a great place to cool off with a cold beverage!The size is perfect!Seats 4 adults comfortably.Oh yeah , the kids loved it too !
 Love this pool , It 's a great size . I have three of my friends over every weekend and and we all fit great ! I only wish it had more cup holders there are 4 seats but only 2 cup holders .
 When I bought this , summer was over , yet it was still warm out , and the first school break was here . This teacher was beat after starting a new school year . To relax , I wanted to enjoy a few more days lounging in the sun , in a pool , with a book and a beverage . But I did n't have time before school days resumed to go to the beach and did n't want to pack a pool bag and drive off to the pool . I just wanted a couple hours a day in the sun . I had this pool over-nighted , inflated it -LRB- on my deck for leveling purposes -RRB- , filled it with water and wah-lah ! It was perfect for my needs . I do n't really `` swim '' at the pool , I float . And I do n't like even slightly cool water , but I did n't want a baby pool to just sit in . In this pool , I can stretch out in it or lounge in the corners with my tush cushioned , and on the day or two the water was too cool , I put my LARGE lounger float in it so that all that was in the cool water was my feet ! Yes , the large float fit -LRB- well ... it did n't move around a bunch , but it was floating and had six inches or more to move front to back and side to side which was enough for me -- close my eyes and I might as well be in a community pool without the noise -RRB- . My husband thought it was a great idea and sat in it with me once just to relax and unwind after work ! Even if it does n't survive storage and wo n't inflate next summer ... it was worth the 4-5 days I used it -LRB- I got it on sale -RRB- and I would buy it again ! But I am hoping it survives ... this teacher will put it to great use until it wears out ! -LRB- Yes ... I rated it educational ... I relaxed and was a better teacher for it -RRB- !
 For a little pool , it 's mighty and is also pleasant to look at . The description tells you that there are four seats in the corner for the moms to use while watching their toddlers and it 's perfect . My grandbabies wanted to go into the pool the minute they saw it . It sold itself to their little toddler eyes . I feel that it 's very safe because it 's so shallow . I am not sorry I purchased this pool . Happy dippin ' ! Buy those battery operated fish to run around the pool , they 're a ton of fun .
 I did not use a manual pump as recommended on the box , and it inflated fine . My little three year old niece loves this pool . It is roomy . I even went in it with her . You can sit in the corners comfortably . The backrest is not exactly evenly aligned with the seats , but the overall comfort is fine . We have used this pool twice , so I can not comment on durablity , but it seems strong and I have had good experiences with Intex pool toys .
 My husband and I came very close to buying an Intex , 15 foot above-ground pool this year . We were gung ho about it all winter long then Spring hit and the backyard projects began . The thought of adding yet another project -LRB- leveling the yard where we were going to put the pool -RRB- made our excitement wilt a LOT . We are experts on jumping the gun on things and going TOO big too soon as far as our 3 year old son is concerned so we decided to really think about what our family 's needs are for a pool . Mostly , I was just looking for something big enough to cool off in during our brutal summers , and something for our son to splash in . Yes , it would be great for us `` big people '' to be able to kick back on a big floating raft in a larger pool , but we knew that the reality would be us taking turns holding our son up in a deeper pool where the water level would be over his head . Not much fun and not very relaxing . We knew he 'd like something a lot more that he could stand up in and get in and out of himself so we shopped around and found this pool . At the price , it was worth a try . This past week we had some nearly 90 degree days -LRB- we live in Texas -RRB- so in we went . My son was ecstatic and had a blast . Big enough for me and hubby to sit in -LRB- and we are both very tall -RRB- and my son to still splash around in and play with his boats . I love the inflatable seats and backrests and the cup holders are a nice touch too . I will say that if you 're tall to leave a couple of the seat cushions uninflated so you 're down further in the water , otherwise only a little of your rump and legs are in there . I invested in a small , portable water pump -LRB- about $ 25 -RRB- with hose attachment so I can water my plants as I drain the pool instead of just flooding the yard each time . Makes the drainage and cleanup so much more hassle free and I can kill two birds with one stone , so to speak . Have n't noticed any leaking issues , either . Overall I think this pool meets the needs of a family with little kiddos very well and I 'm happy with the purchase .
 Just got this product . It is PERFECT . It is hot outside right now ... really hot ... and really sticky . My husband and I wanted something to lounge in in the heat where we would n't look silly . Also - we considered one of those larger blue pools that requires a pump & chlorine but truth be told - we were n't committed to the maintenance.Yes - the top chamber leaks a little bit of air . It is a blow-up pool . I 'd imagine this is almost inevitable . Keep your manual pump next to it & give it a good pump up before you get in . It 'll keep it inflated enough for your fun time in it and then it may leak a bit in the time you 're out of it . The water should be refilled frequently anyway . Look on the bright side ... it 's a big pool and it 's REFRESHING!It took a little over an hour to fill with the hose & quite a bit of time to warm up.When I am in it -LRB- 5 ' 4 '' -RRB- and not on the cushion seat but just the floor , it is just below my chest . I can float , arms extended , in the middle of the pool.Regarding a cover ... two things.One - to scoop out any yucky stuff floating I 'm going to get an aquarium net/scooper . Two - I 'm going to use heavy-duty velcro on all sides of the pool in the middle & purchase two tarps to lay across the top . The corners of the tarps will adhere to the sides of the pool . Hope I explained that well . I am not intending on covering the seats with the tarps - I do n't know that it would be an effective cover if I did.This pool , right now , is a super saver free shipping item on Amazon . It is very reasonably priced as well . For the cost of about the same as ONE waterpark ticket , your whole family can use this pool . SO - even if it is only for a few uses before it deflates a bit ... I figure you 'll get your money 's worth !
 VERY NICE !!!!! I BOUGHT IT FOR MY 1 YEAR OLD GRANDSON AND WE HAD A BLAST IN IT THIS PAST SUMMER , EASY TO CLEAN , AND PRETTY COOL WITH THE LITTLE SEATS ! WE PUT HIS CHAIR AND UMBRELLA TABLE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE POOL SO HE COULD HANG ON WHILE WALKING AROUND ... VERY FUN !
 Full disclosure
 My granduaghter and daughter love it My daughter also has a new born and it allowed her to sit in it both her and the new baby and let everyone have a great time they love and the price was excellent
 I bought this pool for my 3 grand children , 2yr , 7yr and 9yrs they enjoyed this pool till the night fell and I had to get them out.Pool is durable and roomy , my Son also got in with the kids . Looking for a smaller scale pool for splash and fun choose this one .
 This is a great pool for the price . The pool has four attached inflatable seats to sit on , and two drink holders . The Intex round pool cover fits great over the pool , and I would recommend purchasing the cover for the pool .
 I really love this pool ... My 3 yr old loves to be outside , but in the summer , it is definitely too hot to be enjoyable on many days without a pool ... We thought about the intex pools with the filter , but we were unsure if we wanted the maintenance just for a little pool , and I would have to hold up my toddler alot since the water would go high on her . . This pool is perfect ! I ca n't say how amazing the seats are ... It is so comfortable for me to sit , relax , read and tan ... Even allows you to lay your head back on the cushion ... The cup holders are cool ! ... I will say it is a pain to drain . . Seemed to take awhile longer then I thought it would ... I think it would have been better if they put in a higher drain , along with the lower drain ... There are no other pools out there as cool as this one , so I hope they continue making them ... It is a large pool . . Larger then I thought , but perfect for my tall hubby , me , and our toddler ... Also , didnt take long to fill the pool . . Maybe 5-10 minutes ... Hope it lasts the enitre summer . . Also , so far no problems with deflation at all .
 We got this pool last summer , and my boys spent the entire summer in it ! Us adults love it too ! We quickly became the popular house in the family so cousins and friends frequently enjoyed it as well . Great product and great price !
 So far it is great ! I have to put more air into it every couple of weeks due to the fluctuation with the temperature . It 's very comfortable .
 Think of it as a disposable pool , not an inflatable pool . We loved it while it stayed inflated but after a month or so , it would not hold air . We could n't find the leak so we just threw it away . Soo &#8230; . if you can think of it as a very temporary fun thing , you 'll be happy . We were for the price .
 awesome pool even just for adults on really hot days we had a blast ... I totally recommend !!! takes no time to set up and fill
 This pool is huge for a blow up pool to put on your back deck . Great for my two 3 year olds and myself to play in during these miserable hot Alabama days !! I ca n't say enough good things about it and feel lucky to have it ...
 Perfect to sit in and cool off . Love the cup holder . Great for couple with baby or small child . Fits 2 adults confortable . Only negative , wish it has a pool cover .
 This was a great buy . I have a five year old and a 13 month old and this pool is perfect . I can fill it partially and the baby can have his turn then I can fill it to its capacity or anywhere in between and the five year old has a ball . Plus the seats are perfect for parents to be right there to keep an eye on the kids while cooling off . We 've been using it all summer and only have good things to say .
 My hubby says ` it is fantastic and worth every penny ! '' He is a bigger man and still finds it very comfortable to the point that he is it more than our son . Lots of fun and relaxing . Have even considered buying a back up one ... just in case .
 the pool is exactly as advertised . it was a great value , with no shipping -LRB- found elsewhere for more $ + $ 16 shipping -RRB- . added bonus which is n't very evident from the photo - there are 2 cup holders ! the inflatable back rests are really comfy and adults can stay in the pool for extended periods with the little kids and be comfortable -LRB- not like in a small kiddy pool -RRB- . It 's nice to be able to inflate/deflate for a weekend . I 'd DEFINITELY recommend this .
 This pool is built pretty well and is bigger than one thinks . It takes a while to fill and there are no covers that fit . Also , I did have a leak after about a month of use and have been unable to find it as of yet .
 We had this pool until 2 days ago , when one of our dogs was accidentally left in the yard and chewed it up . It 's a wonderful pool , definitely big enough for the family . The seats are great , for adults to sit on , and for toddlers to jump off . It 's nice and deep too -LRB- for a kiddie pool -RRB- . After using it for a few months , it did have 2 small leaks in it , 1 in a seat and 1 in the bottom . We planned on fixing it , but our dog had other plans ! We would love to get this pool again , but the price is a little steep for us -LRB- the first one was a gift -RRB- . I would recommend this pool to anyone !
 I bought this little pool to be able to lay out in the back yard and fight the Texas heat . It is perfect for just that . It will fit 2 normal sized floats very comfortably . It 's just deep enough to float around and stay cool and the drink holders on the sides are awesome ! Sometimes I add a little air in it on Sat morning before I fill it up with water . Just depends on if the heat has taken too much out of it . It takes about 10 minutes to fill up , just enough time to change into my bathing suit , and then I 'm ready to go . I use it on Sat and Sun and then on Sun evening I pull the drain plug , let it drain , and flip it over on the yard . This keeps it from collecting dust and debris during the week . When the weekend comes again , I do it all over again . That 's all the maintenance there is to it . I 'm all about keeping it simple . Too much trouble and I wo n't mess with it . My water bill is only $ 5 - $ 10 a month more when I fill it up every week . It 's the best pool for laying out I 've ever bought .
 I ca n't rave enough about this pool . It 's the perfect size and depth for my 4 year old and her 36 year old mom -LRB- me . -RRB- She has plenty of room to swim and play , and I have plenty of room and comfort to lounge . It 's perfect for tanning . The seats are very comfy and make nice pillows too . We love it !!!!
 We got this not as a `` toy '' but to cool off in this hot summer in Indiana . This was the absolute best price on Amazon . This lounge pool was easy to fill up with air . We decided to put it on our cement patio . I would suggest putting something under the pool to keep it from scratching the cement.We fill it with water and it 's able to stay good for a week . I add about 1/4 cup of Clorox and mix it in each day and add a little water.We are able to use a regular raft to float on in the middle of this lounge pool while someone is sitting in the lounge chair . This is the best ever pool for ADULTS ever ! This has been the best thing to cool off outside and to work on your tan ! If you have little kids , you can sit in the lounge chair and watch them play right by your feet.I would definately recommend this .
 Pool is great . Our 1 year old loves it and it is big enough for four adults to sit in the seats . So far seems durable . Love that it has a drain plug . Much nicer than anything we saw in stores .
 I 've tried little pools in the past and i am overwhelmingly pleased ! This pool is awesome for laying out and lounging . With the four back rests and cushioned seating it is soooo relaxing . Keeps you cool and comfortable while soaking in the rays !
 We really enjoyed this pool all last summer . I bought a tarp and would cover the pool during the day and night when not in use . Our daughter was 6 months old last year and we put her in her floatation device with a canopy overhead , bought a swimming fish and she would splash and have fun with us for a good 30 min . Afterwards we relaxed in it during her nap time . We all fit in it at the same time with room to spare . It held up to the desert sun very well . I drained the pool every few days . At the end of the summer I became a little careless about covering it during the day and the dogs jumped into it too many times and it tore . We could have patched it but we did not intend on storing it over the winter .
 The pool is pretty large for a back yard pool . Plenty of room for several children and a few adults , too . I have found that I have to add air each day in order to keep it adequately inflated .
 My family and I love this pool !! However , we have been looking for a pool cover to keep it clean . This has been quite the task ! Online , the only one I see listed is the Intex Swim Center Pool Cover 120 '' but the product features section states it 's for pools Measuring 120 '' x 72 '' -LRB- 305cm x 183cm -RRB- or 103 '' x 69 '' -LRB- 262cm x 175cm -RRB- , so this would n't do ... Can someone please let me know which pool cover can be used for the Intex Swim Center Family Lounge Pool -LRB- 90 '' x 90 '' -RRB- and where can I purchase it?Thank you so much ; - -RRB-
 This is a great pool ! We all love it and everyone asks us where we got it . It 's comfortable to sit in for adults and my toddler and her little friends have a great time in it , too !
 This pool is just great . It is so roomy . My daughter and I sat in the seats and tanned while her little one played in the middle . Got it last summer and used it regularly all summer . Could n't wait to fill it up this summer , but due to our own carelessness in storing it , when we inflated and filled it , we realized it had a leak somewhere . I have n't been able to find the leak , so we have n't got to use it this year .
 It might be great to swim in , but if it ever stops raining and gets hot I hope to try it .
 This is a nice little pool for parents with toddlers . My husband , my two year-old daughter and myself went in this pool . We 're not tiny people and this pool held everyone just fine . It was roomy and deep enough to seem like a pool and not a puddle . :-RRB- It was soft sided and safe for our daughter . We bought an electric pump at Target for it and thank goodness we did because there is no way you could blow this up otherwise . We had a nice time with this on our deck over the 4th of July holiday . We even added our tall 11 year-old niece to the gang on one day of the holiday weekend and we all fit just fine . You ca n't `` swim '' it in of course but you can certainly lay back , get cooled off and help make it more fun for your little one by having mommy and daddy in the pool too .
 i purchased this pool for it is the onlly one that is legal without a fence and alarm in my area . it definetly serves the purpose of cooling off and getting wet . my 3yr old grandaughter loves it . the only problem i see is all the dirt andclunk all seem to go behind the seats and you can not get behind to clean it . also the white bottom shows every dirt and whatever i lprefer blue bottoms . but for the price it does serve its purpose . i give it 3/1/2 stars . next year my 8x30 easy set up pool inclosed with a fence and pool alarm .
 I bought this pool knowing that I have four young boys who could n't wait to jump all over it and possibly destroy it , but it never happened ! This is the most durable blow up pool I have ever bought . Even after many hours in the hot sun , and kids bouncing all over it , the pool and seats stayed strong . I would recomend this pool to anyone !
 i love this pool . my sons , 2 and 5 , love it too . 2nd year we 've had it . yes it gets dirty , but my boys play for hours in it . a little baking soda helps keep the water nicer longer . no problems with leaks or inflating . been a great pool to have . best money ever spent for how long they play in it .
 This is a very good pool especially if you have a small backyard and would like to get cool in the summer wihtout having a huge expense of trying to add a large size ppol ! This pool is remarkable in that it can hold up to 4 medium-large size adults AND 2 small children at the same time ! This pool is fun and convenient to have ! It blows up very quickly , is stable and does n't need any extra equipment except the pump to blow it up ! I love this pool ! Very durable ... I 'm going to order several for friends !
 My children received this as a Christmas gift and they used them all up and wanted more . We could n't find it in any stores , so we ordered online . The price is reasonable , but the shipping was very high as compared to the cost . When you order multiple sets , however , the shipping does n't increase much and is more cost effective . All of our kids ' friends love this toy , too . -LRB- Ages 9 - 12 . -RRB-
 My son has had a set of these for over a year , and even at age 10 plays with them often . The versitility in the number of things you can make is endless . Robots , gun turrets , butterflies and bugs . I 'm looking for more sets .
 My son is a huge fan of legos , lincoln logs , and the like -- this has been a great addition to his toy collection .
 The product is excellent and fits nicely into my large space hulk game -LRB- my home made boards cover an area 6 ' x 5 ' .
 Just what you have come to expect from Games Workshop . A great box set with 8 tyranid genestealers and plenty of extra options to make them your own .
 This is a great little toy food cake ! My son and any friends he has over , thoroughly enjoy it ! I 'd definitely reccommend it !
 My son plays with it . So loves it and has no complaints about his cake . The pieces are every where .
 purchased as a Christmas gift for my 5 yr old granddaughter ... . do n't you know we &#34; all &#34; had to have cake after dinner : -RRB- I did n't realize it connected by Velcro ... that made it even neater to slice apart with out lil plastic knives ... -LRB- and the candles had lil fake flames which tuck down inside . . to make them look blown out -RRB-
 The product is great but the candles do not stay up . I played with it for awhile trying to figure it out . I knew I had to fix it before my toddler twins saw it . They would get too frustrated if the candle flame kept falling inside the candle . I ended up using a bit of hot glue to glue the flames to stay permanently up . The price was good for the toy but you do need to do something about the flames .
 My only problem with this product is it is difficult to get the candle flames to stay up and then when you do it is difficult to blow the flames enough to get them to drop .
 This is fun . I bought it over a year and it is still played with by my now 4 and 6 year olds . It is hard to keep the flames up on the candles . I have to help with it , but they do n't care ! They love it .
 After reading the negative reviews on this toy I decided to write my own review . My daughter received this toy as a gift probably nine or ten years ago . She is 11 now . The cake is small but not so small that it 's not fun to play with . The main problem with the cake is the candles . The flames are very sensitive and want to fall in and the candles do n't always fit in the holes easily . The velcro latches very well ! My 11 year old just loved play food when she was little so I saved some of the nicer things in a tote for her to give her child someday . Well , we had that unexpected baby and now my two year old loves , loves , loves this toy . The velcro still works great and cuts well . Other kids like to play with it . She loves to carry purses and takes this along sometimes . We still have the candles but she never plays with them . She 's just interested in cutting and serving cake . The candles will fit but will probably need some adult help . Who knows , maybe they 've fixed this problem but I am telling you that this is very cute and if the candles are n't a huge deal for you then you 'll really like this toy .
 My 1 yr old niece enjoyed playing with it . Very durable and functional.Good product for the price . Will definetly buy this brand of toy again .
 This is a nice product but it couldv ' e taken it another step and lit up the candles ! That would be awsome ! But , my grand-daughter loves it .
 The Only Hearts Club doll collection is great fun . There are about six unique flexible poseable dolls that have an incredible , interchangeable wardrobe , and a series of books with true-to-life stories with these dolls starring in the adventures . My child likes the wardrobe choices , and would wear almost everything available if it came in her size ! I like the realism of the dolls , as the body shape is a typical pre-teen shape , yet they can be dressed stylishly and appropriate to the themes
 Truth is , I have been searching high and low for a charm that I really liked and would be the first charm to start my bracelet with . I really like rabbits and even though I only like the characters from Alice in Wonderland -LRB- not the story itself -RRB- I went ahead and ordered it . The charm is about the size of the nail on my thumb and it has a very nice weight , so definitely sterling . It 's oxidized in all of the right places and looks even better than the photo . I 'm really happy that I found a special charm that wo n't be sold by the millions at the local mall . I was VERY satisfied with the company who mailed it and it came in great packaging on a nice card with info about the Hand and Hammer company who makes these by hand .
 Overall , this is a good replication of the Spider Droid from episode II . The only two complaints I have is that it is smaller than it probably should be , and it does n't really walk . I kind of expected that because very rarely do the wind-em up toys do what they are suppossed to . The launching missile makes up for it however .
 These paints are great to refill or paint containers for our 2yr old . The colors are vibrant and very easy to wash off .
 Easy to use and great color ! My daughter 's art teacher recommend it to me , and I just found that it is the best among all I have bought for my daughter .
 My grandchildren love to use this paint and it works well . Very easy to clean up . The color is bright .
 I bought this for my grandson kindergarten class to use . They loved it and have used it many times for crafts .
 Paints are nice , colors are great . Easily cleans out of clothes and off of hard surfaces . Has classic tempera paint smell ... reminds me of elementary school . .
 First off I have to recommend buying the paint cups with holes in them to reduce waste!These paints are sensibly priced and just a great deal overall!The paint colors are bright and fun!Not smelly ! Great for finger painting and painting with sponges or brushes!Thick paint , not see-through-ish ! My daughter paints everyday so we use about three bottles a month!If it was n't this inexpensive I would not be able to afford it but now I 'm able to let my daughter paint everyday as much as she would like ! And that makes me happy!Any buying the Melissa and Doug paint cups make this ideal but conserving so much paint that is normally wasted ! And the clean up is quick and effortless , unlike most painting activities!Cons ... I wish they had a bigger variety of colors !
 There are several different US importers of this dim sum playset , with slightly different items included ; but the design and oem manufacturer seems to all be from Wah Hing Toys of Hong Kong.Depending on the various importer -LRB- small world , mojo toys , mcphee etc -RRB- . there may be 1-4 pieces of siu mai -LRB- the dumplings in the bamboo steamer -RRB- , a potsticker , a fortune cookie , some shrimp -LRB- both boiled and tempura -RRB- , some lettuce leaves , chopstick set with rest and soy sauce saucer , and either a partial or complete teapot set.the play foods are made from vinyl . The scale is inconsistent , with variation in scale among pieces , but on average is about about half size . The dumpling pieces , chopstick rests , and soy sauce saucer are small enough for a toddler to swallow -LRB- and choke on -RRB- . So supervised play is an absolute must . The chopsticks can be snapped by a determined child . Also while Wah Hing is one of the largest toy manufacturers in Hong Kong , they have had prior recalls for excessive barium content in their paints -LRB- I do n't have any info about lead -RRB- . So again , be sure that your child does not bite , especially the pieces with shiny finish.Other than felt/cloth sets made by individual hobbyists and small re-ment dollhouse playsets , this play food set is the only one available to teach children about chinese food . The food depicted appears very authentic.I would strongly suggest either discarding or sequestering the individual pieces of concern which are either too small -LRB- choking hazard -RRB- or too shiny -LRB- barium contaminant -RRB- or both .
 This is a great set of mini Asian food and it 's utensils . It is very cute and well designed . Perfect for small hands . Just adorable !
 My neices are part Chinese and it is so hard to find any toys having to do with the Chinese culture . I was so happy to find this product and it was even better when I got it in the mail ! They totally loved it ! Definitely recommended .
 Great toy for little ones -LRB- but not too little because they want to eat it -RRB- .
 If you have a playmobil home or even castle of some kind but dont have a christmas set , then this is a good one to aquire . The tree lights up and has a timer which is great in the event a child leaves it on . There are some accessories that my 4yr old daughter particuarly liked ; the vespa scooter and the skis that the children dolls can actually put on . There is also a musical instrument and a soccer ball . Quality , as always is great and a toy that will carry on my daughter 's interest way past her 4th Christmas .
 My toddlers love these scarfs . We use them to have dance parties , play peek-a-boo . . But I notice after a short while they started to smell a little funny . I think it 's the process used to make them but it freaks me out . I 'll wash them today , hopefully it works !
 Bought these to stuff in a kleenex box and they work great . I guess you could teach colors using the , but mostly they are just for fun .
 My 3 year old got this for Christmas ... she loves it ... perfect size for her little hands . She 'll be playing with this for years to come .
 I got this as a gift for my 5 year old . She wanted cooking stuff and fake food to play with for Christmas , this is going to really excite her , highly recommend !!
 This is an adorable cookware set . It is very durable and colorful . The lids fit perfectly where they should , and the variety of utensils is fun . My 2-year old daughter really enjoys playing with it , and they fit perfectly with her Little Tikes kitchen .
 Small World Toys Young Chef Cookware SetI would highly recommend this set for any girl or boy who loves playing with Mommy 's or Grandma 's pots , pans and cooking utensils . I ca n't begin to tell you how many hours my great-niece spends `` making supper '' each day . This saves wear and tear on the real items and is the perfect size for little hands . The product is much cuter in person and I recommend it highly .
 This cookware set is adorable ! I received it very promptly and am extremely pleased with how it looks in person . I can not wait to give this to my niece as one of her Christmas presents . My sister-in-law told me that she loves playing with her pots & pans , so she gave me the idea to get my niece a cookware set . I 'm so happy that I came across this set , as the colors are great and the price is even better ! Definitely recommend ! = -RRB-
 what a great and durable cooking set ! this was well worth the money spent . alsol great that it came with play food .
 I ordered this before I read the reviews which said they were small and that the food was n't included.My granddaughters are 2 and 4 and they are enjoying the set , according to their parents . Quality is prettygood and a fair price when you compare to others that are available .
 My daughter loves this set and has turned them into bath toys !!! She plays with these almost daily . Definitely a great gift for little ones .
 I got this for my 4 year old daughter to go with her kitchen she got for Christmas . It is very cute !!!
 I bought these for our two year old grandson for his birthday . He absolutely loved them . He also got a kitchen set so we cook all the time . They were a BIG hit for him .
 This was the perfect gift for a 3 year old girl . The pots/pans and cooking ware are small and made very nicely .
 I did a lot of shopping around before I decided on the ` Small World Living Toys Young Chef Cookware Set ` . I looked at Melissa and Doug sets , Alex Toys sets , and numerous lesser-known branded sets . My main concern was making sure the size of the sets was going to be appropriate , and that the craftsmanship was going to be up to standard . The ` Small World Living Toys Young Chef Cookware Set ` fits my requirements better than any of the other sets I have seen.You can get a set with more cookware pieces , but you will suffer dramatically when it comes to unit size . The ` Small World Living Toys Young Chef Cookware Set ` is the perfect size for little hands and toy food pieces -LRB- as you can see from the photos -RRB- . I originally ordered a Melissa and Doug set that had several more pieces of cookware , and was very pretty , but the actual size of the cookware looked as if it should have been used with a doll set , and not a play kitchen . After I sent that back , I physically went to the store instead of trying to find something on Amazon because none of the product pictures on here had examples of the product next to a child for good size-comparison . Once again , I was shocked by the sizes of the sets - It would seem that the size of the Melissa and Doug set that I had just returned was standard in the industry . It was then that I came across this set - and it actually had a picture of a child playing with the toy . What a concept ! Then , when I got it , it actually was the same size as depicted in the picture . The pieces were large enough to actually fit toy food in so that my daughter can actually pretend to cook - which is why I was getting her a cookware set in the first place ... Bottom line - If you want your child to actually be able to ` cook ' with their toy cookware , this is a good set to get as it has the largest and true to size units I have been able to find .
 WHEN I RECIVED THE BOX I SAID TO MY SELF THIS IS A SMALL BOX BUT WHEN I OPENED IT IT WAS PERFECT MY GRAND DAUGHTER LOVES IT THE COLORS WERE VERY NICE AND ENOUGHT TO KEEP HER BIZZY = -RRB- Small World Living Toys Young Chef Cookware Set
 I bought this set for my 2 and a half year old - she loves playing with the pots and pans in her kitchen . Very durable so far and I like the bright colors and the utensils . Very satisfied .
 This is the perfect set for a toddler -- just the right size and colorful . The utensils do n't have holes in the handle , so you would have to drill them if you want to hang them up . Otherwise , quite a sweet set .
 This is a great set for my 18 month old daughter 's play kitchen . Veggie and cutting board is sold separately , so the picture is not accurate .
 I think this set should be a `` staple '' in any kid 's kitchen . I bought this for my -LRB- at the time -RRB- 2yo and 5yo daughters to play with . For the people who say the items are too small , I 'm not sure what you would expect . I know if they were any bigger they would n't fit well with a play kitchen . These are toys after all -LRB- not real pots and pans -RRB- . I would highly recommend them . They are cute and useful and very practical for kids .
 Also bought the Kidcraft Vintage Kitchen . This cookware set is the perfect size for this kitchen . 2-year old granddaughter using this alot .
 I bought this cookware set to go with my granddaughter 's pretend kitchen . She plays with it every day . The cookware is made of durable plastic and has survived already being dropped numerous times . The lids twist and lock onto the pots . I am pleased with this purchase but I was expecting them to be a little larger .
 good dishes - well loved.They were sent to our great granddaughter and I have n't seen them , but their grandma told me they were great .
 Cute accessories for kid 's kitchen . No food is included in set though . My daughter has enjoyed preparing dinner for me !
 Great interactive toy . Our 2 yr . old grandaughter plays with it along with the Step 2 kitchen we purchased thru Amazon . Very durable . Her 6 yr . old brother loves it also .
 Bought two of these . One for my house and one for a Christmas gift . These are a nice size and very sturdy . They get lots of use when my granddaughter visits my house . Compared to others I had seen , I feel they are very well made and they have proven to be a good product for the kind of hard use they get from the kids .
 My Grandbaby does like and play with set alot . The set is just right for a one to two year old . The colors are good and I think it will last . Hope this helps .
 I bought this as a gift for a friends two year old and she said she loves playing with them and that they are very good quality ! Will definitely buy again for my little girl and my nieces and other friends children !
 My grandkids love playing with them I had to get some play food to go with it . I wish that when you bought play things like this that there would be like a couple of food items with it . You get 3 pans and 5 cooking utensils but no food to cook . But I still think that it is great and I am glad I got it because like I said my grandkids like playing with them and they are boys . I just bought a basket that was filled with plastic food and then there is all kinds of food to cook .
 We were looking for a set of pots and pans which were unbreakable and able to stand up to our granddaughter 's rough handling ; this set fits perfectly .
 I purchased this as a holiday gift for my almost 3 year old daughter . She is just getting into the role playing stage , and loves to help me cook , so I thought this would be ideal . Not only does she love it , but my 8 year old son loves it too . He ` tolerates ' her need for a taste tester , but really ends up playing with her , which is a real feat . I would recommend purchasing the food/fruits/veggies as well since this set only comes with the cookware . But this is durable and much loved in our house .
 Bought this for my 7 year old daughter for her birthday to go with her Pastel kitchen . The plastic is very durable and not cheap . It 's super cute and the colors are awesome . I am very pleased with this play set . My daughter loves it , her two brothers also enjoy playing with it .
 Very cute set , bright colors , and perfect for our new kitchen set . The large pan lid clips on and stays closed which is nice . My daughters love it .
 Last year I got my grand daughters -LRB- ages 5 and 3 -RRB- the Dora talking kitchen and accessories . This year I gave them this pan set as the old set was in bad shape . They were thrilled and have already gotten hours of fun . They are sturdy and think they will last a lot longer the the last set . Thank you for a fun and quality product for my angles .
 Bought for my daughter for her 3rd birthday . She loves play cooking , baking , serving . These toys are so durable that I thought I might use them for real -LRB- not really , but they 're that good -RRB- . Great stuff !
 so my 2 year old daughter is really into cooking ! So this was an easy gift for her ! she absolutely loves her set !!! i recommend it for any kid ! the size of the set is perfect and the colors are soft and nice !
 Two grandchildren now cook away with this quality assortment . The quality stands up , and the fun is palpable with this produce product
 My 2 year old daughter got this for Christmas and absolutely loves it . Her brother thats 1 1/2 really likes it too .
 My grandchild loved it Everyone . My grand child really liked it Why do you require so many words are you looking for bad reviews ?
 I bought this little cookware set for my grand daughter 's Easter basket . She was `` cooking '' jelly beans for hours ! She is only four , and NOT easy on things ; this set is standing up to her `` use '' very well and she 's really enjoying it . Also , my order arrived in plenty of time for the holiday as promised . I will order again should the occasion arise .
 This set is so cute , got it for our 3 year old granddaughter for xmas , she got a new stove from uncle an aunt . Very durable ! she loves cooking with the items . U want go wrong with this set !
 Daughter loves playing cook time just wish it came with food . She enjoys it day and night , cant seem to put it down
 I went back and forth between this and a few other sets before going with this one . Its perfectly sized for a toddler -LRB- 21 mos old -RRB- and she cant seem to get enough play of of these.The plastic is bright and beautiful , seems very durable and while small , is n't too tiny for the play food i bought . I 'm overall happy with the price and quality of the product ... and yes i 'd buy it again .
 My daughter loves this cooking set . It is very Safe ! Goes well with any toy kitchen set . Made well . All Plastic . AAA + + +
 Lots of imagination involved to pretend to cook all kinds of meals just like Mom or Dad . Durable , bright colors are very appealing . Just might develop into a little chef !
 My grandson loves to cook in his kitchen and these pots and pans have been great . Easy to play with and store .
 as other review said , vegetable and steak are not included , what a pity . Kids ca n't play with empty pans . I have to buy another set of vegetable for my kids to play .
 Very cute and fun pots . Bought my 2 year old daughter a kitchen for Christmas , it did not come with any blights so bought this set . They are very colorful and durable . Very satisfied .
 The colors is bright and my 3.5 and 1.5 years old just love it ! They play together for long time . I did buy extra set of vegetables so they can cut and cook then serve it to me !
 I 'm all about quality and this little play set has it . The colors are adorable and the pieces are made to last , I just hope they do n't get lost . My daughters loves playing with them and they stay in her little play kitchen all the time . I would definitely recommend .
 My daughter received these as a &#34; potty reward &#34; . She loves playing with them . The colors are bright , which we like . They are also sturdy , which is a bonus over some of the pots and pans that are available out there . I like that the cooking utensils that come with it are not super small or flimsy so my 18 month old can also play with them .
 This is a great little set for the price ! It comes with lots of pieces , I know the pic is a little misleading since the food is just there as a prop , not as part of the set , but that is explained in the discription so the people who were expecting the food to be there probably should have read the details before buying . The pots are a decent size for a kids kitchen , they fit great on my daughter 's KidKraft Vintage Kitchen . They hold the play food just fine and my daughter enjoys playing with them.The only thing I dislike , is that in order to put the lid on the largest pot , you have to line it up correctly and turn it to lock it into place under the handles . Also , it has to be twisted to the correct side . It 's a little difficult to explain but it 's harder than it should be I think . My 2 year old sometimes has a hard time getting that 1 lid on . If it were n't for that one issue I would have given this toy 5 stars.It 's made of thick , durable plastic and so far I 'm pertty happy with the purchase .
 Good overall set . Cheap plastic , but good enough for my 2 year old ! Held up so far ! He loves it !
 This cooking cooking set is great . My 2 year old loves this it is played with every day . The toys itself are durable , well they have been so far . And my daughter is not that gentle with her toys . So I say it has held up great . I would recommend this toy .
 I bought this for my 2 yr old grandson along with the outdoor grill/kitchen . He loves to cook and stir in the bigger pots -LRB- perfect size -RRB- , and flip over food in the pan . Great buy .
 I bought this set for my niece for her birthday . When she opened them the family just had a fit over how cute they were . The lids lock onto the pots and everything . I am almost jealous , these plastic pots and pans are better than my real ones ! They are very durable and my niece will play with them for a long time ! Great product ! Great price !
 I bought this for my 14 month old son , he LOVES cooking in the kitchen with mommy with it ! Seems to be very durable .
 I purchased this for my then 17 month old daughter so she could be `` like mom '' and play cook in the kitchen with me . She loves this set ! We have since purchased a food set to accompany it and she loves to cook and make soup and all sorts of her creations.She actually spends hours in the kitchen making things with me and pretend to eat them!I am not sure how educational the toy is , but they are very durable and she loves to imitate me while i cook.I would suggest this pot/pan set to anyone that is looking for one . It is durable , bright -LRB- so you can find the smaller spoons from under the stove or couch ! -RRB- and they are washable too just in case there is the occasional drool or food in there .
 When my son called after the grandkids opened their presents , he said that my 4 yr old granddaughter was `` preparing '' dinner with the pots and pans that I got her . She loves them !
 I gave this to my two year old granddaughter for her play Melissa and Doug kichen , she loves it . These toys are like the Tonka trucks for boys . They will last a long time .
 My son loved this set . I already have the food I bought separately , so the food went well with it . He plays with the set all the time .
 My 2 year old granddaughter enjoys playing this cookware set . It gives her so much fun in pretend cooking and gives everyone in the family a pretend taste of her dish . The cookware set is magical . It has the colors that add to the beauty of pretend cooking . It also has the right sizes for her little kitchen . Great and wonderful toy set .
 Although the picture is deceptive , since it does n't come with the food or cutting board . The product is of good quality . They are a thin , hard plastic , which has a look and feel of metal . Compared to others we have they are more realistic in look/feel .
 My 19 month old LOVES these dishes ! They are pretty sturdy and I am confident they will last a long time . She loves that the utensils look like mine -LRB- we compared them -RRB- and she can actually use them to scoop her play food out of the pots . Great toy ! No regrets .
 have this set with a child 's kitchen in our house ... many , many children have shared playing with this set , ages 18 months to three years ... the pieces are durable and the kids never seem to tire of playing with them !
 We bought this set for our daughter when she was 14-months . She loves the cookware so much and she uses every piece of the set . She loves to stir pretend things in the pots , then gives us a taste , to which we must reply `` mmmmmm . '' We 've only had the cookware for a few months , but all of the pieces seem to be durable and are withstanding my daughter 's constant play .
 I love this set but I also purchased food sets on the assumption that the food pictured was included since no where in the descriptions does it say , food not included . Besides that , its a great set ! We are thoroughly enjoying all of the Small World Living Toys pretend food sets and definitely recommend it over the other cheaper sets .
 I recently purchased aLittle Tikes Super Chef Kitchento have at my house for my grandchildren . This kitchen came with a frying pan and a coffee pot , but no cooking utensils . I purchased this set primarily for the utensils . I find the quality of the pots and pans to be excellent . The lid of the large pot actually locks on so it could even be a pretend pressure cooker . I have also purchased 3 sets of Small World food . They seem to produce a quality product . I have been pleased with everything .
 Excellent set , sturdy , bright . Comes in a small box , but the pieces are a great size for toddlers and preschoolers .
 It 's a cute little kitchen set and my daughter loves . She plays with it constantly . It is smaller than I imagined but she like it and that 's all that matters .
 I got this for my two children and I was a little worried it might be to small , but it ended up being just right . No assembly required !
 i like it . very good . my girl is smiling with this plaid short set . Happy new year . merry christmas . good luck
 This cookware set arrived right on time , when it was promised , in the condition it was stated , and exactly as pictured except for the food is not part of this sit , which I was under the impression it was but that 's ok !
 My granddaughter goes to work with my daughter four days a week so she needs lots of things to keep her busy . She has a little kitchen set and I bought these to go with it . Every item is very sturdy . My daughter owns a retail shop so lots of kids come in and play with these . They love the locking top and the utensils for stirring and chopping . Every piece looks like it did on the day I bought it , very happy with this purchase !
 Our 2 year old is always interested in the kitchen when anyone is cooking . This set gives him a &#34; cooking &#34; experience on his own level . This is a great item for both boys and girls .
 I bought this play cookware set to go with my daughter 's Dora kitchen that we bought at a yard sale . The colors are nice and bright , the lids fit nicely on the pots/pans , and the utensils are just right ! We have even used these in the bathtub . The play food is not included , so make sure you 're aware of that before you buy it , because the picture can be deceiving . You wo n't be disappointed !
 My grand-daughter just loved this play set . She stirred and placed the lids on her little pots and pans with her new kitchen .
 Great little cooking set for children from about 1 and up - our kiddos are from 2 to 5 and they love it !
 Another &#34; EXCELLENT &#34; accessory for the granddaughters . They will be used in their little kitchens . Ca n't really say anymore . LOVE IT !!
 Great set of items to add to the kitchen . colorful and fun . 2.5 year old loves it good quality items that will hold up
 Cute little cookware set and completely enjoyed by kids that love role-playing with kitchen items . Durable , colorful , and comes with all the necessary parts and pieces .
 This is a must buy for any play kitchen . There are so many utensils and pots for the money . ASo the colors are vibrant . Great find
 My son loves to play with his cook ware set . He loves to keep it in the kitchen and pretend he 's cooking along my side
 My grandkids love this set and anything they are happy with I am happy with . It is made well and is attractive .
 For my one year old granddaughter . Pieces are big and chunky . Super cute . Fast delivery , ca n't wait to give the to her .
 My children absolutely love this kitchen cooking set . There is not much I can say against it !!! Definetly worth the money !!! Perfect size for kids .
 I purchased this for my grandson along with a separate food set made by the same company . He enjoys pretending to cook and eat the food . He watches his parents preparing meals . What better way to teach nutrition and show that food can be prepared at home and not obtained from a drive-through . window !
 The cookware is just the right size for toddlers . The untensils are unique to this set . The only setback is that they should have included food to make it complete .
 This is a durable cookware set . My grandchildren seem to enjoy it very much . Encourages imaginative play.The price is reasonable , shipping was fast .
 I should have read more reviews before purchasing this product . Only after it arrived did I realize that all of the food pictured all over the box is actually NOT included ! In hindsight , that explains the really good price . My toddler still loves the pots and pans . She just needed to wait longer for the `` fruits & vegetables '' to show up . : -RRB-
 I bought this set as a quick gift for my 18 month old nephew and he enjoyed them more than his Legos . I guess he 's going to grow up to be a chef and not an architect . I did n't notice that food was n't included , but it did n't bother my newphew . He just put his Legos in the pots and cooked them up . Great product .
 My son loves to pretend cook and this set is durable enough for a two year old boy . It 's a great price and it 's not cheaply made .
 These are great ! All the lids fit on really well , they are just the right size for `` cooking '' ! Seem well made , I bought it for the outside playhouse and kiddy pool , so they are seeing action all over the place . Seem to be able to withstand being dropped on the cement occasionally ! My 3 yr old grandaughter loves them . She liked having her very own `` knife ''
 I got this from amazon when my daughter was 2 years old , she was quite happy with it putting her own stuffs inside it for cooking and even feeding us with what she has prepared . . Now that she 's 3.5 years and still loves it . The quality of the product is also too good for the price.Definitely worth getting it !!!
 We purchased this for our 17 mo old daughter who is obsessed with her kitchen supplies . We were hoping she 'd stop wanting OURS and play with HERS . Plan worked . She no longer wishes to raid our cupboards and is quite content to have her own . She spends an hour at a time in her `` kitchen '' making all kinds of fun things . Yay ! I completely recommend this , and it 's durable . She throws big fits when she gets frustrated and pots and pans go flying . Nothing has broken so far ! : -RRB-
 Please note that the toy food is NOT included with this set -LRB- this set only has the pots/frying pan/cooking utensils -RRB- . The pots/pan are pretty small , but can hold a few pieces of play food from the same company -LRB- Small World Living -RRB- . It is a good size for toddlers and preschoolers .
 This cookware set is great for any little chef ! I have a friend whose son loves to play bake . You can either get some of the plastic food or just let kids use whatever they want . Either way they 're sure to enjoy playing with these pots and pans .
 My daughter loves these pots . She is 18 months and someone gave us a toy kitchen so I bought these pots to go with it . They are very bright and pretty , the tops fit on perfectly . They seem very sturdy . She loves the utensils and carries them all over the place . She pretends to stir the pot with them and even wants to use them to eat with ! We have only had them for a few weeks so I do n't know how durable they are but one more nice thing about them is that the plastic is not the type that the dog would chew , so so far they have been safe .
 My son has a lot of fun with this set . i need to get him some pretend food now !
 Great starter set ! We purchased this for our daughters with a new kidkraft kitchen for xmas last year ! ... Food would have been nice but we ended up getting melissa n doug food that did the trick . Would highly recommend
 My granddaughters love this set . They are clanger and bangers ! I love it cause now they pretty well stay out of my pots and pans ... lol . It 's a very nice & durable set .
 I bought this for my little boy over Christmas and he absolutely loves it . It has his imagination working like crazy .
 This is one of the best toys that i have gotten for my children . Both of my boys love to play with the set ! And they are 2 and 4 . I would definitely recommend this to any one .
 This cookware set was -LRB- & still is -RRB- a big hit at our house . Gave it as a Christmas gift to my grandkids ages 3 & 1 . We leave it here so they have something fun & new to play with when they come over . They did n't want to open any other presents once they had unwrapped this !! They just wanted to `` cook '' for us ! Everyone was surprised at how nice they played together-there are enough pieces that each of them could `` stir '' or `` make soup '' as my grandson says ! The pots & utensils are colorful & seem durable . The lids fit nice . I also purchased some play food to use with this set . That was all that was needed to make them happy!Wanted to add a note here-2 yrs later-the grandkids are now 5 & 3 and they are still loving & using this set !! Every time they visit they are always `` cooking '' something up for us !!
 This was a gift for my son to add to his many star wars toys . He loves it and can even fit Lego people into it .
 THis is adorable I was glad to get this at a good price . The only thing about the durability is the wings , no problem . Wings are a hard thing to put on any toy for three years olds no matter how the design . This doll is cute , lots of fun for play and imagination , great tool for the mind and creativity .
 This Tinker bell doll was used on the tables for my babys frist birthday party . . they are great , looks and the fact they can stand on there own . . i would say overall i give disney princess tinker bell doll a 5 star !!!
 My daughter loves Tinker Bell . I would n't say it is educational , but she loves her none the less ! Good toy !
 I ca n't wait to see my niece 's face when she opens her gift . This is a wonderful doll . She loves Tinkerbell and had her own costume for Halloween . This is so authentic and beautiful and not a grown up doll . it is perfect for a little girl . It is sure to get a lot of love . Purchase was easy , friendly , and so quick that I could n't believe it was here so fast.This is the one gift that I am abslutely sure about .
 Product quality , very beautiful , I recommend to everyone . The service was fast and secure ! I will do more shopping !! Tks !!!
 I bought this set for my grandson last summer for his birthday and he plays with them all the time .
 Given that there were already some 4 other versions of the Action Fleet Snowspeeder , I was n't even sure if this one was worth buying . Fortunately , it is . Unlike the previous versions , this one is a very accurate reproduction of Luke 's Snowspeeder as it appeared in Empire Strikes Back . It has a much better paint job than the previous versions , including battle damage . Sadly , this speeder does n't include any figures , so you 'll need to scrounge up 2 Rebel pilots . It 's too bad the Action Fleet line was canceled - this speeder shows how good Hasbro was getting at making these vehicles .
 We are huge Baby Einstein fans in my home & my infant daughter loved the turtle , monkey , zebra & pig characters the most ! She loves these puppets . We can use them in a puppet show or even as a wash cloth for bath time !! These have been discontinued since we got ours and now they are highly collectible and sought after .
 The detail in this toy is amazing and my animal afficionado son adores his Brachiosaurus . The only drawback is how heavy it is ! But then again , that is why the toy is so incredibly durable . If you are willing to spend this much on a toy for your kid , you wo n't be disappointed !
 Beautifully done , great detail and paint job . I actually have both this one and the Brachiosaurus by Schleich and while both are great on size and detail -- I like this one a little more because of the color ; Schleich 's version is painted a more mute brownish/gray color which might be more realistic but a tad more boring .
 This is a very creative toy and pen in one . You can change the look to different styles with lego pieces . It is very fun and useful for kids .
 If you like puzzles , you will like this one . It 's easy enough to do over and over again but not to easy that it would be boring . My 11 year old and I just did it on an unexpected snow day and kept him busy for an hour or 2 .
 This is the Naboo N-1 Fighter from Star Wars Episode 1 . The Naboo N-1 Fighter is 6 '' long -LRB- tail to engine -RRB- and 4 '' wide -LRB- engine to engine -RRB- . The hatch opens to fit the poseable pilot , and the landing gears deploy , but R2-D2 is not removable . This toy also comes with a stand for display.This toy is hard on the main body , but the tail is made of a bendable plastic so it wont brake during play . However , this is also a good model for the avid star wars collector .
 Just bought this as a birthday present for my granddaughters ages 3,4 , and 6 . They loved it as did the adults at the party . We made alot of fruit salad.This is very educational too .
 This fruit is perfect . Better than a hamburger or pizza , reinforces healthy eating . I love it -LRB- and so does my daughter -RRB- .
 This is so cute I wanted to get some for myself . It 's colorful and engaging , because you cut each piece open with the blunt knife provided . Makes for hours of fun .
 I sent these to my granddaughter for Christmas . With the magic of Skype , we were able to watch her open and play with this . Right away , she took out the knife and cutting board and began cutting and peeling all the fruit . She really enjoys this set . It 's a great gift for a 3-year-old who always wants to help her parents in the kitchen . I recommend this highly .
 My two year old got this for Christmas and LOVES it . We never let him go near knives , but he often watches his parents cut fruit and vegetables , so he was thrilled to finally get to touch the `` toy knife '' and looked so happy getting to cut the velcro fruit in half on the cutting board ! Really awesome for pretent play . Nice size , velcro feels strong , love it that it 's bigger than other pretend food so less worry about a choking hazard . Compared to some other play food , they just do n't compare , we may exclusively buy this brand from now on for our kids . And finally , I LOVE it that this is a selection of healthy food choices , trying not to give my son a bunch of toy `` fast food junk food '' so this is fun and yet helps to influence healthy food choices . Great toy for pretend play ! Even if you do not have a toy kitchen , this is fun for the little ones .
 We purchased this product -LRB- Small World Living Fund With Fruit -RRB- a little over 6 months ago and my son -LRB- age 3 at the time -RRB- has enjoyed playing with the fruit , pretending to be a chef & cutting the fruit -LRB- the plastic fruit is pre-cut into halves and held together with velcro -RRB- . I would recommend this for kids who enjoy playing chef/waiter or pretending to operate a restaurant . The fruit is still in great condition and seems very sturdy .
 I was so glad when I received this set , all of the pieces are seemingly well made and compared to the other ` peel and play ' options out there a great value ! I was also pleasantly surprised to see that despite other reviews stating the pineapple was no longer available it was included in our set . My son is so excited and loves cutting and peeling the fruit . I think that this is a great item for any young foodie !
 My daughter loves her knew play food . She is 2 and in the `` do-it-myself '' phase and often wants to try to cut her own food . Of course , she is far from ready to use a real knife , so we both love that she can safely practice with this . Also , it has allowed my husband and I a rare few minutes to get things done as she has never played on her own before these foods . Her favorite part is `` peeling '' the orange and banana so for us it was worth the extra money for this set compared with others that do not peel .
 This is such a cute fruit set . I like that the pieces are bigger than some of the other teeny sets , and especially that you can slice and even peel some of the fruits . One caution , however . If you want the bowl that 's pictured and listed in the description , you may not get it ! The set arrived yesterday along with the vegetable set I also ordered , and the fruit set came with a little red cutting board exactly live the veggie set . This was n't a big deal for me , but anyone who wants the bowl should know the manufacturer has apparantly changed the packaging and accessories . My 2 1/2 year old could n't care less about the bowl . She played with this for the first time this morning and she loved it ! She got the BIGGEST kick out of peeling the orange and the banana . It 's too bad some of the other pieces do n't come apart in more creative ways -LRB- like the green cap coming off the strawberry or the peach pit being removable -RRB- but I 'm pretty sure little kids would n't even think of those things -LRB- not to mention the choking hazard of smaller parts -RRB- . This is a really innovative take on the typical fruit and veggie sets . Great toys .
 This is a very good product , good material , beautiful shapes , the zipper is a good idea for the effect of the fruit or vegetable slices , this product has enchanted my niece
 I had a lot of fun with these fruits , teaching my baby the names of each fruit while she was cutting them with the knife provided in the product . She enjoys cutting these and laughed a lot . Great product .
 My daughter like this set to use with her play kitchen . She 's almost 2 , and I 'd say she 's a little too young to really understand the purpose of the velcro and knife part of it , but she has a blast &#34; eating &#34; all her fruits and using her knife on all her other play food . It 's a plastic set , but the plastic is a hard plastic , so it wo n't be crushed by a too-enthusiastic toddler .
 I 'm almost certain I have every plastic fruit/vegetable/food item like this , but THIS set is extra special . They pieces are more in depth -LRB- like , the peel comes off the banana and the seed is in the apricot -RRB- it makes for a really educational toy set . My daughter has a speech lag so we found these toys to be really fun in learning that you peel oranges , you peel bananas , and you cut the watermelon ! I 'm going to be buying all the food sets from this company !
 I enjoy watching the little ones pretend to eat and cook and share the plastic food . They are so cute and not only learn the names of all the differnt foods but learn to share too .
 Very &eacute;ducatif and fun for kids . They can learn a lot and do a lot if different activities with it .
 This fruit holds up really well . My 2 year old loves to play with it , as does the 3 year old boy I watch ! It keeps them very entertained .
 my son got these for christmas along with his new kitchen that santa had brought him . he loves them . he loves to put them together and use the knife to cut the fruit . they are inexpensive and not the super great quality of melissa and doug wooden food but these are much more entertaining for him !! much more fun . they have texture and pieces to take apart and put together.the melissa and doug food he received at the same time has still not been played with , these fruits and cutting board come out everyday for fun .
 I bought two sets . One came with a knife and the other was missing the knife . I called about it and was told that they 're out if stock . While I could return it , it would cost me ~ $ 5 to return it . Basically , too bad for me . I 'm pretty disappointed in the service , but fun product .
 The Small World Fruit set is a fine product.It seems to be durable and my grandchildren enjoy playing with it.It encourages immaginative play.I found the price to be reasonable and shipping was fast .
 I bought these for my 22 month old granddaughter and she was just fascinated . The fact they are interactive and you can peel some of them and take them apart/put together again was what made these special . High quality so worth the price .
 This is a very fun product for my 2 yr old , he really enjoys cutting the fruit and putting it back together . It seems durable , we have only had it since Christmas but it 's pretty sturdy . This would probably be fun for slightly older kids too , maybe up to 6 or 7 .
 I purchased this toy for my 4 year old for Christmas and she loves it . She makes `` fruit salads '' for her dad and I all the time and I love the fact that the pieces are big enough that smaller children wo n't be in danger from accidental ingestion . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was because the bowl that comes with it should be big enough to accomdate all the fruit once your child `` cuts '' it up . Other than that it 's a solid toy .
 I bought this for my 2 year old daughter to fill her new play kitchen and SHE LOVES IT ! These fruits are really clever and teach her about food as well as are fun to play with . I also bought the vegetable set too !
 I bought this for my three year old daughter and she loves `` cutting '' the fruit and serving it to the rest of our family . Very cute !
 The fruit set is a great companion to the veggies Small World makes too ! My son has fun `` cutting '' the fruits & veggies . He has a pot/pan playset too & pretends to cook them . Lots of fun !
 I bought this for my 19month old son . He had played with similar set that his OT has , and loved it . We play with it together , as he is under the recommended age . He likes pulling all the fruit apart , and it 's good for the strength in his fingers/hands . He likes playing that he 's eating it , and feeding it to me . He likes me to name all the fruits . He even likes cleaning the fruit up back into the bowl , although I have to put the fruits back together for him at this point . He thinks it 's really cool when I `` cut '' the fruit . He likes to do it too , but I have to line the knife up for him . The bowl is probably a little small for the generous amount of fruit , but it is a nice bowl . Of course , the fruits are not to scale , but it 's only a toy ... I expect this toy to delight him for years to come , as he learns to put them back together , cut by himself , make fruit salad , grocery shop , and once he gets a kitchen set . I think this is nice play food to use even without the cutting/peeling feature . Oh , and the hook side is one color , and the loop side is another , so it 's easy for me to figure out which way to put back together the pineaple and orange , which have more than two pieces .
 I bought this for my 3 year old daughter over a year ago , and she still likes to play with it . It is a great educational product too , she now know all of the names of the fruit . She likes to pretend to cook with me , she sits and cuts up her fruit and puts it in a pan . Absolutely worth the money !
 To the woman who said she bought this set due to the bowl she needs to read the description of what it contains in the 13 pieces , which does not say a bowl at all !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 11
 I am still amazed at how much pretend food has changed since my kids were small , 30 + years ago . I love how these can be peeled and sliced . The downside is that there are that many more pieces to contain because it 's more fun to take them apart than it is to put them together . I would also like to express a caution about the orange peel . When it is separated from the inside of the orange , the pieces have very sharp points . My daughter stepped on one when she did n't see it and really hurt the bottom of her foot . It might not be a bad idea to remove these pieces from the set completely . None of the other fruits seem to have a hazard like this .
 I bought this for my 2 year old granddaughter to accompany a play kitchen we also gave her . She loves to pretend to cut the fruit , which separates at the velcro connection as she `` slices '' through it . She loves to serve the halved fruit to her baby and to Elmo . The banana and orange peels can be removed and the peach has a pit , Seems to be well made and they simulate real food . Worth the money .
 The velcro fruit is awesome and exactly what my daughter wanted however very disappointed that the bowl did not come in our package . We purchased the set that advertised it came with a bowl and pictured that as well but not what we received . Bait and switch ??? Disappointed with amazon for that -
 I purchased these fruit after seeing them at my daughter 's occupational therapist . They give her something to do with the food other than just take it out of the refrigerator and set it on a plate . They are durable and actually cuter than the picture-the insides of some of the fruits have details -LRB- peach pit -RRB- . This set is the plastic set , rather than the usual wooden ones available in stores . These are much more realistic and a better size . I 'd definetly recommend this product to anyone with children who like to play kitchen . Now I just need the veggie set ...
 My son has this set and loves it . The crunching sound the velcro makes as it 's `` cut '' with the knife is very realistic and the 8 piece orange -LRB- 4 sections of fruit , 4 of peel -RRB- and the peelable banana are awesome . We have purchased this for other children with play kitchens and have the same response . My son loved the Wiggles at age 2-3 and his favorite song was `` Fruit Salad , '' so guess what we got prepared for us each day ?! I have never seen this in stores , even learning stores , where they only seem to have the wooden kind . I think these are much more realistic and very durable . None of the pieces are small and are appropriate for toddlers.Update 2012-My second son now enjoys this set so much ! All visiting cousins and kids love to `` cut '' the crunching fruit . Excellent set . There are pizzas and sushi and other sets out there now , all great ! The velcro that can be `` cut '' is the key : -RRB-
 I bought this item for my granddaughter -LRB- 19 mos -RRB- and she loves it . She now knows all her different kinds of fruit and loves to feed them to her baby . Great item !!!
 but you 'll need a larger bowl . My grandson loves this toy . he is just 2 years old and needs help with stabilizing the fruit so he can cut them with the plastic knife -LRB- which is totally safe , not at all sharp -RRB- . When he is unable to `` cut '' the fruit , he is able to pull it apart.I hope the velcro will hold up.Small World Living Toys Fun-With-Fruit
 My daughter requested this for our granddaughter for Christmas and both were thrilled . My daughter is a dietician and loves to see kids play with toy food , other than desserts !
 My 2 year old loves this play fruit . The cutting action really makes it so much more fun and interactive .
 I was initially reluctant to buy this set for my two-year-old daughter because I thought the pieces looked overwhelmingly yellow , and I just wanted more variety . This is just how the picture is designed , with the peach , lemon , and orange opened up to reveal their bright insides . The colors are vibrant , varied and darling , and fruits with interesting insides -LRB- pear , peach , etc -RRB- have those designs etched into the cut sides . The velcro is firm , yet easy enough for my toddler to cut and pull apart.Honestly , I 've bought these kinds of sets as much for myself as for my child -LRB- I got a great set of vegetables from Target for $ 10 , and they come with a handy basket -RRB- . They 're a BLAST to play with!The plastic in the fruit seems sturdy enough . I did n't want wood b/c the pieces would be heavier and prone to chipping , and the plastic seems like it will hold up very well . Mind you , I also have a cautious , gentle daughter who is n't likely to smash fruit much . However , I think it would take a VERY destructive child to smash these pieces -- like , the kid would have to mean it -LRB- premeditated smashing ? -RRB- . I saw one reviewer who commented on the sharp corners of the orange peels , and that is true . This toy will take some supervision , at least as far as cleanup goes -LRB- and I do n't want all these pieces all over my floors anyway , so we 'll be cleaning up after playing -RRB- . This will be a great toy to enjoy for years to come !
 I bought this for $ 3.99 at a local hobby shop , mostly to get the long-handled crotchet hook that comes with the kit -LRB- we have another set from a thrift store but was missing the hook , and you really need the hook -RRB- . Got it for my son but ended up using it because we need a new potholder ! Most of the loops fit the frame and I had enough to use the color scheme I wanted . It 's durable as needed for a cheap potholder-making kit . I would n't pay more than 4-dollars for it , though . Hope this helps !
 This is a very entertaining and educational product , My 10 year old daughter will not put it down . Very satisfied customer .
 Captain America and I go back a ways . I first saw him in the immortal Avengers # 4 . I have n't stopped admiring him since . The other two Marvel characters that hold a special place with me are Thor and Spiderman.I had gotten a Hasbro Spiderman -LRB- in the make Sandman set -RRB- elsewhere and was astounded with the articulation . His fingers move individually ! Pretty good for a 6 '' piece of plastic . My old GI Joe is n't as limber.I wanted the Avengers ' Captain America action figure and ordered the ToyBiz Marvel Legends Captain America Series 1 Figure . It 's really okay , as far as it goes . The first thing I noted was it 's weight . It 's a hefty chunk of plastic and he stands up pretty well on his own , a problem I 've had sometimes with the Hasbro Spiderman . The joints are n't quite as subtle as Hasbro 's but Spidey 's webs help disguise them anyway . Cap , with his solid colors , does n't have that advantage . Cap 's shield at 2-1/2 '' is in proportion to the real one which is 2-1/2 ' . He does seem to be a bit too muscle bound for my tastes , but he 's still a hunk . His chain mail does n't seem to have been represented , but that comes and goes with various artists . That is n't any big deal . The differences in articulation between Spidey and Cap are minor . Cap can make a fist but ca n't move individual fingers , and his leg rotates at the thigh , not at the calf as Spidey 's does . The toes even flex , which at their extreme does look a little freaky.His face ? I keep getting reminded of Hawkeye 's remarks in ` To Serve and Protect ' -LRB- a great comment on popularity -RRB- . `` You 're just steamed ... 'cause the jaw 's not square enough . '' He does n't have much expression which does n't seem to be like Captain America at all.As a toy , I 'd think any kid interested in heroes would be pleased with it . Fun ? I could see the lively imagination such an action hero could generate . I had lots of fun with mine , years ago , my GI Joe in a home sewn Captain America uniform . I 'm a bit old for that sort of thing now . Too much life has got in the way . Educational ? I do n't know . The comic book would be about WWII and patriotism and bravery . The kids better learn that stuff from someone . Cap 's the one to teach them . The weight of the figure and the construction makes me think he 'll be durable enough . As I implied , he 's a shrunk down version of the original GI Joe and they were durable indeed.Overall , I 'm pleased with it . It does n't quite capture the essence of Captain America , like the more expensive likenesses do , but that 's something only an adult would notice . Maybe other adults have the money to spend on the other stuff . I do n't so this is figure is just fine with me .
 Las colecciones de Marvel Legends son muy buenas y esta figura de accion es una de las que un fan de Marvel Comics debe tener .
 i all way 's wanted a cap well this is not about me Jackie Sullens u suck man like u go ever were reviewing sellers pages wit that bull like u turn down buyers like do n't be mad cuz ya stuff got mess up the toy that never come is u story i got mine to day so if i was u i would take ur dum stuff to ebay THANKS FOR CAP
 This item is actually purple . The photograph must have washed out the color . We love it just the same .
 My 4 year old has a couple of barbies , and they make me just a little uncomfortable with their skimpy outfits and overly made up faces ... . I ordered this doll as an Easter bunny present , and she is just stunning ! Her face is beautiful ... with twinkling eyes and a sweet expression . Her dress is amazing and well made ... just looking at her in the box , you can tell she is something special . My daughter looks a little like the doll -LRB- which is why I purchased this one -RRB- and she immediately took to her ... taking her with her everywhere all day and talking to the doll . I noticed that she plays very differently with this one than the barbies . . talking to it like a friend . The doll is very engaging and has been well worth the money spent . We will be adding more to our collection !
 My daughter , who is 5 and does n't read or write as well as her 6 year old sister , has found this to be the one ` journal ' she 's able to do on her own without assistance . It 's made her feel as special as her older sister who owns more journals than a 50 year old writer . This was the perfect level and had prompted with great questions for open answers.I 'm thinking about buying a couple for the next few birthdays my friends ' daughters have .
 Due to recent recalls and quality issues , we had made the decision this year to only purchase items that were not made in China . This was not an easy feat ; however , we stumbled across some amazing toys that we may not have considered otherwise . This particular set was much larger than what we had anticipated . It is an extremely good value considering the quality and price !! We are very pleased .
 My daughter loves this hot air balloon ... she has enjoyed looking at it while drinking her final bottle of the day for about 10 months now ... she now reaches her arm up to touch it and smiles at it . I get so many compliments on it ... people think its such a unique idea for a nursery ... I 'm so pleased with this purchase . Excellent colors and craftsmanship . Thank you .
 Although it looks like a nice model , it is not a Hot Air Ballon , it is a Gas Balloon Model ... no burner and sealed envelope , Just Technically wrong for hot air . .
 This is a great gift for my 10 year old girl . It is durable and very nice looking . Well worth the value . She hangs them from the ceiling and uses the baskets to display her stuffed animals -LRB- small ones ! -RRB- .
 I love this balloon as a decoration for my daughter 's nursery . The colors are beautiful and it seems to be very sturdy for hanging from the ceiling . I 'm hoping it will be a fun object for her to look at during diaper changes .
 This is an adorable model , and really well made for such a reasonable price . It also arrives fully assembled , which is nice . I purchased this for a one-time use ; I was giving a gift of hot air balloon ride tickets and wanted to hang them from this model , which worked nicely . The model is very sturdy ; the balloon itself is not a balloon , but a hard plastic . I was actually impressed by it . Would look nice in a kid 's room , playroom , maybe hanging from a back porch . Could even work as a toy , though I do n't know how long it would last .
 I bought the Green , Blue and Rainbow balloons for my 2 year old sons room where they hang from the ceiling in front of his 6 ' wide window . They are very well made and of high quality . The main balloon / orb is hard plastic and quite durable . My son dropped and kicked one the day they arrived without any damage . I had originally been looking at the larger models but due to their cost I decided on these and quite happy that I did ! They look great in his room with a few white clouds on the ceiling over them , vintage airplanes on the walls and a few vintage model planes planned down the road . He enjoys looking over at them at night when going to bed and throughout the day points up saying balloons and fly and their colors now as well.Again these are very nice , high quality models that will not disappoint . If your looking and thinking of buying them just hit the purchase button and checkout . Enjoy !
 I love this product . This will be part of my baby 's room decor . I love the vintage look . I plan to purchase another one .
 I ordered this for my baby 's nursery . . I love it ... It looks so different than the common items you usually see in a baby 's room . .
 This is so cute ! I put it in a guest room that will mainly be used by kids and it looks wonderful . Good quailty , nice colors , and well put together . Very nice !
 Good quality and this looks great in my baby 's nursery that is travel-themed . Definitely worth the price . Wish they still had in purple too .
 I bought this for my grandchildren to hang in their playroom and the absolutely love it . Every night they ask their parents to tell them a story about flying off in the Hot Air Balloon to different places . It 's not only beautiful but it provides a great tool for their imaginations .
 Quality is top notch . I bought all three colors for my grandson 's baby room . With clouds on the wall , it looks like they are flying in the -LRB- sky -RRB- room !
 This chair was perfect for my 7 year old son . It 's large enough to sit comfortably , it has a little inflateable pillow that can be on the chair or floor , and it comes in a bag so you can take it to soccer games , etc. . A grown up can use it , too !
 I purchased 2 of these chairs and have been extremely happy with their durability and their comfort . I have a Star Wars themed room in my house and these were purchased to sit in when playing video games . Chairs fold and unfold easily and come with a durable bag for simple storage . These chairs work as advertised !
 My Grandson 's seem to be happy with it and that is all that matters to this Mom-Mom . The seller got it to me in excellant time for my Grandson 's b-day . I was very pleased with the service I rec 'd .
 People who are afriad to take thier Ipod , cellphone or other expensive player to the gym or trail running will love this option . I picked up the `` Nightmare Before Christmas '' version . I had low expectations , owing to a consumer review that said the sound quality was poor . I was pleasantly surprised to find that this player performes very well , the sound is great , and the controls are easily mastered.The player has an on/off switch , repeat and shuffle buttons , and a typical skip forward , skip backward , play/pause volume up and down layout.The lanyard my player came with was a plastic lanyard which does not easily pull off . the lanyard 's materials do not absorb sweat or odor.I did not use the included earbuds - I had several pairs of my own already that I preferred.I also did not use the included software - I doubt it will run on my Windows Vista system , but the songs are easily placed on the player as though it were a thumbdrive.The built-in rechargable battery has more than enough power between charges - I 've used mine off and on for a couple days between charges . The manual says you can expect 8-10 hour playtime continuously.Pros
 My oldest son -LRB- 6 -RRB- got one for Christmas and my youngest son -LRB- 2.5 -RRB- loves to listen to it . So I bought another one for him . It is so easy to download your own music to it or you can buy the mini clips that have the Disney music on it . The sound quality was really good and the price I paid was very reasonable compared to what retail stores are selling them for . It holds a charge for 8 hours . It can plug right into your computer to charge or you can buy an adapter also . Very satisfied with this item .
 I love this mp3 player !!! My son sees me listening to my mp3 player sometimes and wants to listen , so I used to let him play with mine ... however , mine was a bit expensive so I had to be extra careful making sure he did n't drop it , flush it , etc. -LRB- he just turned 2 -RRB- . Anyway , I thought I 'd buy him one of his own , and I found this one and it is amazing !! My child loves it ! And the shape of it makes it much easier for him to hold in his hand , its not too wide . I like that the USB port is covered , so he does n't even realize its there to mess with ! I just throw the ear pieces over his shoulders so they hang there and I turn the volume all the way up so he can hear it , that way I do n't hurt his ears !! He loves this player and so do I !
 I bought this for my little brother pirate . . who wanted to be cool like his big brother with the ipod ! It has worked great . It is not fancy ... but it does hold enough music and is easy for a six year old to operate .
 Great for small boys . Too bad it does not count with much disk space . Otherwise is a great gift .
 My Brother loves these . He modified them and took the spinners out so they would n't scratch his table and is enjoying them very much .
 What you see is what you get . I bought them as part of some gag gifts I was putting together . The Penguins are very well rendered . My grandsons loved them as well .
 My 3 yr old son received these for Christmas last year . He has played with them everyday since then . They are the favorite toy in our house , enables lots of imaginative play . Excellent for children that love the Happy Feet movie . Would recommend them as a stocking filler . Not the best made but great size for smaller hands and they have been very durable so far .
 I expected a little bigger but otherwise I am very pleased with them and would do business again with the dealer
 These were the cutest decorations for a cake . My granddaughter loved them . After her birthday she played with them with her barbies .
 This wasa for my grandson school project and he got it done and the grade was very good also so we are very happy !!
 These would be good educational toys for children . They are a lot larger than I expected . but that is because i did n't read the description closely .
 My youngest son -LRB- 3 years old -RRB- recently saw the `` Happy Feet '' movie , and made sure to ask Santa for some Penguins . I found this item on Amazon and ordered it right away . He loves playing with them !
 Very detailed and realistic . I am happy with this purchase . They are all smaller then your hand . Great tub toy . My daughter enjoys it .
 My 3-year old nephew LOVES all of these plastic animal toys . We love watching him use his imagination to set up a penguin colony using household items like pots , pillows , plastic cups , blankets , etc. and inventing stories about the penguins ! He 's given them names and even swims with them in the pool . Adorable and easy . Kids do n't need a lot of lights , sound , and motion to have fun -- they just need their imaginations !
 The box contains 3 puzzles
 We always eat pasta and pizza so I wanted Italian food as part of the play kitchen . This set is perfect . The pepper grinder makes a realistic clicking noise , the pasta has a ` sauce ' cover - it 's all good . The pizza is hollow underneath , but no biggie .
 My daughter received this as a gift several months ago . At first she used it in the tub all the time , but when the weather broke it became a pool toy . She loves playing with this and so do all of her friends . This toy is durable & fun for boys & girls ages 3 to 9 .
 Kids had a great time with this fishing toy . Love it thanks and still works well . Thanks
 I bought this for our daughter who is 5 1/2 and she loves it ! It is very durable and there are no little parts to fall off when being played by younger children . It has been played with many times over since our purchase . I would recommend this toy to anyone with children 3 yrs and above .
 My granddaughter is 17 months old and at first had to be coaxed into the magic ball arena , but once she got the hang of it , she was definately interested in the fun aspect . The -LRB- 200 -RRB- extra balls that we purchased were and ARE a must ! Funtime is greatly increased . The magic balls seem to be more durable -- time will tell .
 At 24 I still really want to play in ball pits . However , they are rather hard to find for adults and places like Chuckie Cheese seem to frown on adults frolicking in theirs . So until I can convince my boyfriend to let me fill the closet with these play balls -LRB- and I will make it happen someday ! -RRB- , I will just have to live vicariously through my niece who has one of those little inflatable play areas made to go with these balls . I got her a bag of these balls and she loves them . They 're the somewhat soft kind so if more than one child is playing parents do n't have to worry about someone throwing a ball and the play date ending in tears . The bag is great too . Keep it around and it makes great storage for when you are n't using the balls !
 This is a good product , but 100 is nothing . I had to order 200 more balls to make a good size and fun ball pit . My kids and all his friends love to play with them . I would recommend being very carful when throwing the balls because they can hurt . I have a 5 and a 2 year-old jumping on them and they do not dent .
 I bought these to go into my Daughters indoor tent . They turn the tent into an awesome ball pit . She loves diving into it . I only gave them four stars because they do dent and get that ` smashed in ' look , but they do n't get totally crushed . My Daughter does n't mind the dents , so I do n't either . I 'd recommend these .
 These balls are pretty good and about what I expected . They are not a really hard plastic like you see in a commercial setting but work well at home .
 I purchased a jungle gym that had a ball pit and needed extras to fill it up . They are larger and less expensive than the others . Since they are larger than others , we needed less . Great deal and our son just loves to play in the ball pit !
 Great !!! We have one of the inflatable ball pits and they just dont come with enough balls so we bought these . Did the trick and our daughter loves them !
 I decided to get my son a ball pit and after reading all the reviews I decided just to buy a swimming pool and fill it up with balls . So to make sure my son liked it I just bought one bag of balls . He LOVES it ! The balls are big , bright , and soft , although very durable . My son has rolled on them , laid on them , jumped on them and none are dented . I am going to be getting another bag this week .
 These balls are so much cooler than the ones at the ball pin at places like Chucky Cheese ! Because they 're filled with air , they are so much softer and they do n't dent when you fall into them . My 8 month old son loves them and so do I . We bought a sandbox and filled them with these balls instead of sand and it is so much fun and much safer for a baby . good times ! = -RRB-
 I have a 3 yr old son and a 16 month old daughter and they love their ball pit . These balls are much better than the original ones that came with the toy . They are more durable and so far have n't popped at the seam like his other ones .
 The balls are great . We bought them to supplement the balls that came with Playhut 's Megaland -LRB- these Moose Mountain balls are larger which I think is better -RRB- . These have a bit of softness to them , and if a few seem hard at first I discovered they get soften up if you squeeze them a few times.We 've only had them since Christmas , so I do n't know how they hold up over a long time .
 I bought two packs of these balls for 9.99 each at `` wally world '' -LRB- you know where I mean -RRB- and they are great ! We used them to fill an inexpensive inflatable pool as a ball pit . -LRB- much cheaper than the actual ball pits and just as much fun ! -RRB- Yes , as another reviewer mentioned , they are smaller than the Intex balls , but since my daughter is just a year old they are perfect for her .
 I bought these balls for my one year old son . I put them in a cheap blow up pool meant for the outdoors . My son loves his ball pit . At bedtime he will even go lay his head on the side with a look of pure joy . At his birthday party a 5 year old and a 2 year old played in there with him and no balls were crushed . My son 's daycare bought some of these balls for there and so far has had 3 crush.I make the ball pit an educational experience . When my son picks up a ball to hand to me I will repeatedly refer to it by it 's color .100 balls is not enough . I would recommend ordering at least 200 .
 i have a very picky daughter . she is 10 months old and so hard to pleased her !! the playpen i bought for her is so much like nightmare . i put all these balls in it . . and there she go ... throwing it all over the place and she have so much fun with it . . hmmm thanks i dont have to waste money on the playpen because she finally use it .
 This balls have a great quality , but i need buy another 500 balls ... i must complete this for my baby ... meaby i can find one pack of 500 balls .
 This a high quality traditional toy . My 8 year boy loves it . Took a while to get it spinning but now he 's an expert . Gets 4 stars because I believe the tip wo n't last very long and there does n't seem to be a way to replace it .
 I saw these cups down at U.S. Toy & magic in Kansas . The moment I had them in my hand I knew I would need to get a set of them.NOTE
 Works excellent . Has been installed for 6 months now and dozens of starts with no problems.I just ordered another for a motor that I have modified the ports and crank on -LRB- Traxxas 3.3 -RRB- I installed this Tiger Drive on my T-Maxx 3.3 on the exhaust side.I did away with the Traxxas wiring harness and 4 prong plastic plug.I soldered leads on a rechargeable d-cell to ignite the glow plug for starting.A c-cell would work or any 1.25 to 1.5 volt battery.I left the glow plug wire on the motor for easier access.I plug it in , clip the alligator clip on a heat sink fin for ground then start the motor.Remove the igniter after the motor starts.You can buy stand alone igniters that clip on the glow plug!Photos are attached .
 I hesitated to buy this product for my daughter since she is 8 years old . She is such a cat lover , so I decided to buy it anyway . She absolutely loves it ! She takes her little kittens many places we go , and if she gets tired of playing with them , they are small enough to fit in my purse for safe-keeping . They are cute , and will hold up to many hours of play .
 I have previosly ordered Alice in Wonderland charms but from a different company . The charm is well made , arrived in a timely fashion and reasonably priced . Wish the packaging was a bit nicer . I would order from this company again .
 This is very good figure as he has great sculpting and a incredible likeness as its pretty movie accurate . I recommend Marvel Movie/Marvel Legends/Spider-Man figures for age 10 and up due to the fragileness nature of the figures . Bottom line this is a must have figure if you are a big Fantastic Four fan ! I strongly recommend this figure !
 i bought this set along with the series 3 . what a great deal ! . they are sturdy quality and i currently have one sitting on my cell phone . Because i thought they were so awesome , i passed them out to my friends who all seemed to enjoy them as well . I picked celebi !
 Wonderful bedroom set . I love it . It has a cute blanket and pillow and the mattress is plastic . The blue lamp -LRB- if that 's what you want to call it -RRB- is removable . It also comes with two soda cans and a blue and green glass . The doll has a medium size head -LRB- considering dolls these days -RRB- and her make-up is light -LRB- meaning her face is not caked with it -RRB- . The bed is about 13 '' long , 4 '' wide , and 2 '' thick and very light . I do n't know how a bed can be educational so I gave it four stars . It 's durablity is good but the lamp pulls ever so slighty on the canopy -LRB- the four stars -RRB- , but virtually unnoticable . I am 13 and love it . My friend and I play High School Musical , and this is Gabriella 's bed !
 This is another great figure from Diamond Select Toys . The Features of the face and outfit are very good , plus the accessories are of fairly nice quality . Overall a good rendition of Patrick Stewart as `` Captain Picard '' from Star Trek TNG ! ... He even comes with a cup of Earl Grey Tea ! Nice touch .
 Finally , the captain of the Enterprise , This is a must have for all star trek fans .
 This is a wonderful likeness and there are several accessories . The price is very reasonable . I am glad that I have added it to my collection !
 This was a replacement carb to fix one broke in a crash . I installed the carb with my old settings and I could not tell . The engine ran just as good with the new carb . Amazon was the same price as Horizon , but with free shipping . The carb came from Horizon anyway , so it 's a good way to save money .
 We bought this toy for our 21 month old the day before expecting a blizzard which would keep us house bound for the day . She does not have the ability to rock the toy herself , but has spent most of the day climbing in and out of it and asking us to rock it for her . We have talked about the different color balls in the ball maze , but other than that , no educational value . It has been a wonderful new distraction for a long day at home !
 This is a wonderful toy , very soft and looks just like the character in the book .
 I bought Horton as a baby shower decoration/gift . He arrived quickly and was just as pictured - cute and cuddly .
 More of a work of art than a toy !! Absolutely amazing detail down to the expression in his eyes -LRB- intense but oddly open for interpretation by a toddler
 i collect all ben grimm figures so it was a great addition
 This is very good figure as he has great sculpting and a incredible likeness as its pretty movie accurate . I recommend Marvel Movie/Marvel Legends/Spider-Man figures for age 10 and up due to the fragileness nature of the figures . Bottom line this is a must have figure if you are a big Fantastic Four fan ! I strongly recommend this figure !
 Strange as this may sound ... my Pomeranian loves this toy . She takes it with her all over the house . It has been with her for at least 3 years now and it is still fluffy and mostly whole . -LRB- It lost it 's antennae ! -RRB- Also strange my pom likes to hump her Buggsy .
 I bought Buggsy because my 5 month old grandson absolutely adores the caterpillar on Baby Einsteins . Buggsy was the closest thing I could find that looked like him . He loves Buggsy . Unfortunately , Buggsy is not made to withstand a great deal of play . He looks good now , but the stitching on him is already pulling apart a bit . Once my grandson is old enough to really play with toys I 'm afraid Buggsy will not last . I am only hoping that he does not become his toy of choice -LRB- all my kids seemed to latch on to that one special toy -RRB- .
 I purchased this for my 2.5 year old for Christmas . She loves them and they are great , however , the pieces are not cut very well and do not fit in the spaces all that great . My daughter can still do the puzzle with a little work , but it 's just poor quality in manufacturing . I can imagine that it could be frustrating for a less patient child . It 's a puzzle and the pieces are supposed to have an exactly fit ... Not these . Educational value is great , though .
 I do like this puzzle set , it teaches visual discrimination , and requires the kid to pay attention to what they are doing and where they are placing the items . However some of the pieces stick inside , and the holders that you grasp are kinda loose . But this seems to be only on the apple puzzle board .
 I recieved the product in a timely manner and the castle was well made and a great toy .
 $ 79.00 for five dolls is , in my opinion a very good price . Shipping was much faster than I expected -LRB- 2 business days -RRB- and the dolls were very well packed -LRB- all five boxes within one box , that box covered in paper and put within another box and taped tightly -RRB- . A very good experience buying from them and given the chance , will buy from them again.My only dislike is that a Sailor Jupiter doll did n't come with it so I need to find that to complete this collection .
 Hi peeps , I just got these in the mail today ! They shipped a day after I ordered them ! It took only three days to get here . Way sooner than expected . It doesnt come with Sailor Jupiter so I ordered her to . I love these they are super durable ! These are a super good price to . I will definitly buy from this seller again ! Peace , love and Sailor Scouts !
 I am a 47-year-old woman who still has the heart of a child . I absolutely love anything Dr. Seuss , but especially The Cat in the Hat . I searched Ebay and other sites and found suffed Cat in Hats but none matched the quality of this one . Fantastic buy - high-quality - GREAT FIND - HIGHLY RECOMMEND !
 This was a gift and at the party everyone was excited and said thay had never seen a Dr. Seuss stuffed animal . Great quality , total hit !!!
 This toy deserves actually a 10 star only because so many other companies make a cheap rip off look-alike using inferior plush and fur . It is surface washable and very durable and I would say safe for all ages due to the whiskers are tight roped strings that can not be easily removed and the eyes are stitched -LRB- not plastic or glass which would fall off -RRB- It 's chennille type fur and very soft/fuzzy . It 's 29 inches from top of hat to feet and its machine washable too b/c I just ran it through the wash no problem which is a sign of a very well made plush piece . It 's a great companion toy to the Dr Seuss books for children . It 's a great piece for any Cat in the Hat collector . I LOVE this particular toy . I truly think this is the best `` toy '' ever on the market whether its Toys R Us or Babies R us ... this is the epitome of the nicest Cat N The Hat . LOVE THIS ITEM . Again there ARE other look-alikes to this toy but this is THEE ONE !
 The stuffed animal came on time and in great shape . My 2 year old niece loved it ! This was a birthday gift along with some Dr. Seuss books featuring Cat In The Hat .
 I bought this product for my neice , and she absolutely loved it . She would n't put it down . The best thing is , I caught her mother carrying him around half the night , saying how soft it was . This is a wonderful product , worth the money , and will not dissapoint !
 This little guy is just great . Like other reviewers have pointed out he is a little floppy , but it 's because he is so darn big . Plus he looks great slumped on the bookshelf . And he 's soft ! So soft . There 's also a ton of detail/character in this plush . I 've never described a stuffed animal as `` detailed '' , but he truly is . From his big floppy hat to his expression and whiskers , to his distinctly Seuss-style fingers and toes and his long curly-ended tail . The character is wonderfully captured in a quality and detail that can not be done justice by the stock photo . Seuss fans young and old will absolutely love this lil ' guy . I 've ordered Horton and Grinch as well .
 I bought the small Cat in the Hat to accompany Cat in the Hat books for an infant . My 5 year old grand-nephew wanted to take it home , when he saw it . I therefore , bought him the bigger one for Christmas . He opened it and said , `` oh , I wanted this . ''
 Glad that we bought the bigger one , he is a pretty good size , great for kids that like the tea party size stuffies . Would definitely suggest this guy .
 It 's big ! we got this for our youngest son because the oldest son had one -LRB- different style -RRB- and they would compete for the &#34; Cat in the Hat &#34; . now the oldest wants to &#34; trade &#34; ... never satisfied .
 I was very happy with the product , They just did not tell you hall tall the iten was & it waas bigger than I expected . Overall I was happy with the product .
 I never actually saw it ; I had it sent directly to my grandson in another state . It was bigger than I 'd imagined , which is fine , and he just loves it . Delivery was fast and product is as described , as far as I can tell .
 I was having a Dr. Seuss baby shower for my daughter and this was a perfect topper for my diaper cake ! The price was very reasonable .
 I purchased this for a baby gift , since the nursery 's theme is Dr.Suess . The couple loved it and appreciated a unique gift . The cat is a nice size , very soft and detailed . As mentioned in other reviews , the head is a little floppy , but not a factor which detracts . I would highly recommend this item - great price for value .
 As with all other Manhattan Toy toys I 've seen , this Cat in the Hat stuffie is simply gorgeous ! high quality , much better looking than the pic . My 3.5 yr daughter LOVES Cat , watches him every day & will be thrilled to have her very own !
 My son takes this toy everywhere he goes , when he watches the Cat in the Hat show , he holds it and talks to him along with the storyline .
 Bought this stuffed toy for my photography business . Really cute ! A little droopy but with a stand it works well . Received this toy quicker than the stated delivery time . I will buy from amazon again !
 My preschool students loved this stuffed animal version of the Cat in the Hat . He is soft and huggable , but has a problem sitting up straight in a preschool-sized chair because he is top-heavy . I stuck a small ruler inside the back of his tie , and this seemed to remedy the problem !
 This was a gift . It is something that we have shared together . It is a reminder to both of us .
 I purchased 50 Counting Bears with Cups for my 3 yr . old . He enjoys the bears ... sorting , counting , completing color patterns . I like that the bears have increased his focus on one activity and have really helped with his developmental therapy . Now my 20-month old enjoys the bears , too . I love the bears !
 I had been thinking for some time of buying `` counting bears '' to help my 3-year-old daughter better connect the math equations she was -LRB- totally on her own -RRB- memorizing , with real-world understanding of counting , adding and subtracting . I only finally took the leap when I noticed that these bears were available with the free Super Saver Shipping.OH , what a wonderful purchase . 50 bears , sturdy and plastic , and they 're quite cute , sitting upright and easily balanced . The bears ' colors are vivid and exactly match the colors of the cups , which are a big part of what separates this toy from others.Let 's face it , kids like to grab things , move them around , arrange them as they see fit , and this is a toy that caters to those impulses . There 's no aspect of `` Here is how you are SUPPOSED to play with this , '' no rules , no narrative , nothing to interfere with good old-fashioned manipulation and experimentation.Almost without fail now -- for several weeks -- my daughter has woken up asking to play with her counting bears . She pours them out on her table , then dutifully sorts them by color , filling in each cup with that color of bear . She hardly needs practice in color recognition or sorting , so at first I thought she might grow bored with this . But I 've been so wrong , her play has only become more involved as she 's repeated the routine . I have n't needed to try to deliberately use these bears to teach elementary math -- they do it themselves . Very soon we were having conversations about the total number of bears -LRB- 50 -RRB- , and then how there were ten bears in each of five colors.She now has me hold open the little plastic bag after each cup is filled , and she comes over and ever-so-purposefully pours each cup 's bears into the bag -- first purple , then blue , then green , then yellow , then red . As she does it , she triumphantly announces the numbers ... `` Now there are ten ! Now there are twenty ! Now there are thirty ! '' This is n't drilling or work for her , it 's purely delighted play . It 's a way for her to organize a little world of her own.I just ca n't say enough about this wonderful toy . Kudos to the makers -- they really did this one right . Simple , unpretentious , but just enough there to delight a young mind .
 The chair is beautiful , but was difficult to put together . The holes are a little off , and some of the angles were n't exactly right , but in the end , we were able to get it together , unlike the first chair we recieved . However , customer service was awesome and sent us the second chair right away , with no problems , so I would definitely do business with them again .
 I bought this rocker for my 3 year old daughter . She loves it ! ... my 2 year old son does too : -RRB- It is as pretty in the picture as it is in person.The only problem I had was a couple of the screws while assembling it did n't fit right . When my husband got home , he had problems getting them in too but eventually we got them in.I highly recommend this rocker .
 Looks great on the wall . Nothing special . Just a cork board . As you know , you pay for the HD name and logo .
 This was a gift for a friend 's son . I thought this was a real unique item for kids and luckily her little boy loved it ! He hung it up right away along with his other Harley Davidson gift . I always knew my friend liked Harley 's and now her son too . The cork board really made his room pop out with his Harley theme items . He really enjoyed posting his pictures up . Sturdy with a great design .
 very diffacult puzzle but fun lots of trees and people all the same color but the picture is a different painting then the one i ordered from amazon either picture is nice either way i would like to have the one also that shows on amazon the one i got in the mail is also from educa the artist is from hendrik van balen but its a very big puzzle several people could work on it it covers a whole dinner table so far i got just a little bit done it will take a couple of months befor its complete .
 This stuffed Thidwick is exactly what I wanted ! Amazingly , it came in only three days , as opposed to the HUGE window of time they told me to expect . Secondly , the seller was right in saying that it was `` like new . '' The only signs of use I think I can see are little gray areas on the otherwise pink nose . If you love Dr. Seuss , this is the perfect addition to your collection of memorabilia .
 I have the Hut part of it up ever since Christmas . I store my sons toys in there when he do n't use them . He loves every bit of this product . He is 2 but was only 18 months when he got it . He learned to use it very quickly . HIGHLY recommend .
 I have two children , 3 and 1.5 years . While the plastic frames bent after a while , the tent and tunnels have been well worth the money . They lasted about 1.5 years before they got bent , which I think is pretty good for 2 active toddlers . I figure most toys do n't last that long for kids that age . The tunnels have shown almost no wear , and I was actually looking for another version of the same brand since we liked the quality of the fabric on this one .
 I got this for my husband for Christmas and he loves it . Our children also love the `` get you car '' -LRB- our 20 months old has a love hate relationship with it -RRB- . The range is fair but it holds up well to crashing into things . Overall it is worth the money for a fun toy .
 This is a high-quality die-cast model , accurate to the real jet and suprisingly heavy for its size . It looks great and sits securely on its stand .
 this Obie was so darn cute and even more soft !! it plays a soft lullaby and would be so comforting to any newborn or baby trying to fall asleep . I was very happy with this buy and the mother-to-be remarked about it many times and I really felt that she held it as one of her favorite gifts .
 We gave this dollhouse to my 3.5-year old daughter as a gift this holiday season . She loved it , mainly the fact that it 's so huge and she can play with her regular dolls in it . However , assembling this dollhouse was a pain - parts were mislabeled , one was broken and one did not fit . Took my husband and I almost 2 hours to put it together . And after only one day the cardboard floors on 2nd and 3rd levels started `` sinking in '' from the weight of the play furniture ! So while my daughter loves this dollhouse , I am dissapointed with the quality and the difficulty of putting it together .
 This dollhouse is very sturdy and can store a great amount of furniture and doll accessories . It was easy to put together and did not take much time to assemble . I would recommend it to anyone .
 I got this dollhouse for my 4 year old and she loves it . It 's well made , colorful and flexible enough that she can move things around and add new furniture and decorations easily . The best part is the `` attic '' which usually contains a variety of treasures and keepsakes that are just out of reach of her little brother.The only negative is that Barbie sized dolls do n't fit that well -LRB- too big -RRB- . We 've not yet been able to find dolls that are quite the right size . We 're still looking though and that in itself is fun for her .
 We purchased this for my 5 year old daughter for Christmas and we could n't be any happier ! The house is tall enough for her Barbies , very sturdy , and easy to assemble -LRB- although needs 2 people for some parts -RRB- . Our daughter loves the bright colors and the attic space . She has played with it daily since Christmas and I can tell it will be in use for several years !
 MY 5 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER LOVES THIS DOLLHOUSE , SHE USES IT FOR HER GROOVY GIRLS . IT IS TALLER THEN SHE IS SO SHE WILL BE ENJOYING IT FOR A LONG TIMESHE CAN ACTUALLY CURL UP AND FIT IN THE LOWEST FLOOR!IT TOOK SOME TIME TO PUT TOGETHER BUT i DID N'T HAVE ANY PROBLEMSIT WAS A GREAT CHRISTMAS PRESENT AND SHE AND HER OLDER SISTER PLAY WITH IT EVERY DAY
 Be careful ! My daughter saw this box before she was suppose to because they did n't bother to put it in another box . She loves it though . It was alittle time consuming to put together , but I think the over all quality of it is pretty good . Especially the furniture .
 This is a wonderful dollhouse for little -LRB- and big -RRB- girls . My daughters are 5 years apart and both love to play with this together . I was surprised at how big it actually is when put together . It 's exceptionally colorful -LRB- which kids love -RRB- , and has nice room detail . The fact that it 's made for any 12 '' doll is especially nice , as we all have plenty of these around the house . The house is sturdy and the furniture pieces are made of wood -LRB- and some material -RRB- and are of very good quality . The bed is actually padded , and the drawers open . The frame of the house is wood , but the room dividers/backs are made of a cardboard type material . Still , they are sturdy.It is , however , very time consuming to put together . Give yourself plenty of time before `` gift giving '' to have it ready to go . Get a helper - much easier !! One of the cardboard back pieces was slightly too large , so I just `` trimmed '' it a bit . No other problems . The price is n't bad either .
 I love this dollhouse and so do my 2 girls -LRB- ages 3 and 6 -RRB- . It is so versatile because you can use anything from a Barbie to a Groovy Girl to a Bratz doll . They are constantly using it with different dolls . It is large enough for 12 '' dolls . When I bought it , a review said it was great but kind of hard to put together . It does come in quite a few pieces , but I really had no trouble -LRB- and I put it together all by myself -RRB- . There are only a few times when an extra set of hands would have been helpful . Two people would have absolutely no trouble at all !
 After seeing many other doll houses in the toy stores , I was disappointed in their size , many being made of plastic , and furniture not included.This doll house is well-built , comes with a lot of furniture , and is a great size for my daughter -LRB- 5 years old -RRB- . I love that it fits regular , 12 '' barbies , and that the top opens . In addition , it was very easy to put together.If I would suggest an improvement of this product for the future , it would be that it would include stairs from one floor to the next .
 The review I read had said this was difficult to put together . But I did not find it hard at all . My four year old loved it ! It is big enough for every doll , horse , and stuffed animal ! Everyone lives in this house . It is perfect !
 Even though I had to put this house together on my own since my husband is deployed , it was n't as difficult as I thought it would be . It took me maybe an hour . I also had that piece that seemed to big , but when I loosened the screws on the sides a little it fit.This is a huge dollhouse , I was surprised . My daughter got it today for Christmas and has been raving about it to her family members over the phone . The furniture is real wood and very good quality . It 's so colorful and big . We are very happy with this . What a nice toy to have for a little girl . My daughter is 6 y/o and loves it . I think I might buy some of the groovy girl furniture for it just to add on to it . The groovy girl dolls and the Barbie dolls both fit well in the house .
 I bought this dollhouse for my 5 year old granddaughter for Christmas and it was a big hit ! Everyone in the family plays dolls with her with it . I highly recommend this product . The quality is excellent and it looks like it will last forever . I am very pleased with my purchase and it was a great deal !
 My husband ordered this for my daughter while he was over in Iraq . It was a surprise for all of us to get this . However , it is perfect ! She plays with this for hours and she loves that it came with furniture ! It is very sturdy and the attic is a bonus to put her Barbies & Bratz away , out of sight ! I would reccommend this for every little girl !
 it 's amazing - my daughter was so excited - and it was n't really that hard to put together . I would suggest going thru the pictures and sorting the pieces by page , if you are putting it together solo.it 's very large though - bigger than i pictured . I had to rearrange her room a bit more to make room , but her joy was worth it !
 This is a great product . The wood seems very sturdy . I had no one to help put this together . So my advice is to have patience and take your time . If something does n't seem like it is fitting from the instruction manual , make sure to look at the picture on the box . Some reason I could not figure out the wood spacers and happen to look at the pic on the box and it was clear as can be . Also , some advice . . use the boxes the doll furnature comes in -LRB- long ways -RRB- to hold things up as it gets screwed together . My 3 yr old daughter has played with this every chance she has got . It also comes with doll furnature . This is totally cute and bigger than you expect . It 's great !
 Easy to put together and my dauter has not stopped playing with it . Came with great furniture and a great deal for the money too .
 very authentic product by Hasbo.This reproduction of the 1960s gi joe is amazing.The demand has never been higher for Gi Joe 12 inch action figures.I just started collecting a few months ago , and i am very amazed at how many products that are in the Gi Joe collection!The timeless # 2 sailor is in my collection and ill continue to build onto my collection for years to come .
 The price on this game was amazing ... . I was very surprised at the condiion of this `` used '' product . Being a board game , with paper componenets , I was shocked that nothing was torn , ripped , or frayed . I will be buying more from this vendor again .
 Able to play different games . For the dominoe is perfect holds the pieces the right way also cups are allowed without being in the middle . Nice investment . Not expensive .
 This table is definitely worth the money . I really like it and it was very cheap .
 I got this teething ring for my baby girl a month ago when she was 3 and 1/2 months old . Her ability to grab and hold on to this toy has vastly improved over the past few weeks . It 's design makes it easy for her to grab with both hands . It 's such a joy to see her little face light up when I hand her the bumble bee ! She loves it !!! It 's cotton and washable and gentle on her gums . I would highly recommend this toy .
 I was impressed by the quality of the board . Heavy , well made , and looks nice . Too bad I 'm no good at playing Go .
 I have n't had this very long , so I ca n't comment on how durable it is , but it 's very beautiful , and a good size for playing . Having both 19x19 and 13x13 means you can choose between a short fast game and a longer game depending on what you are feeling interested in . Great value for the price . : - -RRB-
 It was scratched and the corner chipped before I played my first game . For the amount I paid I expected a bit more durability . But , it is pretty and sturdy and will probably never warp .
 I bought this as a gift and do n't know much about the game of Go myself , but I can see that the board is of nice quality and the recipient was quite happy with it .
 I am giving this 5 stars mostly because it is exactly what I expected . It is a good quality GO board and the bamboo wood work seem to be well done . I got this a week ago and the only one thing I can not account for is the lacquer quality . Hope this will pass the time test . Very good board overall .
 Perfectly fit Yunzi Stones 9.2 mm . It looks like robust and reliable but I have not tried to do crash test for it . Together with Yunzi Stones it creates atmosphere of aesthetic pleasure during Go game .
 I am fascinated by this game . I am not very good at it yet . If you are sufficiently interested in this game , I would recommend this board . It is a great value .
 As a novice at go game I was looking for a set to play , good quality yet affordable . This board is no doubt a good start -- affordable , superb quality , very solid and durable . Its satin surface just makes you wish to touch it and tactile sensation is very pleasant . The drawing on the surface is also quite good -- lines are clear and accurate . I would highly recommend this board to anyone looking for a good go board to start .
 If you want to experience play on a real board -LRB- as opposed to playing on the computer -RRB- , this is a great board to start with . It 's a good full sized board but also has the benefit of the 13x13 board on the back . Great for quick or beginner games . The style of play on a 9x9 board is so significantly different from 19x19 , but 13x13 helps close that gap nicely . Board is as described and quite sturdy . My main recommendation to get this board over another is if you feel you 'd have a need for the 13x13 board , either for quick play or for beginners . That makes this a perfect board for clubs and as a teaching tool.The lines are pretty solid and straight . They are durable and do not seem to smudge or come off on my stones at all -LRB- using the yunzi stones sold by the same vendor -LSB- they go quite nicely with it -RSB- Yunzi Stones 9.2 mm Jujube Bowls for Go Board Game Sets -RRB- . Book included was a freebie -LRB- though helpful for beginners -RRB- , so do n't give the book any weight in your decision on buying this board . This board has the above mentioned wonderful aspects to buy this board.The board I had before this was a cheap one I bought from a game shop long ago that was 19x19 on a 12 '' x 12 '' board with small plastic stones . Play is much easier and enjoyable on a real board . Also so much easier to place stones on a standard sized board . For the price , this is a great buy . -LRB- $ 40 at time of review -RRB-
 The board itself is very flat and stiff , as you would expect from an engineered bamboo product . The finish is somewhat scratchable , and very slippery . I suspect this board is not going to wear like solid wood , but I have not had it very long yet . That 's okay , though , I got it for the playroom , so that the kids do n't have to trash my good Go board . The 13x13 side is very useful for the beginners in the house . It 's a good board for the price.Just one complaint , the lines are not raised , as they would be on a traditional board . The cheap printing is probably what makes the board so affordable , though , so this is not a serious gripe . Just so that your expectations are realistic
 I decided on a whim one day to start playing Go . I had never played before and never picked up a rulebook . But the game looked appealing to me , so I randomly bough this Go board and a cheap set of plastic stones . Having played Go now for a few months and encountering other players with other high quality boards -LRB- we 're talking hundreds of dollars here -RRB- , this is a great board for first time or occasional players . It looks nice and makes good for a table top or decoration when not being player . The only downside is its durability . Because it is made of bamboo , the board dents rather easily , even from slight bumps on table edges , so much care has to be taken . But still , given the price , this is a really nice board to have . I would recommend it .
 Got this for my brother for his birthday , along with stones which I bought separately . We both really enjoy it , and so has anyone else who has played on it or even seen it . It just feels right to play the game on a bamboo board . We only started playing Go after getting this board , and I have to say that if you do n't mind spending a little bit extra for quality 's sake , you 'll be getting a great deal .
 You can use it with the sixe 3 stones that are normally listed together with the boardHi-tech Antibacterial Indestructible Single Convex Go Stones - 22 mm -LRB- Size 3 -RRB- . I figure newbies would like to know that . Experts probably already knew.Overall this board is heavy -LRB- you could give someone a concussion with it kind of heavy -RRB- , nicely finished , and beautiful . It 's a luxurious board , that really should command a much higher price . The booklet is very basic , so I highly recommended getting a book to go along with it . I suggestGo
 I purchased a Go game as a requested gift for my son . The range of choices made the decision of which board to buy difficult . In the end , I sent links to him and let him choose . A plus for this board is that it includes two game board sizes - one on the front and one on the back . Apparently , the smaller grid on one side produces a simpler game . After reading reviews , I was cognizant of the quality of the board . I checked the board carefully and did not notice any problems . I am pleased with the choice .
 I saw a state park ranger using this product in a presentation on birds of our area . I was amazed at the clarity of this portable device . I found the same item used by the ranger on Amazon and ordered one . The two cards included with the Birdsong Identiflyer were birds found in my area . Other bird catagory cards can be ordered . I have taken this to a long-term care facility and the residents enjoyed hearing the various bird sounds along with the picture of the bird they were listening to . It was very easy for them to use and brought a smile to many faces . It would be an excellent tool for teaching young children about wildlife in our yards .
 I purchased this item as a gift for a person working with children on nature projects . The quality is excellent and it is a terrific resource for identifying bird calls . The assortment of cards available for the identifier is extensive . You should purchase the case as well because it protects the identifier and also serves as a container for the various cards .
 This was to replace one that broke after being dropped . Our grandson loves it and knows quite a few bird sounds even at only 2 years old .
 Product received very quickly after ordering . Product was as stated and is fun to use . We are enjoying identifying the bird sounds we have been hearing near our home .
 we bought this item at a bird refuge . it instantly engaged our kids in the adventure -LRB- we are definitely urban -RRB- . as we saw birds , we found them on the cards , listened to the calls , and then indentified them in nature . and other times we heard calls and then listened thru the cards until we found the matching bird sound.i think we eeked out another hour in the park with our 6/9 year olds due to this item . as well , they now quiz each other -LRB- when not fighting over it -RRB- , and have become much more aware of the bird calls around them.this will add fun to your family ... and there is a volume control for those car tips ! i highly recommend buying as many cards as you can since 3 is really not enough . and the frog calls are a hit as well .
 I 've had my Birdsong Identiflier for a few years now and it works great especially with Chickadees And Cardinals that frequent my feeder . Warblers and other birds are a little harder to attract , but I have had luck with some rare birds . The bird calls are accurate and awesome and it 's just great listening to them on their own to get to know a birds call.My only complaints are the prices for the cards which I wish were a little less expensive . And for some reason some of the bird songs I have are too low to really attract the bird . Maybe they can release a louder microphone someday . But all in all I have enjoyed this wonderful product .
 I 've had one of these for years and have been collecting the cards , and have enjoyed every minute ! Some of my friends kids went bonkers over this gizmo and so I decided to give some out for Christmas presents . They were ecstatic - and the quality is still there!I see complaints about the sound , but I feel I must include some trouble shooting tips for those that may occasionally run into this .1 . Sometimes pressing on the clear plastic face plate will improve the card contact .2 . Taking a pencil eraser to the card contacts of the chip will clean the surface .3 . Remove and replacing the card by sliding it in and out quickly will improve contact with the card chip.These do n't have to be done very often , but it nearly works every time , I say nearly because occasionally simply repeating these operations will clear up the contacts , and improve the sound too ! It just makes sense that digital sound will suffer if there is not a clear contact with the memory source.My unit is getting pretty old , and I 've yet to have a failed card . The sound is so clear , that birds can hear it and will respond . I believe it is the birders creed to not disturb the natural environment of the birds you are identifying , so I do n't do it so loudly and often as to irritate the birds into thinking a challenger is invading their territory.I really love this device , everything about it , from the ergonomic design , to the color and carrying case . Be sure and shut it off when not in use , to save batteries . I 've had batteries last for months of occasional use . I ca n't wait to get the new one that has 220 or so , built in memory of bird songs and pictures . The new device has a video screen , and huge memory for even more education and fun!I am not affiliated with any merchant or manufacturer , I am just enthusiastic for products that deserve honorable mention . I LOVE my Birdsong Identiflyer !!!
 This is a great gift for everyone , but especially someone who has trouble reading , concentrating or retaining information in traditional ways . I got it for an 88 year old friend with Alzheimer 's Disease as a birthday gift after agonizing over what would be an appropriate gift . It is wonderful because it is easy to use , brings joy `` in the moment '' and can be enjoyed over and over again ; also a great activity for those who can not get outdoors as it brings the outside in . For children , a great educational toy for teaching them to recognize not only various birds but also their songs and calls . My one year old granddaughter and six year old grandson play with it often , each enjoying the sounds and learning it offers at their individual developmental levels .
 We had this item many many years ago , kept it on a windowsill . Eventually the battery rusted out , and it no longer worked , so we bought another . Lots of fun to see the bird and be able to hear and identify its song . If we had n't enjoyed it so much we would n't have replaced it .
 I bought one of these for myself a few years back -LRB- price then was $ 65 -RRB- & I 've enjoyed it immensely ! I bought this one for my niece who 's 8 & developing an interest in birds . It 's easy for her to operate . She sees birds in the yard & can push a button to associate the call with the bird.It 's a good size , too . Fits in the pocket.A friend of mine bought one to identify the `` Croaker '' -LRB- frog -RRB- in her yard . You can buy this , then buy extra cards as future gifts .
 I recommend this as a gift for bird-watchers of all ages . My 2-year-old grandchild adores it even more than my mom !
 ordered this because i collect beanie babies and its adorable ! i say this is a must-have for anyone who loves stuffed animals or beanie babies . This plush was an exclusive at Walgreen 's . The item was as described , it 's brown with the silver hershey kiss chocolate with the `` 100 years '' banner hanging off of it . There are also two more to this collection
 This bear is one-of-a-kind and is in conjunction with the 100th Anniversary of the Hershey 's Kiss and Hershey 's in general . This bear , along with Hugsy and Kisses , make up the set of 3 TY Beanie Baby Bears and these were sold at Walgreens . These are hard-to-find bears . Great for your collection or to start one .
 I want to start by saying I have a couple of fx sabers -LRB- all of them except for Luke 's and Yoda 's -RRB- and I never thought I would buy this one . I felt the design looked too much like Luke 's to spend a hundred dollars on both , but I ended up getting a very good deal on the Obi Wan saber this past weekend and I couldnt resist . Acutually I did resist , but I think the clerk used a Jedi mind trick on me . I ended up buying mine for $ 80 . As soon as I put the batteries in it and lit it up , this saber instantly became my favorite . I was in a dim lit bedroom and the Obi saber lit up the entire room with its blue glow . I read alot of reviews about how the amount of batteries a fx saber takes determines the brightness of the blade and the volume of the effects . I did compare this saber with the vader , darth maul , and mace windu ones and the blades look like they 're shinning with the same brightness ... I think the color of the blades is making the difference . The blue ones light up the room better then the darker colors of red and purple , no different than a white light bulb that lights a room better than a red light bulb of the same voltage . Each hilt is designed differently , so the sound comes out differently in each one . This is a very satifsying collectors item or toy for any star wars fan . Again , the Obi Wan is my favorite so far , but I did just buy it so ... just take my word that they are all worth the $ 90 - $ 100 price tag .
 These new FX Lightsabers are so cool and worth the money !!! -LRB- Under $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- I play with the lightsaber all the time with my daughter and nephews who use my other FX Lightsaber , YES I own 2 of these GREAT ITEMS !!! The sounds , look , and feel of these Lighsabers are so real and authentic to the movies . When these `` Lazer Swords '' strike one another the make the exact sounds as they did in the BEST story of all times , The Star Wars Saga 1-6 . When I took a picture of myself with my Lightsabers and sent them to my nephews , who are 6 and 11 years old they thought I had gotten them from The Star Wars movie itself , THAT 'S HOW REAL THEY LOOK !!! To conlude this review , this item is a great gift for your favorite Star Wars fan and a great purchase for any Rabid Star Wars Fan and it only takes 3 , YES count em THREE double A batteries , and you also get a stand that you can mount to the wall and put up and take down your Lightsaber at will !!! How cool is that ?!!! If you buy this HAVE FUN BECAUSE I KNOW YOU WO N'T BE ABLE TO PUT IT DOWN , I KNOW I CA N'T !!!!!!!!!
 i have all the master replicas , and this one is something more of a must have for me , because tof ben kenobi 's legend . the weapon looks like so durable , and its hold style is cool , but the sounds are not that impressive like vader 's , but still a `` must '' purchase for jedi knights , may the force be with us all !!!
 This is my fifth Force FX lightsaber . Its beautiful but a bit heavy . The sound is very muffled and the hilt it a bit too thick to be accurate . Although its my favorite design , the Luke Skywalker Green lightsaber is much better . Its the brightest and loudest I have out of the Ep .2 and Ep .3 Anakin , Darth Vader , and this Obi Wan . If your a huge Obi Wan fan like myself its great , but if your not on a Star Wars kick when you get it your likely to be a bit disappointed as I was .
 They -LRB- I also bought a Vader red -RRB- live up to what I expected . The red is n't as bright as the blue one , as expected , but it still looks very good , especially in low light . I took a video in regular and very low lighting . On my machine , they really stand out . On my video they actually look like special effects ! In the really low light , on video , they look like the movie.The hilts are solid metal , nice looking , and seem very durable . The sound effects are good . Impact sound is almost to real-time . Very good . Light-up and down effects look great . Overall I am pretty impressed . You pay for it , though . I thought I got a bargain and still paid in $ 80s for them . Still a good $ 20 - $ 30 less than retail , even after 2-day shipping .
 I bought this as a gift for my brother who presided over my wedding . It 's pretty cool . The sound effects are great and it 's pretty durable . It looks particulary spectacular in a darkened room . He has two kids and they have n't broken it yet . I do wish the handle was all real metal , but whatever .
 WE ARE GIVING THIS PARTICULAR SET TO MY GRANDDAUGHTER FOR EASTER . HOWEVER , SHE HAS 2 OTHER SETS OF GEARS , GEARS , GEARS AND THEY ARE VERY COOL . SHE IS 7 AND IN THE GIFTED PROGRAM AT SCHOOL AND VERY VERY GOOD AT FOLLOWING DIRECTIONS AND ASSEMBLING THE MINATURE LEGOS PROJECTS . HOWEVER , SHE HAS HAD A DIFFICULT TIME IN FIGURING OUT HOW TO SUCCESSFULLY ASSEMBLE THE GEARS . ONCE SHE DOES FIGURE IT OUT , SHE LOVES IT.THE CHALLENGE IS VERY GOOD FOR A CHILD BECAUSE IT MAKES THEM REALLY REALLY THINK ABOUT HOW THINGS GO TOGETHER AND IT ALSO TEACHES PATIENCE AND TO &#34; NEVER GIVE UP ! &#34;
 this is a cute , very colorful toy . Not sure how much my grandson will enjoy it as I got it for his birthday . Looks like lots of fun , appears to be durable -LRB- he can break lots of things -RRB- . it came very quickly and in excellent condition . I would recommend this toy . I bought it for a 5 year old that used to love a gears toy that his speech therapist let him play with . the only reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is because he has not received it yet .
 Sculpey clay is great ! The picture makes it look like there is more clay in the package than there really is though , be aware .
 Benders are plastic coated shapes and figures that represent everything from Dinosaurs and Farm Animals to People . They are great fun for the 8-70 year old crowd . My family has given the different types as presents or stocking stuffers for years.This is the Stegosaurus . He is a golden color more than yellow . You can move his head , tail and feet . He is currently he being chased across the top of my fridge by the Caveman . Great fun for all.Be careful though if you do repeated bending quickly as with any wire it will snap : -LRB- Packaging for the dino line is also fun . They come in an egg shaped container .
 I bought this for my boyfriend for Valentine 's day . We met while looking for Orangutans in the Sumatran jungle , so I thought it would be appropriate . He loved it !
 My child did a report in school on oragutans so when I saw this I had to get it for her . I put it in her stocking for christmas and told her Santa must of been really impressed by her report -LRB- she got an A -RRB- She loved it !
 This album was my all time favorite record at Christmas time when i was a boy . I wish someone would release this on Cd .
 This was a record I listened to every year as a child . I had all the songs and stories practically memorized . So nice to listen down memory lane !
 Revell 's model of the Ford F1 truck is a good representation of this legendary work horse of trades people and the man on the land.This model accurately portrays it in a modified ` hot rod ' role and although possibly not as well known as it 's F100 ` brother ' the type lends itself equally well to being modified by enthusiasts . While not so many examples of this truck found their way across the Pacific to Australia as the F100 , the examples that are in existence have come up very well in both restorations and modifications by keen owners.I found this model to to be clean and free from flash and well detailed ; the kit can be built straight from the box into an excellent replica of the real machine , I do some slight modifications to my models by giving them custom paint jobs and converting them to Right Hand drive . The parts fit together well and the assembly instructions are easy to follow and helpful.In summary a well presented model kit of this classic truck , well detailed and with enough scope to allow a great deal of additional modification and presentation . Well done , Revell !
 I was dreading putting together this cradle on Christmas Eve , thinking it would keep me up all night . Luckily , I was pleasantly surprised when I opened the box and realized how easy it was ! Put it together in about 3 minutes , and it is just perfect . My daughter loves it . The design is beautiful , and the craftsmanship is excellent . I will buy another product in a heartbeat !
 I was hoping for 72 different figurines , but there are around 10 - 12 unique figurines that you receive multiples of . The quality is as expected . For the price , I 'm not really dissatisfied , I was just hoping for more uniques for my purpose .
 We got this game for my boys , ages 8 and 10 . It 's a great concept
 My son asked for this for his birthday . Blocks are nice and smooth and come with many cards to build shapes . This toy is like a 3D tangram . However , if you are not very good at spacial tasks -LRB- like me -RRB- this will be very hard for you , I could barely do the easiest cards .
 Gave this to our grand-daughter at age 5 . She is gifted but was just not that interested in it at that age . Now at age 7 , she plays with it by the hour . It has multiple levels of difficulty so even the adults can play . It is very challenging but a lot of fun .
 Our five and seven year old kids enjoy this toy . It 's different enough to keep them entertained and it gets their mind active as they try to figure out how to make the different shapes .
 Purchased for my children for Christmas . They will play with these for hours , and I love to watch them figure out the many different ways you can assemble the blocks . Very educational - one of my favorite purchases !
 I have used this ball bag daily in our indoor baseball facility , as well as a ball bag for our games . I have had the bag for over a year and it has held up to an enormous amount of use . Quality bag and a good value .
 A great little HO scale model car which looks great on my model train layout . It is well made and the colors are muted and realistic . No need for weathering here . The usual top of the line from Woodland Scenics .
 Very realistic anteater stuffed toy bought as a Christmas present . Was a big hit with the boy that recd . the gift .
 If you 're looking for a white headboard , this is it ! Reasonably priced and sturdy . I had ordered another `` white '' headboard from another manufacturer and it was not truly white . This one looks great with the paint color Swiss Coffee by Behr , and anything whiter than that .
 I bought this kite to fly with my 3 1/2 year daughter . It is a simple set-up and easy to fly . She loved it ! The only thing I would add to the system is one of those swivels you use for fishing . When letting out the line , the string can get twisted up . This solved the problem .
 It was for my 5years old son and it was my best meaningful gift about 20years ago.My son loves it as I loved.Almost same price as 20 years ago . &#34; May be lower price with inflation &#34;
 We have 2 inflatable sleeping bags for our girls ages 4 & 7 -LRB- 1 princess & 1 care bears -RRB- and we use them regularly . They are light weight so the girls can move them around & take them to friends or relatives houses for sleep-overs . The bag is easy to inflate & the cover is removable so you can toss it into the washing machine . It 's a bit of a struggle to get an already inflated bag back into the cover once it has been washed and since it takes some effort to inflate the bag so we do n't deflate it after each use . Our girls have twin beds so we slide the inflated sleeping bag under the bed until we need it . This storage spot also helps keep all sorts of other toys from `` hiding '' under little girls beds too ! The zipper works well so our 4 year old does not have any problems using it & the bag is long enough with plenty of room for our 7 year old . We are very pleased with these inflatable sleeping bags .
 Durable material , fairly easy to clean -LRB- need to remove outer cover -RRB- , pump included works well enough -LRB- takes a bit of patience , though kids can help -RRB- and comes in pretty handy for sleep overs , or a camp out in the living room !
 My daughter received this sleeping bag for Christmas -LRB- ' 06 -RRB- . She really likes it and loved sleeping in it at Grandpa 's house . My only complaint is that it is squeaky loud when she moves at night and woke me up every time . It 's a very light weight sleeping bag which is really good for indoor sleeping . And a huge bonus is it does n't hold dog hair !
 This is a must have for your child ! It is very funny and your kid will love it . Great product !
 My 3 month old son loves to look at this rattle very color full , keeps his attention making him smile and talk for quite a while a good buy .
 This is a very enjoyable game , and you will literally be playing 10min after opening the box . I play this game with my 3 sons ages 13 , 9 , and 7 and they enjoy it immensely . You can play with just one box set , but the additional sets add more options . This game gives you a great opportunity to spend time with your children and teach them some history . I 've found that as I get older I 'm not as interested in complicated games as I used to be ; and while this game is simple , it 's engaging enough to keep all four of us interested for hours .
 This game is one of the most enjoyable games I have played in a long time . I usually play it with my friends , but I recently taught it to my eleven year old son , and even he has fun with it . It is easy to learn and easy to play , and lots of fun.I have also bought some of the miniatures -LRB- which come with additional maneuver decks -RRB- , but honestly , I have not had a problem with just playing with the basic set prior to that . Usually two of my friends play Allied planes -LRB- an A deck and a C deck -RRB- and another friend and I play the other two planes -LRB- the B and D decks -RRB- . They combine well , so one manuever deck each is fine , so the game is complete .
 Although I picked up the recent Dawn of War -LRB- which covers earyly WW2 NOT WW1 -RRB- , the rules are essentially the same . The components are high quality , though the manuever cards are small by my feel , but their size influences the gameboard needed . In essence , this is a miniatures ` lite ' game . There are no dice , you either have lined up your shot and do damage -LRB- random , so it might be a lot , little or none -RRB- or you are still manuevering for the shot . A game is short , 20 minutes once you get the basic rules down which you will after one game.I have played TSR 's Dawn Patrol -LRB- or FitS , to its players -RRB- and there are similarities of different type planes having different manuever characteristics . WoW certainly simplifies it , hence the ` lite ' description . A FitS game can last a couple hours depending on how hairy it gets while this is MUCH shorter.Yes , the games restrict how many manuever decks you get -LRB- lettered A , B , C & D -RRB- . You will likely need/want to get a couple of the minature planes , which include another appropriate deck . I will likely play it with at most 4 people with 2-3 more likey . Even if you buy the minitures , I can not see this being any cheaper than Aerodrome -LRB- which I had never heard of before , but then read up on it -RRB- . To me , Aerodrome seems much more like a convention game where a small group of people bring in all their models and then Game Master many rounds over the course of the weekend . Aerodrome does sound like it would be fun , but it does not sound like something you break out and play like WoW . WoW is more of a beer & pretzels variety -LRB- Aerodrome sounds much more serious -RRB- , quick setup , quick play , quick gaming fix satisfied . Both games fill their niche , they are just different niches.I used to get together with FitS players about once a month , but that has faded into the past . Too many people to schedule free time with . I like my games fun now and less rules and exceptions -LRB- I want to be playing rather than referencing a finer point in the manual -RRB- . The Basic Rules in WoW are about 4 pages with about 6 pages of optional rules . If the Axis & Allies crowd needs a diversion or something different , this is the level of game for them .
 Wings of War is an excellent and simple game for two or more players to re-create the drama of World War 1 air combat.The game is very easy to play Simply choose your maneuvers and move your plane per the maneuver chosen . If your enemies are in range and within your arc of fire , you shoot . If your total damage exceeds the max of your plane you are shot down.No board is needed any flat surface will do . This adds portability.The one weakness of the game is the ease to accidentally move the planes on the table , this can effect game play on close calls . I would suggest the use of theWings of War
 This game is great basic game to get the ` feel ' of what it was like to fly a fighter plane in WWI without too many rules to memorize .
 Great fun . Even if you are not interested in WW I dogfights , it 's just a good game experience .
 My daughter loved all these lizards ! Great service as always : -RRB- Jo Segarra
 I was very pleased with this lemur stuffed animal . Not only is it soft and cuddly but it is colored like its living representative .
 This deluxe version of the killer rabbit is the best Monty Python `` toy '' there is ! The light-up eyes are the best feature and the fur is very plush and soft . My little kids are both enamored and afraid of it !
 My husband bought this wonderfully scary killer rabbit as a gift for valentines day knowing how much I LOVE Monty Python . It 's a well-made stuffed toy with glowing eyes and fearsome teeth . Thankfully the mouth will velcro shut if the teeth are too intimidating . I got to appreciate the gift for 5 minutes before my cat pounced on it and claimed it as his own true love ! This toy is so durable that it has now withstood several years of his ` intimate caress ' -LRB- you know what I mean , Nudge Nudge ! -RRB- . I would post a video review , but that might not be suitable for small children . Overall top notch quality and a great gift for any MP fan of any age -LRB- or species -RRB- .
 My sons are devoted fans of the Killer Rabbits produced by Toy Vault . This was the only one they had n't got , and they are delighted to have it now . It is suitably ferocious , like all the others , and best of all , it has flashing red eyes for an added touch of fearsomeness . I only bought them one , hoping they would share it , but they fight over it so much I will probably have to buy them another one .
 I bought this rabbit for my younger son , after he saw the one I got for my grown son . This one , though , has light up eyes . It is very soft , and has taken its ' place among the other ` stuffies ' that live on his bed . At night , this one goes into the playroom on a red chair , though , because he is just a little bit afraid of it .
 This rabbit not only looks like the one from Monty Python and the Holy Grail , it also has light up eyes ! Very soft and well consturcted
 Exactly as shown in the picture . A bit expensive but worth the extra money .
 I 'm just starting my Ty collection and I love anything that has to do with aviation so the Red Bearon bear was a no-brainer . The little button on his chest says 100 years of flight .
 It 's hard to find a good stuffed siamang . This one is wonderful . FYI , siamangs are NOT monkies , they are apes .
 As an avid Batman fan , I had to get Harley because I am an avid Joker fan as well ! She shipped perfectly packaged and the details are amazing !
 I bought the same one under $ 20.00 brand new from a jewelry channel . It is Mother of Pearl with 14K gold longitude and lattitude .
 i got it fast and just in time to ship it to my friend for xmas . she loved it . that made even happier .
 a good display peice for anyone who loves the anime series . All in all a good representation of kenshin himura that is a must for any fan .
 Seeing how I 'm starting up a anime figurine collection , I went ahead and got this one with some pocket change on impulse . I love Kenshin , so of course I love this figurine . The eyes are n't too visible under the bangs , and on his neck there 's a faintly visible bit of paint from when whoever or whatever was painting his orange hair . But as far as mass-produced figurines go , this one 's as expected . The pose and detailed billowing sleeves and legs of his historical Japanese gi are pretty sweet , as is the detachable sword . Elegant when sitting on your shelf amongst all your manga , dvds , video games , and other stuff . I 'm not sure how much fun a child would get out of playing with it , though , since it 's not posable or anything , but I know I would have liked having this when I was 14 and really into the TV series .
 This knight was my first item in the middle ages . The knights were the strongest force in this time period . This knight is for play and display . I got this at a mall . I bought this with a chain mail horse . There was no armored horses for my knight . Other then that , this knight will fight to the end . I hope this will help you find a well-trained foot solder.P.S . buy a horse for this knight , it is more fun .
 My 7 year old loved this kit to go along with her brand new microscope -LRB- along with the entire family -RRB- Only thing it was missing was the glue to adhere the top plates to make permanent slides .
 We got this for our nine year old daughter for Christmas because she has a budding interest in science . We purchased the book , microscope slide kit and microscope together and are very pleased by the product and quality . The entire family has been doing experiements and love using all of the items together . A great starter kit for a child .
 I got this kit for my 6 year old grand daughter because she is curious but her serroundings so I got it because I bought a top of the line microscope at a yard sale and she asked me what it was for so I told her so we could do some exploring into nature and we have been having fun sence it is a good tool to teach our young about how things work in nature I give it a thumbs up
 A very good starter for those who are just getting into using their microscope . They can observe just about anything under the microscope at a diverse number of powers . Goggles , slides , labels etc. ... good value
 My grandsons are home-schooled and this slide making kit has been a bonus in helping them explore their country woods , fields and ponds .
 for use with kids , its great , able to expand their minds and make interesting at same time , recommend for middle school kids .
 It is a very good kit for preparing slides . I received the item in great condition and quite fast , thanks to the seller.For users I would suggest to be there when your kid will be making them , and wear safety gloves . Have fun !
 Good companion to the microscope I purposed . My son is enjoying this very much . Enjoying creating new slides and studying them .
 I have n't seen the product but my god-daughter ca n't stop using it !!! I will be ordering more from this company . Thanks !!
 Plan to give this to my son as a followup to the microscope when he is ready to make his own slides .
 The slide making kit was just what I was looking for . Shown very well in the add . The description was very accurate . Shipping was fast as well very happy .
 This kit arrived quickly after orderingand was packaged nicely . This kit is perfect for that beginning explorer of the micro world .
 Great kit to get our oldest to go with his new microscope for Christmas . He is excited to get started .
 This is a wonderful kit for the child who wants to make slides to use with a microscope . Great for children 8 or above .
 Bought this for my 6 year old granddaughter - to go with a microscope we bought for her . She is very in to science . She was very excited and wanted to work with it immediately . It is a great starter kit .
 Ahhhh , we have a microscope , my granddaughter loves our time together using this . She is six.One day while looking at the pollen from a tulip ... she said . . '' This must be another world ... like Alabama ! Her good friend from school had just moved to Alabama and because she was trying to grasp and deal with the idea of her friend being gone ... `` as far away as the moon '' it may has well have been to `` infinity and beyond '' ... in her mind.We have used the kits I ordered and bought at a speciality store . Looked at everything from our hair to MY blood and it is magic for me , as well as `` SHE '' ! Please when you buy a child a gift like this ... realize that things must be enjoyed together and with supervision . You ca n't just hand something over and expect them to learn on their own until they are ready . So if you do n't have the time ... -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- your loss -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- do n't waste your money until they are older and do n't wish to share `` anything with you `` They dye is toxic ... younger kids need supervision . Try the dye on onion skins or fibers it makes the detail much better . I bought her the duo scope ... look at my reviews on the other `` thing '' that looks like a computer screen . DO NOT BUY ... it is awfulllllllllllll ! Willow
 This is a wonderful aproach to science . I still have n't figured out what all the chemicals are for , but looking at anything I can find is cool . Try preparing an onion speciman . Their cells are quite large . It is nice to be able to use the slides over again .
 I bought this kit for my 12 yr old daughter for Christmas and she loves it . It comes with some prepared slides and plenty of slides for her to make on her own . It was a good addition to her microscope .
 I purchased this item for my son as a Christmas present to accompany his new microscope . I was amazed at everything we found inside when we opened it . It is a very complete kit . I would not purchase it for a younger child , though , as I 'm going to need to carefully monitor my advanced 6 year old with it . However , he is really enjoying making the slides and getting to see what things look like up close .
 This is a good kit . It would be better if it included a slicer .
 THIS SLIDE KIT IS GREAT FOR BEGINNERS . IT COMES WITH A FEW PREPARED SLIDES AS WELL AS THE ONES KIDS CAN MAKE FOR THERE SELF AND THE PRICE IS GOOD . COMES WITH EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO GET STARTED .
 This product is a good for a person who likes to explore their minds . Bought this for my nephew who like to learn with their new microscope .
 This purchase was perfect for my Granddaugther . It was a gift very interesting , complete and a good price . I recomended it contain all necesary equipment .
 This set is for kids , it 's a great starter kit for kids but a little to safe for my use . Plastic twisers and plastic slides .
 This product is as advertised . I wish there was a higher end product availaable as a kit ; something more geared to the adults in the audience , but this one does what it claims to do .
 Needs to have some balsam to make the slides permenate and then it could be considered a slide making kit
 Good product . This really is out of my expertise but as far as I can tell , it is a very good product
 For beginer it was good.It supplied everything you need to make slides and more.Some stuff i did not need.I would buy this again .
 excelente se lo recomendaria a mis amigos y familiares , considero que el producto tiene un buen precio y es bueno
 This is the perfect kit for young kids just starting out using a microscope ... has the basic tools that they need .
 I highly recommend this slide making kit !!! It is fun and educational . Our 6 yr old son received this for his birthday along with a microscope and our 10 yr old daughter constantly begs to use it ! It is now number one on her Christmas wish list ! Great for all ages with lots of fun experiments to do as a family .
 Very durable toy . My daughter has loved it since I bought it for her at 5 mos old , and at 10 + mos she still loves it . She loves watching it spin around , she likes to grab at the spinner in the center -LRB- be careful , her little fingers can get pinched ! -RRB- and flipping the page back and forth . She 's too young to pull the handle down on her own , but even when we 're not there doing it for her she loves dragging the thing around , putting in her mouth , whatever , occupies her for stretches of time . She absolutely adores Elmo , so I do n't know if it 's because of that she enjoys the toy , or it 's the toy itself , or the combination of the two , but I do know that this is one that does n't sit around collecting dust , and I would n't hesitate buying it again .
 this is excellent for Grandson he has special needs and Loves Elmohe will be so excited . . have n't rec 'd yet
 My son wanted an expensive metal detector and saving his money to buy one . He expected it to cost about $ 100 . I ordered this one and was worried about how well it would actually work . It works great . We are all impressed . My son has found alot of coins in the yard and nails and screws around the garage . Handy ! When he passes it over the right spot , the alarm sounds and he knows where to dig . I 'm not too happy about the holes but he is having a great time .
 I originally bought this with my 11-year-old niece in mind , but as it turned out , it was a real hit with her 6-year-old sister . We took it to the playground and we took turns swinging it back and forth and within about 30 minutes had found some tinfoil , a bottlecap , a penny , and a nail . She had a blast . My 5-year-old daughter enjoys figuring out what 's metal inside the house , too , and then swings the detector near it to see if she 's right . I think it has great educational value.I know it 's just a toy , but I do wish it had a better range . The booklet that it comes with claims it will detect a ring at about 1 '' , but I have my doubts . The bottlecap and penny were buried about 1/2 '' underground , and I only got a small beep when I passed over them . And they are solid!As for durability , it really remains to be seen as I 've only had it a couple of weeks . So far the battery life does n't seem to be anything to worry about . We 've had it on for probably close to 3 hours and it is still working . An auto-off feature would be a nice improvement , though , because the younger kids never remember to turn it off.One other note
 When we got this metal detector , we figured it would n't work to well , since it -LSB- cost very little -RSB- . We were wrong ! We went around with it for about 5 minutes and in that short time we found coins , wrappers , and even a peice from a necklace that has been lost for 3 years ! I highly recommend this product to anyone with children who want to have fun for a small price .
 When we got this metal detector through the mail it was in perfect condition and worked perfectly ! We got it for our son for his 7th birthday . Whether it 's nuts , bolts , or even tin foil this detector really find just about anything . It detects about 5 '' in depth . It was great for our little treasure hunter ! He loves it and is thrilled finding his treasures ! Thanks amazon and toys-r-us !!! 5 stars all the way !!!!!
 We purcheased this item for my son for his 5th birthday . Works great everywhere . It has been used at the beach , in the backyard , and even in the house . He has n't found anything valuable yet but he does n't care . Finding those old buried nails in the backyard was just fine with him -LRB- they were buried pretty deep too . -RRB- . He never forgets it and is always playing with it . He pretends he 's Bob the builder looking for buried cable . Then he 's a pirate looking for buried treasure . He 's even been a spy-explorer . The best part is he actually finds things . It has also come in handy when I dropped an earring in the backyard . I would recommend this for the adventurer in your home .
 We got this metal detector through this website . It came without any damage and works perfectly . We got it for our sons 7th birthday and he loves it . Whether it 's nuts , bolts , drill bits or tin foil he still calls it treasure because he found it . So far we figured out that it detects about 5 '' in depth , believe it or not . I have even used it and I even love it!LOL ! This is a great investment for a child that is really curious about treasure and adventure . Great for the price !!! Highly recomended for children between 5 through 12 . Five Stars all the way !!! Thanks toys-r-us and amazon !!!!
 This is the best buy I found at Christmas . My son loves exploring with his metal detector . It 's sensitive , sturdy , fun , and did n't cost much -- a great purchase ! He 's thrilled -- I 'm thrilled !
 What do you get in a metal detector for -LSB- ... -RSB- ? Actually , you get a pretty good little piece of equipment ; but do n't assume that it 'll take the place of a full sized , more expensive metal detector . However , this will definitely do for kids ages six and up.The metal detector takes one 9 volt alkaline battery , extends to about four and a half feet long , and can do the basics
 My contractor buried one of my sprinkler heads last year when he put in my patio . I finally decided to find it but did n't want to dig up 50 square feet to locate it . So I went to sears to buy a $ 150 detector but they only sell it online . Online means amazon to me . After reading the positive reviews I thought , Why not pop for this toy for twenty bucks ? It came in two days . I went out to the back yard and yes , I found the head in 10 minutes . One little beep was all I needed . Now I 'm putting it away for my granddaughter to use when she gets a bit bigger . Or until another dumb contractor buries something I need in my back yard . Hey wait , I 'm going to the beach on Sunday . Hmm , maybe I 'll find a rolex watch ...
 I bought this as a birthday gift for a friends 6 year old daughter and it is a hit . Her and her3 1/2 year old brother can not get enough of it . I was told this was the best birthday gift she got at her party .
 I always wanted a metaldetector and I finally got it . I found some coin.but most of all I found a button or a medal wow .
 Our grandchildren look forward to coming and finding treasure with the metal detector . We hide metal objects under carpets and other items and let them have fun .
 I think this is an awesome toy . It is very fun scanning the detector over the lawn and seeing if you get a beep . It seems that if you are trying to find something that you see , it wo n't find that , but will find a 22-shell three inches under the grass . I think the durability could use work , especially since it stops working if the battery is shaken the wrong way . Overall , it is very fun to see if you can find something valuable , and having an excavation project to find things .
 This detector was bought for my 5 year old son . I always wanted one as a kid and hoped this would be a good starter detector . The product is a solid design and nice weight for kids . The tube is adjustable for the height of the person using it and the coil at the bottom adjusts as well . The detector function could be a little strong . Really , the only thing we can find with this detector is heavy iron metals like nails and staples and scrap metal.We did a test in the house and it was able to find an assortment of coins under a couple of blankets and other stuff , but when we go outside , it was unable to find a quarter in the grass . It does have an adjustable detector setting , but this detector is not top quality , obviously . I recommend this product to anyone wanting to spark an interest or as a stepping stone to a better metal detector .
 We go to the outer banks every year with 3 other families . Got this for my &#34; tween &#34; nephew to give him something to do while all of the girls are laying out !
 I bought this for my daugther . She does enjoy this . I 'm not totaly sold , but she uses it . For a first timer who just wants to use for fun then go for it .
 My nephew loves finding treasures with this metal detector . His mom loves that he is going outside rather than begging to play video games so it was a great buy in my opinion .
 My 2yo son is very interested in butterflies . When he first got this , he loved the pictures . Over time he learned the names of almost all of the butterflies -LRB- which are posted on the back of the box -RRB- . Now he 's enjoying finding the matches . It is a great gift for the butterfly enthusiast because it has pretty pictures of real butterflies , the names of those butterflies , and the cards wear well , even with the use of a toddler .
 The trick is to keep them from getting frustrated . If you can do that , you can have fun for a while before they get bored !
 This is on super thick cardboard with a pretty pattern on back . I like the fact that they have the name of the butterflies . My girls love it and I have to admit it is one of my favorites ! I think I might buy this for their classroom !
 This is a great game espeically in conjunction to raising butterflies or as a follow-up to that experience !
 Evening Gala Barbie doll is an excellent reproduction of the fashion . I do have some quibbles with the doll , however . The hair is too soft and shiny , Mattel really needs to find a hair fiber that more accurately duplicates the texture and sheen of these vintage doll 's hair . Also , I have an issue with Mattel 's face painting on the vintage repro dolls in general . There seems to be an all-purpose ` generic ' face paint/head mold . I think this is a mistake.What makes the vintage dolls so special is the variations between the different dolls . Side-part Barbie with Lifelike Bendable Legs -LRB- the vintage doll being reproduced here -RRB- was only available in 1965 , and that doll had a coral lip color on the slightly ` jowly ' face of the 1962-1966 ` vintage ' head mold dolls . This reproduction doll has the more pointed chin and red lips that are more representative of the earlier dolls . The shape and placement of the repro doll 's lip paint is also not 100 % accurate.To me a successful vintage repro doll is one that you can place next to a vintage doll , and have trouble telling the difference . That 's not the case with this doll . It 's still a beautiful doll , though , and perhaps others are n't as particular as I am . Worth buying , for certain .
 i ordered this and I would like to write a review on this item . i really think this is a great product . And fdslghoertgerbrjhg uhiu ygdf uih dfg uiy vdf jh i8dfg uiy
 My son bought this for himself and for the price I suppose should not have expected articulation , but he was a little disappointed that he could n't move it like his other stuff .
 Cute in the picture but even cuter in real life . High quality and nice details .
 Hi I have a baby sister and me and my dad got this for her when she was born even though she couldnt wear it right away . It looks so cute on her and I bet it would look cute on your baby to !!!!!!!!
 This is very cute ... If you love Carnival , this is a must - have ! I recommend this to anyone debating whether to get this or not .
 Surprised our kids with a cruise and woke them up holding this ship.So fun , and wonderful memory for them .
 This was the perfect centerpiece for my Birthday cruise party . Everyone loved it ! It was the hit of the party .
 Unlike the real thing , there is no one to blame if you cant have a clean bowel movement in 72 hours . Unlike the real thing , it doesnt smell to high heaven . Unlike the real thing , you can actually count on it to get you home -LRB- it floats -RRB- . Unlike the real thing it 's far less polluting . Unlike the real thing you dont need a legal team for a refund . Unlike the real thing , all you got ta do is blow to get it to work .
 My 6 year old is obsessed with cruise ships . He has played with this a lot and still no holes . Amazing .
 Did n't actually buy this as a toy , which explains some of the ratings above - but bought it as a gift to attach a Carnival cruise gift card to . It was a hit ! Was n't too expensive and feels very sturdy , so worked perfectly for what I needed it for . Not sure how fun this would be for a child as a toy - it 's cute , and I assume it floats , but I guess it would be fun in the pool !
 My 4 year old son loves this , and no bath is complete without it . We recently went on a Carnival cruise and he asked for a toy cruise ship with a whale 's tail on it for his birthday . Even though this does n't have the detail of a more dimensional hard toy ship , I thought he would like the fact that it can actually go in the tub or the pool . Also , it is more easily portable when deflated , so he can take it everywhere . All the other toy Carnival cruiseship models I looked at were hard , with sharp edges and points , delicate and not really made for putting in water , hence this suits our needs perfectly .
 How much fun is this toy ? 5 stars selected 1 star 2 stars 3 stars 4 stars 5 starsHow would you rate this toy 's educational value ? 3 stars selected 1 star 2 stars 3 stars 4 stars 5 starsHow durable is this toy ? 4 stars selected 1 star 2 stars 3 stars 4 stars 5 starsHow do you rate this toy overall ? 5 stars selected 1 star 2 stars 3 stars 4 stars 5 stars VEry good
 My kids love tub tints . They use them every time they take a bath . They love playing with the colored water . It spurs their imagination . The pretend it 's magic potion . I try never to run out of it . If I do , bathtime is not as much fun .
 My 2 year old daughter received some tub tints for her birthday . She absolutley LOVES them ! Every evening she asks for colors in her bath . She loves to pour and fill with the `` pretty water '' . It was a great gift !
 We 've been using Tub Tints for years . They are non-toxic color pellets that disolve in the bath water without staining your child 's skin or toys . My son has a blast mixing the colors and making soap potions . You wo n't find a better bath toy for your child 's tub experience .
 Just when my 2 year old daughter was starting to resist bath time , these tablets really changed attitude ! Now all I have to ask is , `` what color bath do you want tonight ? '' , and she heads toward the tub . This 3-pack comes with a tub each of red , yellow & blue tablets , so you can mix to make other colors . Love this product . Does n't stain the tub , washcloth , skin or hair . Thanks , Crayola !
 There are super bright color of the water using tablets.My little girl was impressed!In every box only one color tablets.So I 've got 3 different color for the bath!Very recommended !
 The mention of tub tints sends my two toddlers running for the bath . They love them and enjoy mixing the colors .
 get them for any age
 My four year old ca n't take a bath without these ! Great fun and educational in the sense that she learned her colors faster and what two colors make purple or orange , etc. . She looooves them !!!
 These are fun for children and teaches them colors . Makes their bath an enjoyable time . Some children really do n't like bath time and this peaks their interest . I am a grandmother and my daughter-in-law has used these for about 3 years now . Her second child has just turned 1 so she is teaching him colors and this is one way to help .
 These are great to get a kid who does not like to take a bath into wanting to take a bath . My son has his moments when he wants nothing to do with the tub , But tell him to pick out a color and throw it in and he is stripping off his clothes . What kid would not love to have tinted water . They can combine tablets and make some interesting color combos . With more than one child , have each of them throw in a color , they will have a blast . The colors are not permanent on skin , tub , toys or clothing . These are a must in every bathroom with children .
 My son really enjoys these . It makes bathtime alot more enjoyable for him . It was a gift from my brother in Ohio and we just had to find out where he bought them so we could get some more . !!
 My 25 months old daughter loves this , although it says for children older than 3 , we have been using it since she was 2 years old and have had no problems with it . She loves to pick a colour for her bath , she calls it her `` coloured water '' baths and it 's a great enticement for her . I had thought that it would be more of a bubbly bath type of thing , but it only fizzes until the tablet dissolves and it is true , the coloured water does not stain . It 's not -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- -LRB- I first bought this directly from a toy shop here in Thailand ! -RRB- so we have never mixed the colours together but it sounds fun to have even more variety .
 This item is an excellent toy for the tub . It is not messy , does not stain and has helped my 2 yr old leran her colors and color combos .
 My kids love these tub tints . They are safe , non-toxic , and do not stain them or the tub . We use them often , and they are just the trick to get the kids into the tub . However , my set is n't primary colors and instead seems to be made up of purple , orange and green tablets . Each of my children -LRB- 2 and 4 -RRB- gets to choose a tablet to throw into the water ... and they have learned that when you mix purple and green , you get a brownish gray . But hey - they are still having fun !
 My 2 year old loves these . We put them in the star case on the `` magic wand '' that came with our tints , which reduces the choking hazard . She swirls it around the tub and the colors appear . The product is useful for color recognition , making choices -LRB- which color today ? -RRB- and mixing colors . I do wish they would score the tablets so that they were easy to break if you want to mix them . Too tablets is a bit much for our tub . I recommend these and will add that we have had no problems with staining .
 This is a great motivator to get my 3 year old to take a bath . We have the wand that you can put the tints in and swirl it through the water ... magically the tub water changes colors . My daughter now knows what colors she can mix to make other colors . They do n't stain the tub and it does n't leave a ring either .
 With twin 3 1/2 year old boys who are always too busy playing to take their bath , this product is a must . Everytime they insist they do n't want to take a bath all I have to do is ask , `` So , what color do you want your water today ? '' and one of them will start undressing immediately while shouting out colors -LRB- changing his mind 3 or 4 time in the process of course . -RRB-
 I keep a supply of these on hand and I let my daughter take them with her when she spends the night with her friends . It makes taking a bath fun , it does n't stain your tub and it does n't irritate their skin . It 's much better than bubble bath . I let her choose the color combinations , we always use 2 tablets so that she can see the colors mix .
 My 3yr . old daughter -LRB- soon to be 4 -RRB- loves making the water change colors . It gives her a good reason to get a bath . She is also learning how to make other colors by putting two and two together . Red and blue make purple . It is also giving my 1 yr old a different way to learn his colors . Fun and a experiment rolled up in one . Clean 's up well too ...
 my son went through a phase where he didnt want to go in the tub even though he had a ton of toys and things to do in the tub . his aunt bought him tub tints and he gets to pick one or two out of the jar and he throws them in he loves it . he even says the color as he is picking it out . i just wish they had jars with one color because he loves to use blue or make green or purple and there isent enough blue tablets . well he loves going into the tub now .
 Tub tints are great fun . I love to watch them fizz and color the water just as much as my 3 year old ! Tub tints also make great last minute gifts for kids of any age . The only thing I would change is the size of the tablets . They used to come in smaller tablets -LRB- 8-10 pellets per bath -RRB- . I think the kids enjoy watching a lot of tablets fizz and they get to drop more in at a time . The wand that comes with some packages is also a lot of fun .
 My 3-year-old loves to feel the tablets dissolve and fizz in his hand . Individually dissolve one color of tablets , then add another to make other colors . Teaches how to make green , orange and purple . Does not stain ! Make sure they have a clear plastic cup in the bath with them so they can pour the colored water all over . A great gift for kids over 3 .
 My two and half year old daughter is not a huge fan of taking baths . These color drops make bath time fun and all I have to do is ask her what color bath she wants and she is headed off down the hall towards the bath ! It 's great . She she loves watching the tablets bubble and turn her bath into fun colors.And moms - the red is a pretty rosy color that is very relaxing for after the kiddos have headed off to bed !
 My son has quickly become a Star Wars fan . He prefers the droids to the characters , so when I saw these I knew he would like them . They are durable and the feet move so they stand well .
 This was a gift for my son for Christmas . Today was the first day that the weather was good enough to assemble it and give it a try.I was a little out done by the amount of time it took me to assemble it and then put it on the wagon . It was a little tedious for me and would not recommend assembling it on an outing for the first time.I left it up on the wagon in hopes that it would adjust its self now that it is out of the box . It comes with a take along bag but if it is as hard to assemble as it was this first time I will not be taking it off when we are at home at all.We live on the Gulf Coast so it is imperative that children be shaded in the summer heat and this seems like a good product overall . The concept is very good I just hope it 's easy to slap on when we go to the beach or to a festival , seeing that it 's too large to keep up inside our SUV.My overall comment is that I am happy for this product but the ease of it may not be the best . When it 's the only product out there you just have to like it and love it . I am giving it a 4 star because the product its self seems to be durable at least .
 I love this canopy . I can take my daughter to the zoo now and not worry about her head getting sunburned . She is allergic to many sunscreens , so this canopy is a lifesaver .
 Bought this to go with my daughter 's Radio Flyer Outback Wagon . Toys R Us sells a Radio Flyer Pack & Go Wagon which is essentially the Outback Wagon with a canopy , but it was about $ 25 less to order the Outback Wagon with the seperate add-on canopy from Amazon.The Outback Wagon with the addition of this canopy is the perfect wagon for the hot , sunny Texas summers !! Although in Texas , having the shade from the canopy comes in handy almost year round . I drive a SUV , so rather than completely disassembling the canopy every time we go somewhere , I simply unattach the canopy from the wagon , fold in the posts under the canopy and lay it on top of the wagon in the back of the SUV . I could see how it might be a bit of a hassle if I had to completely unpack , assemble and then unassemble and repack the canopy every time I used it.Durability-wise , I 'm sure this thing is n't bullet proof , but ours seems to have had up pretty well . We 've taken it to a few outdoor concerts with all of our friends kiddos and had tons of kids crawling in , out and all over the wagon with the canopy on it without any issues . Granted , toddlers can be pretty rough on things , so I could see how it might get broken if you 're not keeping a close eye on the kids while it 's on the wagon.All and all , I 'm really happy with this canopy . It makes it much easier to use our wagon in lieu of a stroller on sunny days , and since my daughter much prefers riding in the wagon , that 's a big win in my book !!
 This is just what we needed . We go to a farmers market where you pick your own vegetables , and well they have a wagon to put your things in . Sometimes there is sun , and well this protects your veggies and anything else you have in the wagon . Just what we needed!It installs well . The only thing I would of liked to see is a bigger bag to put it into when I package it up . I feel like he fit is too snug . Other than that , I 'm sure we will have it for years to come .
 This is a Great First birthday present for your little ones from mommy and daddy ... Okay ... well . . i hope im going to start a really big trend for baby beach goers ! this helped a tremendous amount on our week vacation to the beach . To to mention that canopy that covered and gave our son and drinks shade . We also had our sons first birthday party at the resort there and it helped out allot transporting everything even him ! We strolled i everywhere with the canopy on it ! Its like a stroller and people do n't seem to mind if you happened to need to bring it inside to the mall or a restaurant . Mainly its great to put you baby in and beach bag beach ball sun lotions keep a cooler and drinks in . We got the all terrain wagon with the wood sides and big rubber air tires . My little boy felt like a true prince riding in this ! There is just something about that little red wagon . : -RRB-
 We use this all the time . I 'm not sure why others have had problems with it breaking . We have been very rough on ours for over a year now and have had no issues at all . We have had it on our all terrain wagon everywhere we go with it . It 's been attached and removed countless times with no trouble at all . We do n't even bother to fold it all the way down most times . We usually just remove it from the wagon and then clamp the left side clips to each other and the right side clips to each other so that it is easier to handle in and out of the car.It 's been to the beach , the pumpkin patch , camping , walks around our neighborhood , lots of parks , and many other places in different kinds of weather . We love it !
 I purchased this for my grandson to use during the summer , I ca n't wait for warmer weather to use it !
 I am very pleased with it 's light-weight material . Tho the clasps that attach to the wagon are too easily moved , I can not wait for Spring !
 So easy to put on and off of wagon in just a few minutes and sturdy for sun and water
 Great way to protect children from exposure to the sun , but found it a little difficult to assemble at first .
 This canopy is great . It fit the wagon perfect and it was very easy to install . I would definitely recommend this canopy .
 I ordered the canopy for a wagon we were given from friends . It worked great until the fiberglass rods that support the middle of the canopy broke when I tried to dismantle it . I plan to replace them with metal rods from a home improvement store .
 Good canopy . Although , it would be better of the canopy had more sturdy mounting hardware rather than the four clamps that came with the canopy . The canopy tends to shift back and forth if it is tugged on with minimal force . Otherwise , the canopy serves it 's purpose . Offers good sunlight protection .
 Best canopy for wagons out there . Never had a problem with ours , but our child has been taught not to play with it . Overall great buy !
 I found this canopy easy to install and it is adequate protection from the sun . I agree with other reviews that it could be challenging to get the canopy back in the bag . However , I have not tried to put it away . I do plan on keeping the canopy on the wagon at all times .
 We have used this for a few trips down to the park and zoo for our 6 mo old and 2 year old . It does a great job at keeping the mid-day sun off both kids . It was a bit awkward installing it at first but with two sets of hands we have gotten used to it now . Folds up flat for storage .
 The canopy does its job . It 's great looking , cute and keeps the sun out . It 's tall enough to not interfer with getting in the wagon or taking things out , including the kids . One note , it fits all different brands of wagons so do n't be fooled in to buying the expensive Radio Flyer wagon . Our wagon is from Lowes and cost $ 49 , it 's got the big wheels and fold down sides and is very heavy duty . There are other brands on Amazon too . Buy smart . I do recommend the canopy .
 This was a must with us . We are very conscious of the sun and it 's damaging rays . This helps to protect the little ones while strolling around . It 's easy to attach to the wagon and stay in place well .
 Great for keeping the sun off our little one . We 've been using it for a month now and we have n't had any problems with durability . A great complement to our Radio Flyer Pathfinder wagon ! Would definitely recommend .
 I brought this canopy for our radio flyer wagon about one month ago and yesterday was the first time we used it with the wagon . We spent the whole day at the zoo and we got so much compliments because it really looks good with the wagon , but most importantly it provides a good shade for my daughter.The cons of the canopy is that it takes up quit a bit of storage space at home and in the car . You either have to take down the cover and fold everything or you can just lay it over the wagon . Either way , you will need some extra storage for it . Since I 've read from previous reviews that its kinda of filmy . So , throughout the trip , we were very gentle with it and it still looks and feels good . Well , that 's base on only one day of usage . I just hope that it will last !! The price is about $ 20 higher than when I purchased it one month ago , so ... with the price that I paid , I have no complaints.Overall , I am still very satify with the purchase .
 easy to assemble . goes perfectly with any of the Radio Flyer wagons . easy to put on and take off .
 I bought the canopy to go with the Radio Flyer Wagon for our granddaughters . The canopy is great , and helps to keep the sun out of their eyes while pulling them around the yard . The girls LOVE their wagon .
 We 're in Southern California so we use this to keep the kids cool and the sun off their skin when riding around in the wagon.It does that job well and it is light weight . It looks good when in place , but not the greatest design with the tent type poles and four clamps.Needs better design so it 's easier to install and store . And the clamps are not perfect . But , it works fine and looks good . Kids like riding under it .
 This canopy is perfect for shade ! Living in Hawaii where there is alwayssun , protection from the sun and other elements are key . This is perfect !
 We bought the double seated , plastic wagon . At first , we thought that our kids shoulf just `` stick it out '' with the sun because we all did as kids , but we ended up regretting that decision . So , it was nice that this canopy was so versatile and could be used , even though we didnt buy the `` deluxe '' wagon.However , the canopy is barely long enough , and not wide enough , for the entire wagon . There are times when the kids are not covered , but it is better than nothing .
 good compliment to the offroad wagon . . seems durable enough . . and my son can enjoy wagon time without too much sun . overall decent value
 Overall for the price vs. quality , it 's not bad . the canopy material is pretty flimsy and thin . I echo the other buyers comment in that light can easily shine through it . The alligator clamps are okay but I think this depends on what you 're clamping it to . I have one of those folding wagons so it was hard to find a sweet spot to clamp it where it does n't move as much . the frame is sturdy .
 This canopy is AWESOME !!!! It takes about 15 seconds to clip on your wagon and it 's a must here in Arizona . Every time I go to the park or zoo I have it on the wagon and people are always commenting that they wish that they had one . This is a great product and worth every penny spent .
 We bought the Radio Flyer Pathfinder Wagon for our son for his first birthday . It was the best buy ever ! The price was the best around and the wagon itself is absolutely great ! I got the canopy to go along with it and I highly reccomend it also .
 We purchased this canopy to go with our Radio Flyer wagon and we have nothing but great things to say about it . the canopy is large and covers the entire span of the wagon . It clips onto the sides of the wagon so for the tool challenged , it is great . I love the fact that you can lean the canopy forward or backwards depending on the direction of the sun . My girls love it and think they are riding in a chariot .
 We love our Radio Flyer wagon and have used it for quite some time now for our kids -LRB- now nearly 2 and nearly 4 -RRB- . When I saw the canopy could be purchased as an aftermarket accessory I jumped at the opportunity.It does make trips to the zoo or outdoor festivals much more pleasant for the kids . It keeps the sun out of their eyes , reduces UV exposure , and makes the more comfortable . From a usability standpoint , however , I have some complaints . The storage bag that comes with the canopy is quite difficult to use - that is , it 's hard to break down the canopy and get all of the components to fit nicely into the bag . Although it is doable , it is usually more trouble than it 's worth . This is due to the tension on the upright bars and their tendency to `` spring '' away from where I want them . Of course , this tension is needed to get the canopy to stay up and look good.The other complaint I have is with the thin red `` ribs '' that traverse the canopy horizontally . They are made of extremely thin plastic and once exposed to the elements over a period of time ours became brittle and snapped . While the canopy still operates fine without these 2 pieces , it is a bit frustrating to have such cheap componentry.Overall , I am really pleased with the canopy and would get one again for my wagon . In retrospect , however , I would have gotten the higher end Radio Flyer wagon with the more `` built-in '' canopy if I could go back in time .
 This canopy is surprisingly wonderful ! Did n't think I would be so excited about it . It is easy to assemble and simply clips right on to the wagon . So it would work with any brand of wagon . -LRB- Our neighbors used it with their Little Tikes wagon . -RRB- Our children LOVE riding in the wagon with the canopy . It provides good shade at the hottest part of the day and is even waterproof in a light shower .
 It fits on our Step 2 wagon as I suspected it would . BUT our 2 year old ca n't keep his hands off the poles . He is pulling at them constantly and inevitably one pops off - that being said the poles -LRB- which I read were a little flimsy -RRB- have not broken so that is a good thing ! I like the size of it - coverage seems good - but wo n't really know until I am brave enough to try it again . Hope this helps .
 My 12 month old is about to receive this for her birthday . Because of the sheer size of it , I 've built it , but it is sitting in the living room . She 's already played with it a little and loves it . I strapped her in and pulled her around . After I finished taking her on a ride , she wanted to try , so I put her doll in it , so she could pull her doll . We will have a great time with this when warmer weather draws near .
 The Overall quality of the canopy is good . I do no see a `` fun '' factor or `` educational '' value to be rated . As for durability , I have no complaints . The product does seem to need stretched inwards to fit to the wagon I own , which is also a Radio Flyer . It does fit as advertised `` Fits all Radio Flyer Wagons '' , but I felt like I was stretching the metal `` tent-posts '' inwards too much , and was afraid that one would snap . Perhaps they are more durable than I thought , But it seems like the second I unclip one of the alligator clamp devices , it springs outwards.The Canopy does indeed make a HUGE shelter over the wagon , and it does block the sun . My only thought is that it sits too `` high '' . I have enough trouble picking up my 18 month old child and getting him into the wagon with it on . It 's not that it 's hard , but you do have to make an effort to not clothes-line your child in the process . If the canopy sat any lower , I do n't know if it would be very easy at all do perform the same task , but , it would block more of that harmful sunlight from getting to the little passenger inside.To completely summarize , it is a quality canopy to cover any Radio Flyer wagon , and it does the job . Become comfortable taking it on and off , and know where you are going to put it when it comes off . If not stored properly , it takes up some space ! If you leave it on the wagon , you will find yourself pained when trying to get around it if you do n't stash it in a garage . If you do stash it in a garage , you will want to take it off anyways , because of the space and to prevent damage.I am pleased with this product , and when it comes to wagons and other child toys , Radio Flyer is definitely a reliable source , and offer TONS of different accessories for all sorts of things .
 this is a great product for one or two little children , in my case twin babies . They can see the sights , are sun protected , and safety features r excelllent
 We love our outings in Florida , and this canopy has saved us a lot of worries about sunburn ! I would say that this is a &#34; must &#34; for your toddler . It was a little confusing at first to set-up and take down , but it probably would have been easier if I had read the directions first . Now , after a couple of weeks , it is second nature . It sets firmly onto the wagon , and when broken down , transports easily .
 Nice addition to the wagon that keeps the sun out of little ones 's eyes . Easy to attach to the wagon .
 Grandparents bought our son a generic wooden red wagon with high sides , and we wanted a canopy for long walks in the summer . This easily fit and gave him some shade while we walked around the neighbourhood . Construction is a bit on the flimsy side , I get the feeling that a good strong wind would blow it away . However , if the weather 's that bad , I would n't be outside with my son either . Worth the money , and I 'd buy it again if it blew away . : -RRB-
 After reading some of the negative reviews , I was hesitant to purchase the canopy , but I did and I 'm glad . Living in South Florida , I knew I 'd need something to product my little one from the elements and was please that Radio Flyer made this accessory for the wagon we have . Some said that it was a bit flimsy , but I do n't have that complaint . It 's exactly what I expected . It 's thin nylon , but it shades from the sun and protects from a drizzle . If its worse than that , we would n't be playing outside . Overall , we love it !
 good fit for an aftermarket thought of adding a canopy to our wagon since we couldnt have the one that has poles directly into the woagon
 This item is fun and gives the kids shelter in the sun . It does have clips which are somewhat flimsy , so do n't use it in the wind .
 This was a great addition to the wagon . Great for the kids on a hot day at the water park .
 Bought this for Christmas for my 2 year old grandson . There is room for at least 2 kids in the nicely molded seats and it even has cup holders and small seat belts . It 's his main ride to the park and has room for his cousins and friends . His mom said it was easy to put together . Would definitely recommend this wagon to anyone child who needs an awesome ride .
 Practical and eye catching - perfect for keeping the little one protected from the sun during rides .
 This wagon is great ! The perfect gift for my one year old nephew . Got it a couple of weeks ago . We 'll see how it holds up over time but he loves it and I expect to get many years of enjoyment out of it . Fairly easy to put together . Love the back rests and the safety straps were an important safety feature for me .
 The wagon is perfect for trips to the Farmers Market as well as walks around the block . Sturdy and safe -- good seatbelts !
 The wagon is sturdy with no sharp or dangerous edges . It took only minutes to put together . If I were to need another wagon , I would definitely purchase another of these .
 Perfect to keep the sun off the little ones when I am dragging them over to the park ! Its winter now and this thing is going into storage soon , but I am sure it would be out at the first sign of good weather ! I just wish I had bought this thing when I first bought my wagon !
 We live in the AZ desert and having the canopy was a must . It is sturdy , easy to put on and take off , and it shields the sun very effectively .
 Our old canopy was all tattered from use . We really needed something for this crazy TX heat so I checked online to see what we could do . Wha la - got this great canopy and it works great . Be sure to use the instructions when assembling it - will definintely save you time . Easy to put on the wagon and remove .
 We got this for our grandsons wagon and were surprised at how big it seems . It leaves enough room to get a child in or out of the wagon easily while providing shade for UV protection and comfort . Definitely recommend this to anyone that has a wagon that is going to be out in the sun for a period of time .
 This is such a fantastic item . It will work on a lot of different wagons . I was very happy to receivethis item . If something happened to it , I would buy another one without a second thought.I bought the wagon for my Granddaughter , so I really needed the shade . We live right by the beach.I have had so many positive comments on it . Everyone that sees it loves it.Thank YouRhonda Staats
 I would not review this canopy as a toy . It is functional object for a wagon and does offer great sun protection at certain parts of the day , noon being the best obvioulsy . It has clamps which makes it easy to remove and install frequently . Overall , I would recommend this product as a great addition to a wagon .
 This cover is half the price on here that it is at ANY local retailer to me . Works wonderful with the wagon . Keeps my lil one from being in the direct sunlight and keeps her cooler . Great accessory for the radio-flyer wagon
 Canopy works great , and hooks up fairly easily ... if you 've ever put a tent together you 'll think this is a breeze ! Word of warning though , the canopy makes the wagon very large ... so , if you plan on keeping it up and attached , make sure you have a lot of space in the garage ...
 I purchased this wagon for my 2yr old son and he loves it . The wagon was purchased at a local store for cheaper , but found the canopy at Amazon . I just wish you could push it as well as pull it -LRB- but I guess it would n't be a wagon -RRB- lol . No matter where you purchase the wagon , the canopy is sold separately , and I recommend purchasing it . You 'll be glad you did . The clips for the canapoy , in the photo appears as their are openings on the wagon itself for them to fit it , but that 's not the case -LRB- it 's a smooth surface -RRB- . The clamps sort of look and apply like mini jumper cables , but are made of a durable , hard plastic . They attach and hold-up just fine . Overwall the Radio Flyer wagon is great !
 We bought this canopy a year ago as an addition to our girls ' wagon . No regrets on buying it as it seems to do its job/purpose ... wish it was a little bit cheaper . Have n't had any problems with it until recently when one of the clamps cracked in half for no apparent reason ... rendered it useless . Luckily , the clamps are replaceable ! The downside is that the clamp is roughly $ -LSB- ... -RSB- + shipping . I got on the company 's website and was going to purchase 2 clamps -LRB- one as a backup -RRB- + tax and $ -LSB- ... -RSB- shipping totaling to almost $ 27 . A little outrageous if you ask me.To make the long story short , I just bought a new canopy for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- and free shipping . At least I 'll have 3 backup clamps and an extra canopy should the other one tear .
 After reading the reviews of this canopy I was a little concerned about the clamp durability ; however , we have had no problems . I can certainly see why so many people are having issues with the clamps breaking - they are of a poor design that can not withstand over-extension . As you can probably tell just by looking at it , the canopy will not fully shield the sun unless the sun is pretty high in the sky . It also wo n't shield sideways rain . No biggie for us - but if your primary reason for buying this is all-day sun protection you might want to get the umbrella instead.One thing about it we did n't expect is all the attention . Turns out we have a very sassy wagon that many people like to comment on as we stroll by . Kids at the park ca n't seem to stay away either - who knew !
 My kids LOVE the all terrain wagon and the canopy is has been great to keep the sun off of them .
 This is a great add on to any wagon . We have taken it all over the place without any problems . I love knowing that my little one has a shadded place to ride .
 i ordered this to go over my duo seat radio flyer wagon and i love it , its easy to put on and take off , it blocks a lot of sun which is the may reason i ordered it , when we would walk the boys had their eyes closed almost the whole time because the sun was too bright and now its perfect they do n't have to squint ! it also blocks a lot the the wind ! awesome thank you
 My daughter loves her wagon a lot . When the canopy came it was hard to imagine that she could enjoy the wagon even more , but she did.Assembly was simple but I 'm mindful of other reviews and careful with the clamps . We 've been out in the rain and the canopy performs well . Much better than trying to get my 2 year old to hold an umbrella . Shades my girl from the hot sun too . We 're looking forward to summer this year ; all the festivals , fairs and rodeos will be enjoyed by all in full comfort -LRB- and style ! -RRB- .
 Length :
 One of the handles that connects the canopy to the wagon has already broke . I 'm not sure how it happened , just went out to use it the other day , and it already split in half . It 's impossible to use the canopy now , and I 've only had it for 2.5 months . So I got online , and ordered a replacement part for it . They shipped new parts out free of charge ! I love companies that stand behind their products .
 This canopy is great ! It is high enough that my son can sit underneath it and it keeps the sun out of his eyes without obstructing his view . It is easily removable and storage of it is not a problem . Some people have mentioned that the clips that hold the canopy onto the wagon break and I can see how that could happen , but ours has been great so far . We love it !
 I was a little unsure when I ordered this , based on some of the reviews I had read , but my family LOVES this wagon cover ! We have the Step 2 two-seater wagon and this cover fits great ! We get tons of compliments every time we are out ! The amount of sun protection varies based on how low/high the sun is sitting , but you are able to adjust the cover a little bit to help . We have had no problems with it breaking like some people mentioned , and we use our wagon daily . I would recommend it !!
 We use this a on Step Two wagon and it works great . We 've only had it about 2 weeks but so far we love it !!
 This canopy is a cute addition for the wagon , but I agree with the other comments the frame is fragile . I think if the children applied very much pressure to the frame it will break , also our grandchildren were intrigued by the clamps that hold the canopy on the wagon and wanted to play with them . When you begin to play with the clamps , it loosens canopy 's hold on the wagon and allows it to flap in the wind.The canopy works well and adds a very unique look for the wagon . If you are looking for a cute addition , this is IT !
 I was amazed at the quality of this product . It really holds onto the wagon during the windy days here in Chicago . Very sturdy .
 The canopy works well at shielding the sun and keeps light sprinkles at bay.It takes up a lot of space while not in use and is cumbersome to put on and takeoff of the wagon .
 This thing is a pain in the butt to take on and off . It 's sort of like putting a kite together and clipping it to your wagon using car battery clips ... every single time you want to use it ! It 's too big to leave on in our SUV , so I have to take it off and on every time I bring it somewhere.Having said that , this thing is totally freakin ' worth the pain ! It keeps my two girls in the shade and it looks cool . We took it with us when we walked in a 4th of july parade and got lots of compliments . Highly recommend .
 I love this canopy . It is very portable and it is super easy to put up and take down . It helps a lot in keeping the sun out of my kid 's eyes and it even keeps him dry when it is sprinkling .
 We bought this canopy to top off our 16-month-old 's Radio Flyer , hoping to shade him from the sun on walks . Turns out , this does n't block all that much sun , because it 's very open on the sides , but at least that 's good for airflow and visibility ! Had some difficulty installing this at first -- not much give in the fabric . We thought that it must be backwards or something , but ultimately it went on and has been sturdy since . This is a nice addition to the wagon -- stylish and moderately helpful in blocking the sun at mid-day . Just do n't count on this to provide too much shade !
 Great canopy - set up was easier than i expected after reading another reviewer 's comments but I followed the photo on the box as well as the given instructions , which alone , would have been slightly confusing.The canopy provides great coverage and is quite sturdy , so generally quite happy with it .
 This is one of the greatest things invented !! I have the Radio Flyer ATW wagon and this works great with it . It provides a lot of shade , is easily removable , and collapses compactly when not in use . Definitely worth the money .
 We got this so we can take our ATW wagon on the beach and keep our baby out of direct sunlight . Tried it out today ... works great ! Kind of reminds me of the wagon train . Our only complaint is that the clamps that hold it on the wagon are kind of overkill , it seems , and are n't that attractive , but she does n't seem to mind . The canopy is n't real portable if you 're transporting it , its kind of bulky but its do-able if you have a SUV .
 My grandma purchased the ATW for my daughter which she loves . We decided to get the canopy to attach to it . The canopy itself is very easy to attach , its a little flimsy , but that is just because of the thin poles they use for the structure . I was attaching the canopy which takes about 3 minutes , but in the process one of the structure poles snapped . They are just a hard yet flimsy plastic . The shape still holds so I just took some duct tape and taped the pole back together rather than stuff the thing back in the box and deal with exchanging it . This is the reason I give it 4 stars , It is the only canopy RF sells so I did n't have much of a choice , but it is worth the purchase to have the shade while your kid -LRB- s -RRB- are riding in the wagon .
 We bought this for my daughters Radio Flyer wagon just for some added shade . Its durable , clips right on the side of the wagon , and does provide a fair amount of shade . It seems the farther she sits back -LRB- if shes riding in the back side of the wagon -RRB- the sun does come in on her sometimes but we just have her switch seats . All around Radio Flyer is our main brand and we always love the products .
 Great canopy . Does what it is intended to do - protects your child from the sun . It clamps onto the wagon easily and can be taken apart for storage . Looks nice with the plastic wagon too !
 The canopy works great with our wagon !! Easy to assemble and is perfect for the zoo ! Comes with a bag for the parts so we can easily store it away when not in use !
 This was awesome ! It is hooked on by 4 giant clips that can likely attach to anything ! I have a garden heavy duty wagon that I bought from Lowes for my kids and it works wonders !
 This was a gift for our twin grandchildren . They have been using it for about 2 years now and no problems . I recommend this wagon to all grandparents to buy .
 What an awesome addition to my grandkids Radio Flyer wagon ! It protects them from the sun when going out walking ! Product was shipped promptly and received quickly ! Excellent Seller !
 We have a plastic wagon and this top fits on it securely and covers our children well . Note that it does clamp onto the sides .
 My 6 year old son loves his knights made by Papo . The figures are slightly flexible and very sturdy . They are very realistic . I like that the swords are adjustable , but not removable from the figure 's hand and therefore do n't get lost . This knight 's legs are spread so that he can sit on a horse made by Papo .
 I 'm sure if your looking at this product you are interested in building up your armies . Do ` nt let the fluer de lis emblem detour you from adding this paladin to your Lion coat of arms collection . The emblem of the fluer de lis or fluer de bloom or flower was probabley the most used emblem on famileys coat of arms and was definetly not reserved for the french alone The flower emblem appears on coat of arms from Spain , England , Holland , Germany and many other country 's so have no reservations in adding this Paladin to your Lion coat of arms Army , many soldiers would wear thier family 's creast or coat of arms into battle more important than what emblem adornes his shield is the color of his cloak . Many different baron 's & kings and knights would fight for a allied king wearing there own family crest 's into battle but wearing the color 's of the standing army to be recognized on the battle field !! Some mercinaries did ` nt even bother with wearing the army they were fighting fors color 's as many of them were so well known , the first that pops to mind is bertrand du guschlin known by his fellow Briton 's as `` The Black Dog '' because he sold his sword to the highest bidder , to the country 's he was fighting for he was known as the `` The Eagle '' famous for useing the old roman tactic known as the Fabian stratagy a type of guerilla warfare of attacking and retreating and wearing your opponent down never letting them rest . One large army filled with allies and mercinarys may sport many different family coat of arms so do ` nt hesitate to add this fgure to your collection it only adds to the realism .
 This seven-part series consists of Wim Kayzer 's interviews with six well-known intellectuals and a roundtable he moderated between them . The series was well worth watching , but I was surprised that most of these best minds are quite closed.Of these five
 This is a great toy for pretend play and fine motor . The four piece puzzles are great for beginners . The x-ray machine and instruments are really cute . My daughter has a great time with this toy .
 This is a very durable toy , however I bought this Bass Fishin for an adult who is an avid fisherman . He is having a great time with it . I had one of these years ago and had so much fun with it and I was an adult then . As far as this toy being educational I rated it 5 because it keeps the mind working constantly.Sapodolly
 My four month old loves playing with this toy . It 's the perfect size for little hands to grasp . She also loves the sound of the rattle . It has been wonderful to watch her play with this rattle .
 This has been my son 's nightime toy for over 2 years , he ca n't sleep without it . We have purchased over 8 of these because he has lost so many taking them around the house . I searched all over the internet to find these to replace the first one he got as a gift -LRB- and fell in love with -RRB- and we found it here and at a good price .
 This object changed my life for the better . We nicknamed him Mr. Tinkle and his relationship with me and my friends was unbreakable . Unfortunately , he was recently replaced by Mr. Alpaca ...
 my baby is 5 months old . I got this for her at about 4 months old and she wasnt very interested in it . Now that she is really touching and grabbing everything , she loves this little toy . It rattles at the end which she loves that sound . It is easy to lose so I suggest ordering 2 : -RRB-
 Purchased this item for my son to replace a faded , worn one he 's had since birth . It 's very close to the original version and is still his favorite lovey !
 This is a great item , especially for teething babies who love to put this in their mouthes . I hand washed it several times now and it looks like new . The only problem was the the rattle broke on mine the very first day so there 's no sound to it . I 'm sure my daughter would love it even more if it made a sound .
 My nine month old likes the `` crinkle '' sound and its durable enough that my 2 year old has n't destroyed it
 Very Cute , Perfect Sized Rattle for Little Hands . A nice toy to take with you . Soft materia land colors . Good for the price .
 I actually buy these as toys for my Chihuahuas.Since they are child safe , they are safe for my little ones as well .
 This item has been in the Gund product line-up for over 2 decades . Really simply , colorful and tactile-there are just some items you do n't question-babies just love them . Since I 've learned that , from a friend of mine who is a sales rep for Gund , I 've purchased this item , along with the primary color version , for countless baby showers . You kind of ca n't go wrong with this little caterpillar .
 I disagree with the last review . The hanger is a good size and fits multipule planes . Any biger and it would take up too much space . Very sturdy , my son is a rough player and i 've seen it take a few good hits .
 This hangar is -LRB- I believe -RRB- a bit larger than the `` Kid 's '' hangar , but still will barely hold three of the planes in it . It is a very cute replica of the hangar on the show , and makes a fun place to park the planes during play or for the night . The Brenda Blue character that pops out when you press the lever is clever , but does n't add much play value . Frankly , I 'm surprised she has n't broken off yet ! The hangar itself is very solid and quite heavy , and the kids seem to enjoy incoporating it into their play .
 I love my Kairi figure . Her face is beautiful and i love her outfit . Her changable hands come out easily . She is pretty flexible . But when I got it in the mail the box was banged up and also the box she came in . but that was probably just the shipper but no biggie . The figure itself was n't damaged . I dont think i ordered it from this seller .
 Even though I did n't get it from here , Kairi looks very nice in her school uniform . She had some good articulation . Just two minor parts ca n't move so much . I recommend Kairi Play Arts to anyone collection stuff from Kingdom Hearts .
 This toy is very flimsy.I am a huge kingdom hearts fan and I love Kairi . The day after I got her , her left hand fell off.Ok , I know that you must be thinking `` You can swich her hands . `` By that time , the point that you put her hand in got stuck and the hand is blank.Otherwise , she is very pretty.On her right arm , you can put on a hand to hold a bag.Her school skirt is very short.ok .
 It 's very beautiful and such detail in the face.Great for KH fans Kairi fans alike !
 This figure is beautifully detailed . Very well done and easily pose-able . I 'm a big fan of Kingdom Hearts and this was great for the price !
 I got this for my sister in law , she seemed to really like it . The details are good , and the face looks better then most statues .
 So i just got my Kairi in the mail a few seconds ago and I just opened it . The seller rapped it in bubble rap and inside a foam thing . The Kairi is new and very Beautifully detailed . But the only thing is her right foot is bent so she can not stand up . :-LRB- i was very sad about this but , i do love her so much ! i Will buy other products from this seller again !
 My Dad bought this for me for Christmas . I absolutley LOVE Kingdom of Hearts ... anything . Especially Sora & Kaire . This figure is pretty well made . Wish we could find them in Washington state . Also , wish they were not so expensive .
 I love this toy box . My son has the blue one for his room . It 's big that you can put the bigger toys in it so they are not laying all around on the floor . The toy box is great !
 Love it ! This was just what my daughters room needed ! It is gigantic ! Has lots of room for all her dolls , barbies , and learning toys . Very easy to assemble .
 This is a great toy to give a chile . I 'M a grandmother , and find this toy chest safe , sturdy and a good teaching tool to encourage a child to pick up and store their toys .
 This toy box holds everything ! It is a great way to clean up a room full of toys . The only thing that would make it better is if it had hinges . Great value too !
 This toy chest is AMAZING !! I bought it for my 3 1/2 year old niece and she loves it . As prevoius comments she loves playing inside of the chest . It 's large enough for all her toys with room to spare . My sister did need a little muscle to pop the pieces into place but after that it 's all done .
 This toy box is amazing ! It 's huge - just short of four feet long , and holds a massive amount of toys . As other reviewers stated , this model toy box does not include the internal divider pieces , nor does the hinge attach to the toy box - the lid must be completely removed each time you want access to the toys.Assembly took only about 15 minutes total - the sides of the toy box simply -LRB- yet durably -RRB- snap into the base , and are held together with plastic clips . I spent ten minutes unsuccessfully attempting to pound each side of the plastic clips in with a hammer , as instructed . In the end , I stood the toy box up , as pictured in the directions , and used the heel of my foot to apply even pressure over the entire clip . This method worked amazingly - I was able to install the four clips in about 2 minutes.My toddler -LRB- almost two years old -RRB- loves to put her toys away now ! My daughter uses the lid as a chair/climber , and the durable plastic has held her weight easily . The plastic is also easy to wipe clean . We love this toy box ! I would definitely recommend this item to a friend .
 I wish there was a way for the lid to stay on . It is a separate piece . I also did n't know that some of them did n't come with the inserts to separate the toys . I would of liked to get one to separate . Other than that it is a toy box . Made well
 We were looking for a big , sturdy toy chest and this is definitely it ! We did n't have any problems putting it together like I had read in the other reviews . But could see how it could be difficult if only 1 person were to put it together .
 This toy box is huge ! It holds so many toys and my daughter loves it . My daughter is 18 months old and got this as a Christmas gift . She is tall for her age and can barely reach the bottom of the toy chest , so she tries to climb into and will sit and play with her toys while sitting inside of it !
 This toy box has some bad reviews ... I 'm sure there are more people happy with this product then there are that are unsatisfied but the happy people are just not going to post anything from their laziness . Well first of all , I was so worried it would be hard to put together from all these people saying it was the hardest thing to build in the world ... NOT the case . It is four pieces , you pop them together and you have a toy box . Not at all rocket science . If you get a damaged one your like 1 out of a million , so dont worry about someone saying they got a defective product . The one I ordered did n't come with the slates like a few people are talking about , but that is fine with me . I just need something to throw my 4 year old 's toys in ... so anyways its a great product ... it looks adorable , it was EASY to put together , took all of about 5 minutes ... and nothing was wrong with it , nothing broke ... its all good .
 i have 2 little girls a 4 year old and a 2 year old . they have so many toys an this toy box is HUGE all toys fit . cute colors too . very easy to put together
 We bought this toy box for our great granddaughter 's 2nd birthday . She loves it and most all of her toys fit in it . Very nice !
 I gave this item to my grandaughter for her birthday . It works great to hold ost of her toys , it durable , was very pleased with it .
 My 2 year old is a very rough little girl she breaks everything so naturally when I got this I thought ok it will be broke soon because its all plastic . Nope still standing and she has done everything to it . I do recommend this toy box . I looked over at Wal Mart who was selling the same toy box for a lot more . So great deal here at amazon .
 This thing is huge , sturdy and easy to assemble . I bought two . Holds lots of toys and my kids climb all over this thing and it holds them fine .
 Super cute very durable toy box - unfortunately the locking clips broke while we were putting it together . I could n't be bothered to return it . We put 1 clip on each side instead of 2 and it 's been holding up just fine with our 13 month old daughter and 120 lbs dog !
 I love this toy box !!! All of the toys are neatly put away and out of sight . It also teaches that everything has a place and makes for kids/parents to have an easy clean up . Very durable and was very easy to put together as well . The only thing I would change is that the lid comes off completely it would be easier especially for my little one if she could just lift it up instead of it falling off because it 's heavy for her -LRB- she is 2 -RRB- ... so keep in mind to help take the lid off when child is ready to play but it was still well worth it and a very good price : -RRB-
 purchased two for our grandaughters , we chose this for the size and also the lid is removable so it will not fall down and pinch little fingers . Both sets of parents are very pleased.Little Tikes Giant Toy Chest Pink
 So glad I purchased this toy chest . I have been searching for a toy chest to house ALL the random toys in the family room , and this toy chest fits the bill . Apparently there are more than one model of the same chest because the one received did not have the dividers like previous reviewers mentioned . I checked the Little Tikes website and they mentioned something about discontinuing the dividers . This was not a big deal with me but some people may desire the dividers . This chest was able to hold almost all of my child 's toys . It took about 20 mins to put together . Very happy that I purchased this and would recommend this item to others .
 I do a lot of research when it comes to buying anything . So when it was time to buy a toybox I looked at many different ones for my 17 month old daugheter . I decieded on the Little Tykes Giant Pink Toy Box because
 Ahhhh ! Now this is a good box . It 's a lot more sturdy than you would think . It 'll hold my little brother and sister both . The top always stays off now that we discovered it also works pretty good as an ice or snow drag sled . Thanks .
 Little Tikes strike again . I found myself buying the matching blue toy chest when my son was born . I bought the pink one for my daughter and it still looks just as good as the day we bought it . They are very durable . The yellow dividers come out if you want them to . These will last a life time .
 We purchased this toy box as a Christmas present for our 1 year old daughter . Already having a decorative toy chest for her bedroom , we wanted a large box to keep in the toyroom that was more `` child friendly '' . We love this box ! It is so nice and roomy . The dividers are a great way to keep favorite toys within easy access . I personally like that the lid is not attached . I can sit it aside and let our daughter take out her toys ... without worrying about a lid falling on her head . It is lightweight , and she probably could drag it around , although the toys inside weigh it down ... We , and our daughter , could n't be more pleased !
 I love these toy boxes !! finally one large enough to hold the big toys and the little toys ! And it looks nice too . We have one in the twins room and one in the living room and both are full ! But my floors are much cleaner now . They are sturdy , easy to put together , and they are light enough for me to move around yet not for the twins . The only think I would like is the dividers to snap in or something like that . I like to use them but the kids just pull them out right away so I have removed them . These are an awesome purchase !
 I purchased this toy box for my best friend when she was having her first son and then I bought a diff . tox box for my son 's room and wish that I had bought this one now ! My friend is now expecting her second child and wants the same tox box for him also . It is HUGE !!! The only gripe that she has is that the lid comes off but otherwise it does it 's job and does it well it deff . holds all of his toys ! The durable plastic is also nice especially for boys who climb on and into everything ! Very Safe and Very Big !!! A MUST BUY
 I looked around at many different toy boxes . I 've seen all types of cute little toy boxes but nothing big enough for all my daughter toys . That when I came across the giant toy box . This is the most convient toy boy ever .
 This toy chest was very easy to setup -LRB- 5 minutes at the most -RRB- . More importantly , it is durable . My daughter was climbing on it as soon as I set it up and it held up well . It also has a pretty good amount of storage space . If you are looking for something to keep the dozens of toys that are all over your living room , this is a good choice . Highly recommended .
 I bought two of the pink toy boxes for my girls . They both really love them . My girls are 4 and almost a year old . They hold so many toys . I would say they were worth the money .
 Love the size of chest colors are great . Wish it had safety hinged top but it 's not attched . Highly recommend this .
 I really liked this product . It holds lots of toys big and small and it is easy for my daughter to get toys out of it . I do not use the lid and it was tricky to put together but all in all i would recommend it to anyone .
 Difficult to put together ... looks easy , but the plastic pegs were hard to get in place ! Once my brother and husband pounded on the pegs for awhile , it locked in and is now a nice , big place for storage for my daughter . Other than the difficult assembly , the only other drawback is the lid is very heavy and not attached , which , for little kids means they need help opening the large toy box ... It 's awkward for me , so you can imagine it 's difficult for little ones ... All in all , a large , sturdy toy box . I gave it a 4 , not a 5 because of the annoying assembly and the lid being a bit heavy and not attached , but I 'd still recommend it to a friend . : -RRB-
 I bought this toy box for my one year old to keep her toys under control . It 's a nice , big size and has nice round edges so there are no sharp corners to whack her head on . As other reviewers have said , it was kind of difficult to put together , but it can be done . The plastic plates that hold it together do n't seem to line up , no matter what you do . My husband used a ratcheting tie down , cinched the sides together and used a mallet to knock the plates into place . Once it 's 100 % together , it 's sturday and solid . I think the product itself is wonderful , it 's assembly leaves something to be desired .
 Okay so the item is solid plastic . The decorations are super cute and I did n't notice them when I ordered so they were a surprise . However my toy box had to be returned because the store where I got it from -LRB- purchased through Amazon but it came from a supplier other than amazon like all of amazon 's items -RRB- did n't return it to Little Tikes . See evidently a huge batch of these were not drilled properly and the shape of the entire toy box was off . Nothing aligned properly . The batch was not recalled but when it should have only taken maybe ten minutes to set this up ... no nails , simply put in place with a locking thing similar to a 3-D puzzle but extremely durable and just as durable if not more than little tikes classic red and yellow car . Anyway , it took me over two hours to try to fit together something that was made incorrectly . WHat really makes me angry is that rather than the supplier sending these back to Little Tikes they are making the buyers do their dirty work . I was really angry about this because I needed this and should have simply bought this from a place closer to home . HOwever , little tikes was nice enough to help me out because they were afraid if I sent it back to the supplier that I would get another one like this . Therefore they worked with me on this issue . I ca n't wait to get my new one soon . WARNING to all before you even open your package call little tikes ... well you might have to open it to get the information ... but call them before you even begin to set up the toy box . This way you wo n't waste your time messing around for hours on a ` simple to-do in your sleep ' as this toy box is that easy to set up .
 I have purchased several of these toy chests for my grandchildren . The first five were $ 59.99 and all of a sudden they are now $ 199.99 . Will not purchase one at this price , even though I think it is a wonderful toy chest ... safe , attractive , and hold many toys .
 I got this toy chest for my twin daughters to share for X-mas . And let me tell you it was the greatest idea since all of the new toys fit perfectly in it . So we went and bought another one for our older daughter . Great item !!!
 I bought this toy box for my daughter , who has her toys everywhere this box is pretty big and holds a lot stuff and is sturdy , should last a long time . The one draw back is the lid does not attach , it just sits on top , so it is hard for my three year old to take off the lid as it can fall on her , so we just leave it off . Overall I recommend it , just wish the lid was on a hinge .
 Had problems at first assembling using hammer on plastic corner connectors . Instructions listed hammer -LRB- first -RRB- or mallet . Using the hammer -LRB- and lightly -RRB- broke 2 of the connectors . Contacted Little Tykes and they sent a replacement kit of 4 corner connectors . BOUGHT a mallet to try again . Worked better . Box has good capacity and so far , has withstood my 2-year old granddaughter climbing in and out of it . Though bigger and available in pink or blue , I still like the original one-piece molded bottom -LRB- that I purchased years ago for my grandson who is now 12 ; his little sister now has his old toy box at their home . Was worried about plastic connectors and only one per corner . We 'll see ... It 's only been a couple of months and does n't get everyday use . Love all Little Tykes products purchased in past for my kids and gramdkids .
 Santa brought this for my new baby girl . My husband assembled it very quickly and easily . It 's the perfect shade of pink and will go great in her room . It holds a ton ! I love that the lid lifts off completely so I wo n't have to worry about it coming down and hitting her or pinching little fingers . This was a great deal and arrived about 3 or 4 days after the order was placed . I saved about $ 40 by purchasing this on Amazon .
 Nice and durable , holds lots of toys ! Would recommend to other buyers . Make sure you have enough space . Nice though !
 This toybox is very large and roomy . It needed to be assembled , but was very easy to do . It should easily hold all my granddaughters toys !
 I needed a GIANT toy box for my twins . This fits all of their toys and I love that the lid comes completely off so I can move it out of the way . Very durable and a great buy .
 If you go to the manufacturer 's site both the blue and pink are $ 59.99 . Ca n't understand why Amazon would charge so much more just because it 's pink . Did not buy from Amazon .
 I purchased this toy chest for my two daughters -LRB- 5 & 7 yrs old -RRB- . Great look , nice size and does the job . They have been using it now for about 5 months and it still is in great condition and looks nice in there room . Putting it together was kind of a pain because some of the pieces -LRB- only sides , top , and bottom to put together -RRB- did n't seem to fit as easily as i would have expected . Took some force and a hammer to do the job but afterwards no problems .
 The toy box itself is wonderful , assembly looks to be a snap , it is anything but ! Do n't be afraid to hammer the heck out of it during assembly , that is the only way to put it together ! Holds an enormous amount of toys !
 This toy box is wonderful . It is so huge , durable , and easy to clean . Awesome price for the size , especially since so many others are half the size and twice the price!I read just about every review on this before purchasing it . In my opinion , it was NOT as hard to put together as so many made it seem like . . Snap everything together , then get a hammer and smash in those small pieces that act as a giant nail to keep it together . That was the hardest part , but my husband did it while I made sure the walls were in the right spot . Took 5-10minutes altogether . If you do it with someone , it wo n't be as hard . . Though , doing it alone I can understand why it seemed almost impossible . Get some help and have one person keeping the pieces in the correct spot while the other uses the hammer.Now , on the size of the toy box . . We have twin girls and have two of every toy and stuffed animal . Every single toy AND stuffed animal fits in there , with extra room ! It 's amazing . . The top does come off , but I do n't find that a problem . I like it because I was always worried about one of them getting stuck in there . Lol . Whenever it 's time to get toys , I just put the lid to the side , let them choose some toys , then put the top back on ! Once they are older -LSB- they are 14months now -RSB- and strong enough , they can take it off themselves . But for now , I prefer it this way.All in all , I love this toy box .
 Like I say , excellent product . HUGE . Stores a ton of toys . Then there 's the assembly . 5 simple pieces not counting the lid . Seems simple . Then you realize there 's no screws or anything like that . This company designed there own rectangular shaped plates that have these screw like tips that go into the holes in the walls of the toy chest . Problem is when you line up all the sides , the holes do n't line up wht the stupid pegs !!! Anyway . I got my hammer as instructed and began to whack the hell out of the plates dead center . Despite they do n't look lined up , once you whack th plates in the middle , eventually they will fall into place . A headache , but it 's over . Took me about 10 mins to finish . Bottom line
 I bought this toybox for my granddaughter to put all of those toys in to help clean up her room and keep it organized . I was very happy with the size of the toybox and also the look of it . As sturdy as it is , I know that it will last not only her childhood , but also another one too . Great product . After comparing the prices of other toyboxes and their small sizes with big prices , I knew this was the one for me and her . If you need storage and a great look for a bedroom , buy this toybox . Not only was she happy to receive this , but her dad was too !
 It 's just wonderful , and big enough for all my daughters toys . The dividers are a plus ! Enough said !
 I debated purchasing this toy box after I read the reviews about how the lid was a problem . Even though it does come off we have not found it to be a problem . It is very light and it just slides behind it up against the wall ... my daughter can still play with it and it holds quite a bit .
 My house was being consumed by my 14 month old 's toys . This box stores them all with room for more . I am happy with my purchase . My baby climbs in this thing and it 's very sturdy . She will use it for years to come .
 I bought this for my 4 year old for her birthday . Her room was a mess with all her toys and i had to do something ... This toy box is HUGE . We love it ! It fits all of my daughters toys with room to spare ! Also , some of the comments say that this is very hard to assemble ... my boyfriend got home from work and had this put together in 5 minutes tops !!! it just slides together and then you pop in 4 squares to keep it together ! Highly recommend !!
 Great toy box lot of room for all her toys . Plus she stands on it . Cant hurt it . Not with our 5yr . old
 This toybox is just what I was looking for . It 's huge and it 's durable . We have been through quite a few toyboxes and this one is by far the best . I do n't have to worry about it being destroyed . It 's easy to clean and can hold just about everything . Very pleased !
 We purchased this giant toy box to replace two smaller toy boxes that we had . It holds most of the toys , but is great as a space saver since it 's just one box . Our daughter loves it and can oftentimes be found digging deep into the bottom , with her legs hanging over the edge . Also , since it 's made of plastic , she does her doodles on the box with washable markers and she has a lot of fun with it . Easy to put together and well worth the price .
 I bought the old version of this toy box the one with out the colored bottom about 6 years ago , and still have it in perfect condition . I bought this when my oldest daughter was 2 shes 8 now so I passed it down to my 2 1/2 year old twins and they love it to . It 's been colored on and i just spray clorex clean up on it and it claens right up . The fun part of it for my twins is they empty the toys out and get in there with their pillow and act like its a bed . ... We also put the lid behind it sometime then when playtime is over we put it back . Well anyways its 6 years old and in mint conditon so its very worth the money .
 This toybox holds an amazing amount of toys . I love the fact the lid comes completely off and it 's so sturdy . My only complaint is that the dividers come out so easily , my daughter loves to pull them out and hide them . Very durable , and no sharp corners to bump into . A good value for your money .
 My mom had this toy box for my little sisters for about six years , when she did n't needed no more she gave it away to a friend of hers . I bought this toy box on april 2002 for my 2 1/2 years old daughter and I 'm very happy with it . I do n't have any problems with the lid I put it away when my daughter is playing with her toys and put it back on when she is done . I live in a small apartment in New York and do n't have the space for toys laying around so this toy box works great for me because is very big compare to many toy boxes in the market and it 's very durable . this is a toy box that you can expect to last for many many years to come.It will grow up with your child .
 I bought the blue toy box for my 2 year old son a short time ago . I love it . It holds so much stuff -LRB- child included -RRB- . He climbs in there and plays with the toys . Now that i am expecting a little girl I made sure that this item was on my registry for her in pink . It really makes the mess disappear . The lid having to be removed is not an issue . It became one of the toys . My son races cars on top of it . Very durable and child friendly . A little rough assembling but hope to do it again . Well worth every penny !
 My mother-in-law bought this toy box for my daughter when she was two . She 's now six and it 's as good as the day we pulled it out of the box ! It was easy to assemble , the lid comes right off for play time so there are no concerns about smashed fingers and it 's huge without being overwhelming . It 's easy to keep clean too , a swipe with a damp cloth does the trick . The really nice thing is that as my daughter got older and her toys became bulkier and harder , the toy box continued taking a beating and still looks great . The wide base prevents any tipping , a problem I noticed with some other toy boxes . We absolutely love it ! Now we have a little boy and he 'll be getting the same box in blue .
 Alot of people told me not to buy this item because of the trouble with it 's lid . I have found no problem with it 's lid , and can easily retrive my 1 year old daughter 's toys with one hand , while lifting the cover up with the other . In fact , she can do the same . It may be that her toy box is postioned in the corner of two walls , but it is so easy to do , that even she can do it ! I love this box , it is so sturdy , tough , and conveinient . I think it 's a must have .
 My twin daughters recived the toy box for christmas from grandma and before the toy box I had a hard time picking up the room and it actually looking clean . Now they help me clean and the toy box is big enough to fit TWO of everything!It goes perfect with the country table by little tikes I bought them .
 got this for my 15 month old daughter and it is a big help with all her toys . it is really durable and easy to put together . would use seller again .
 We bought 2 of these - one blue and one pink . Both are good sized , but no obnoxious . Very well made and extremely durable for young children . I have no hesitation recommending this toy box to anyone looking for storage . Well worth the money .
 Easy to put together , and kid tough ! My daughter loves to throw all of her toys in and out of this toybox !
 We needed a toy box for the living room , my daughters toys were all over the place ! this was easy to put together and it HUGE ! So many toys fit in it and my daughter digs around in it !
 I Have purchased several toy boxes that just fall appart . . This toy box is very durable it is so huge Both of my daughters were so excited with their new toybox . Once my Husband put it together my oldest daughter right away started filling it with toys . WOW it just eliminated about five plastic bins of toys . . this is a great idea if you are looking for a giant durable toybox . . I will probably be purchasing another one once my 10 month old gets a little older . . Love It . .
 after buying it i think i shouldve got a toy chest that can close and open without having to remove the lid . thats a personal prefrence . Now what was a pain in the butt was putting it together . putting up the first 3 sides is easy once you add the forth everything goes out of whack . we got so frustrated we just screwed it together with a regular drill . had it for over a year and it keeps my house clean so i cant complain .
 Large functional toy box . Durable and big . 2 things every kid needs in a toy box . A + transaction with quick delivery .
 I 've been searching for a good durable toy box for my kids . The size of this one is awesome . :-RRB- I got 1 for a. Girl and 1 . Blue for boy . Its very recommendable for the price . : -RRB-
 This toy box is perfect for my three-year-old granddaughter and her piles of miscellaneous toys . She can easily open and close it herself and it holds quite a lot of toys . It was bigger than I thought it would be . Good buy for the price .
 This thing is huge on the inside . The way that it 's curved allows you to put a lot more is it . Oh ! And lets not forget to mention what fun the lid itself is .
 This Toy box is very big I have not found a toy box this big . It is made of all plastic and once you get it together it is very sturdy . I am giving it 4 stars because 2 things I was a little disappointed about . # 1 it was not that easy to put together.The sides were very hard to line up as if they did not fit.After a while I almost gave up and then finally with as much strength as I had I knocked it in to place . # 2 I thought it had something that kept the lid open so my toddler did not have to pull the lid on and off to get her toys . It does not have anything that keeps the lid open.You have to pull it off and on to get the toys . If all these things are OK with you then this is a great toy box to get .
 We bought this Toy box for our daughter when she was 2 , we had just moved and she had a big room and a ton of toys . The previous wooden toy box she had pinched her fingers because the lid would slam shut . I love that the top comes completly off of this one . We just keep it off most of the time and stick it in a closet , we pull it out only when wanting the room to stay neat for company . The only real complaint I have is that the dividers come out way to easy , and my daughter refuses to leave them in . But no big deal really , just means she has to search a little harder for what she is looking for . We are now looking for a blue one for our sons room , he just turned 1 and his toy collection is growing faster than he is . I definately would recommend this to anyone with enough space . It is kind of large , but that is one of its best features .
 I 've had this toy box for just over 5 years now , and it 's still as good as new . The only flaw that I can think of is that every now and then one of the sides will come off as I 'm trying to move it , but it 's so easy to put back on that it 's not really as issue . It was completely easy to assemble and it requires no tools to do so . I would definitely recommend that you purchase this toy box if you 're looking to store a lot of toys .
 My daughter always took out the dividers so the toys all got mixed together in one big glob . my main problem is the big heavy lid that comes off . Its strong and fun to climb on for the kids , but im going with something that has a better lid next time .
 I purchased this toy box almost a year ago for my toddlers -LRB- ages 3 and 1 -RRB- . Pros :1 . The colors are soft and appealing . The design is very pretty and my children were immediately drawn to it . It looks fantastic in their playroom .2 . It is HUGE , and holds a massive amount of toys .3 . Very safe - The lid does not have a hinge and easily pops off . This is essential for a toddler 's toy box . The girls love to climb in it , and I know that they wo n't get locked in or hurt by a hinge .4 . Very reasonable price . This is a STURDY and LARGE toy box that is under $ 60 . There are smaller toy boxes for double the price that are not worth the expense.Cons :1 . The lid does not stand up when open . This means that I usually just leave it off and cram it behind the toy box . Not a deal breaker , just a little annoying . The older version of this toy box had a lid that opened and stood open , but I do not believe they sell it anymore .2 . It is SO big that my 20 month old can not lean over and reach items in the bottom . My three year old can , though , so she will just have to grow into it . She has resolved this issue by climbing into it to get the toys that she wants .
 I was am very impressed with the size of this toy box . It 's amazing . The plastic is very durable and it is an attractive piece . The depth of the toy box makes it deep enough that it can hold enough stuff no matter how big or small . I would definitely recommend this because now clean up is a breeze .
 This toy chest is big and fits a lot . It arrived fast and it is really strong . I would recommend it to anyone who has toys all over the place !
 This is a great toy box . Larger than all of the other toy boxes and very durable . My two year old daughter loves it .
 I hesitated for a long time to buy another toy box for two reasons . 1 -RRB- . I did n't want the toys to just be thrown one on top of the other and never get played with . 2 -RRB- . They are expensive . But I bit the bullet and bought this and I am so happy that I did . It is sooo big , well made and nice to look at . The only thing I do n't like is the lid . I wish there was something it could rest in like other toy boxes I have , but instead it either sits closed on top of the toy box or it needs to be taken off and set to the side . I put our lid down in the basement because it was too frustrating to mess with all the time . But other then that we love it and I should 've bought it sooner . The toys are off my floor and in this now ! The lid is the only reason I gave it 4 stars . * I should also note I had a tiny bit of difficulty putting it together by myself . I am a handy woman who can do a lot for myself . When putting the final small side piece in I noticed the pieces were not fitting together perfectly . So after fussing with it for a little bit I just put my knee on it and stood up to put enough pressure on it to get a flush closure with the plastic pieces it comes with to snap into the holes . I do n't know if anyone else had this problem , but it just needs some pressure . It can be done with one person , but it would 've been a little easier had I gotten my husband to help push down . But it was no big deal either way : -RRB-
 I bought this toy box for my 2 yr old to replace the 4 tubs of toys she had . It is plenty big , extremely easy to assemble , very durable and over a great product ! I would recommend this to any parent wanting to organize a childs room .
 This toy box is great if you need a quick place to hide toys when cleaning up . I can fit quite a bit but it 's size is also a downfall . My daughter is tiny for her age -LRB- she 's 15 months but the size of a 9 month old ! -RRB- and she ca n't get the top off by herself or reach the bottom so she will whine when she sees something in there but ca n't reach it . I love it and would n't trade it in but my main goal was to be able to quickly hide her toys when cleaning up at night . It does that well . Keep in mind that the top is not attached and is somewhat awkward/heavy for kids so do n't expect them to take it off and put it on with out help . At least not when they 're young .
 Very durable and safe for children . Would have waited to purchase until my daughter was 3 , but an age suggestion was not listed on the product information at the time of my purchase . I have to open the lid and sit it aside for my daughter and turn the chest on its side for safe playing until she is older . She is currently 1 year and 17 months .
 I think this is one of the best products I have purchased . It is think and sturdy and the kids fill it quickly :-RRB- . I love it .
 Keeps all the toys in one place . Assembling it was a little hard if you do n't follow instructions exactly you can end up breaking some parts .
 I love this toy box ! It 's HUGE for the price ! and my 2yo daughter LOVES it !! We play the clean up game and she knows to put all her toys in it and it holds EVERYTHING !!! My only complaint with it is that the sides did n't quite line up . I had to return the first one because it would n't fit at all but the second one It just is n't quite a perfect match but still holds up great ! Still definitely recommend !! And I would buy again !
 Received the Little Tikes Toy Chest I purchased for my granddaughter today . It was very easy to put together except for one thing ... two of the connector plates would not align properly so they would not insert into the holes provided . This is not a major issue since the toy chest will not come apart without the connector plates . I do think this should be addressed by Little Tikes though . The toy box is very sturdy and large enough to fit all of my granddaughter 's toys . I 'm sure she will get many years of enjoyment out of this toy chest .
 Love this toy chest . Big and durable and all my 2 yr olds toys fit no problem . The lid comes off and she loves using it as a `` boat or sled '' with her older brother .
 I do n't understand the complaints about this toy box . It was a little bit of a pain to put together but it 's very durable and easy to clean . It has taken any beating my twin daughters have handed it . They have so many toys that I keep the lid off so this is not an issue for me .
 I received it fast . . its a big toy chest and i love it . . only down fall is there was no instructions and some pieces were missing . .
 The size of this toy box is great ! It holds plenty . I like that there are no small screws and bolts and it will not squeeze small fingers . To be honest it was a pain to assemble . Trying to put plastic pieces into slots and then to line them up took two of us .
 WOW ! I ordered this for my granddaughters 1st birthday to put all of her toys in , and let me tell you it really has a lot of space . It arrived quickly and I was very impressed once it was put together . The price was unbeatable .
 This toy box is great ! I have 2 older children who each had wooden toy boxes . Although they fit into the home better looking as a piece of furniture , the storage was never good ... Just not big enough . The Little Tikes Giant Toy Chest is perfect ! It holds everything and I do n't have to look at the stray toys that would n't fit in . Plus I love that the top comes off and I do n't have to worry about a falling lid crushing baby fingers . I read many reviews where this was a complaint ... but I look at it totally opposite !
 This is a wonderful toybox . No need to worry about little fingers getting squashed , and it certainly is big ! When she climbs in it , she 's in heaven . Thank you ...
 This is a great product , the exception is ; its very difficult to assemble , it calls for he use of a hammer and if your not careful you can crack it like we did . Also it would have been better for the lid to somehow attach .
 We read the reviews and we knew the top was not going to stay on the toybox , but we bought it anyway and we are thrilled with it . This thing holds more toys than any other toy box you will find , took 3 mins to assemble , fits in a closet , and our 20 month old daughter loves tossing her toys in there during `` clean-up '' .
 I bought this Sock 'em Bop Buddy from Toys R Us for my 4 year old daughter as she seemed to need a safe place to channel some aggression . You can weight the bottom down with either sand or water from your kitchen sink . There were two chambers to blow up and it was n't that difficult as long as you have good lungs . The best thing about this toy -LRB- unlike the old clown ones of the past -RRB- is that he calls out to you with each hit -LRB- he 's motion activated -RRB- . He says things like , `` Is that the best you can do '' , or `` Ouch , that 's going to leave a mark '' . It was hilarious . Unfortunately though , he sprang an air leak after about 5 days -LRB- and he was sitting in my carpeted family room -RRB- and had to be blown up twice a day to keep his shape . After a day or two of that , he was beyond help . The patch that came with him was dried up and unusable , so back to the store he went . My daughter did love it though .
 Great for kids that ca n't get outside to run and play . They can punch , slam and kick it . Wonderful for kids with disabilities I was n't too sure about this gift but it turned out to be a blessing that our kids loved !
 I ask my grand daughter Mariah who is 6 1/2 years old , what she thought I should buy her brother for his birthday , Mariah replied ' a punching bag so he will quit punching me ' and then she smiled and chuckled . I have an Adult size punching bag and I have shown Mariah how to punch it too.We gave this to Brenden for his birthday , he is now 4 , he loves it and now Mariah would like to have one in her room too !
 My son , who 's in daycare and often gets into squabbles , has learned to channel his punching and hitting towards this guy . He gets quite a workout everyday and is now less aggressive at school .
 Cool Toy . I gave it to my 4 year old nephew . His 6 year old sister , 2 year old cousin and my two 9 and 10 year olds all played with it . Now my kids want one .
 I bought this toy for my 9 year old son . He just loves to play and punch this sockem boppem guy and I think that is because he talks when you hit him . The toy jumps right back up and he is n't that easy to knock down . My son is not a small boy , by any means , he 57 inches tall and 100 lbs . and this toy takes whatever he dishes out . If you are going to buy a punchy bag this is the one to get .
 I bought this toy for our tough six year old boy . He wanted it but when it was inflated he got quiet and told me he was afraid of the face . He said it was too mean looking and that I should tell the people who make it to put a better face on it !!! That 's my kid ! It bothered him so much that I had to deflate it and will bring it back to the store today . It was one of his bday presents . Besides the mean/scary face , this tough toy withstood alot of punches from my little guy during it 's `` trial period '' . I think it 's important to have an outlet for an active kid so I will buy him a similar item without a face and I hope it is as durable as this one was .
 Bought this for my 4 year old son . He absolutely LOVED it . The voice cracked him up . It lasted for several months of just punching ... then we had a playdate . Poor Bop Buddy did n't survive being tackled by 5 enthusiastic 4 year olds . A small hole popped in a seam and we were n't able to patch it .
 Great for the price paid ! A little cumbersome with respect to filling up the water but the kids love it n so do I : - -RRB-
 This review is written by my 7 year old ! It 's great ! I love it ! It 's great for little kids ! I 'm getting exercise ! And I can get my angry feelings out ! It makes funny sounds and keeps you occupied ! You can just keep on hitting it !
 My daughter loved this and got many years of use out of it . The plastic was really thick and no matter how hard it was punched it did not puncture . The voice worked well also .
 After all the expensive , electronic toys have lost thier appeal , this toy is still taking daily punches , kicks and body slams !! My two boys , 7 and 4 , love 'em and play with this endlessly . Still the Champion after all these years !!
 My 7 year old son and 4 year old daughter love this toy ! They really go to town kicking and punching it . They both took karate and think it is really fun to test out their moves . I would highly recommend this toy . Not to mention , it is very inexpensive . It would make a great gift for someone else . It is very durable and we used the water option to weight the bottom but I think the sand option as the weight would be much better .
 I bought this for my son who likes to take out his extra energy on his sister . When he gets mad we tell him to go take it out on his Bop Buddy . It can withstand lots of kicks and punches . He also uses it to practice his Karate . It has been a great !!
 I 've been told that I have some anger issues because my temper is red-hot sometimes . Sometimes I have to go see Dr. Bertrand for something my parents call `` anger manegment '' . Basically , Dr. Bertrand has been trying to find ways to get me to express my anger , so that I do n't end up `` seriously hurting someone '' , or `` wind up in prison '' . I 'm not too happy about this , but I guess I really have got into some situations over the years , so I guess I can KIND of see their point.The thing is though , none of them EVER seem to be my fault . It 's ridiculous when I think about all of the times I 've been in trouble , and how it 's always someone else to blame , but they pin it on good-ol ' Tuttleman anyways . They see me as an easy-target because of my brute-strength and strong belief in self-defense methods . The best example was when last year , my dad had just sprayed some kind of chemical on the lawn and told me to make sure that no one walked on it for the rest of the day . I guarded that lawn like a HAWK from the porch . The stupid paper-kid rode his bike right through my perimeter so I had to take action due to my dad 's orders . I used the garden hose as sort of a lasso , simply to try to gently pull him and his bicyle from the lawn onto the drive-way . Well , the kid ended up coming off of the bike and re-injuring an old foot-sprain that he got earlier that year . The kid TOTALLY sold the injury like he was dying , and his family threatened legal action against me . Of course , I 'M the one who my dad was mad at even though I was just following orders . Now , since we are not allowed to recieve the Detroit Free Press anymore , I am now forced to pick up the paper for my dad every day as some kind of passive-aggressive punishment.Another time involved a punching spree that I went on trying to kill some renegade wasps in our yard when I was grounded a few years back . Dad 's car got dented , the porch-light got torn down , I tore off some of the side-door molding and Mom 's tomato garden got partially destroyed again . I could n't even find the bee corpses to prove my innocence.Now I admit , I do sometimes act in anger towards others , but ONLY if the situation warrants it . I have attacked a few people here and there -LRB- and a dog or two -RRB- , but only when my life was threatened . Did you ever feel like you have had an out of body experience ? I guess it 's quite common . It 's like when you can SEE yourself doing something , but when it 's over you snap back into reality and say `` was that really me ? , I never would have done that . '' So how can you really be blamed for this !? This happens all of the time to me . It 's like when someone ripped open all of Mr. Capelli 's garbage bags on trash-night and spread trash all over his lawn and in the street . I ended up getting in trouble for it later that day . It was n't my fault though . He had had some harsh words for me after an errant boomerang broke his window the day before . That night , it was like a dream ; I could SEE myself ripping into the trash-bags with that rake . I could n't stop it though . It was like watching your evil-twin try to frame you or something , right in front of your eyes , and you are powerless to stop it . When I finally snapped back into my body , I DID try to hide in his garage , but because I knew I was innocent and no one was going to believe my super-natural experience . Luckily , my parents said they would believe this -LRB- true -RRB- excuse , on the condition that I see Dr. Bertrand once every two weeks.So that brings us to Dr. Bertrand 's alternate methods of releasing your anger , or whatever he wants to call it . He asked me what something I love to do was . I told him I am quite the harmonica player . His suggestion was that instead of fighting with violence , I should keep my harmonica with me at all times -LRB- already do , doc -RRB- and play my lungs out on it whenever I lose my temper . This works some of the time I guess . He was pleased with my improvement , but just as a back-up plan he suggested I get something like this `` Sock 'em Bop Buddy '' punching bag . He said I can punch this as MUCH as I want if I 'm mad . Now if I 'm mad at dad , Buddy suddenly morphs into him and I beat the tar out of him and scream and put choke-holds on him and bash him against the wall and hit him with tennis rackets , things of that nature . I can basically make Buddy morph into anybody in my basement . The major flaw in Dr. Bertrand 's `` solution '' is that Buddy ca n't be everywhere with me at all times . Therefore , things happen , ya know ? But whatever . Seeing Dr. Bertrand is making me look good so I do n't get in as much trouble -LRB- `` but mom ! I 'm trying to control my problem ! I ca n't help it ! '' -RRB- heh heh hehIn conclusion , Buddy can be any person or animal you visualize him to be . Just a warning though , I 'm already on my second Buddy-bag because I tried to bite a hole in his face during a fight with him when I visualized him as Dr. Bertrand . I told my mom that Morris did it anyways . Whatever . Buy the dumb toy if you want to . Later.howardtuttleman.com
 I bought these dice to use in my Sunday School for games . The kids love them . It really adds to the game having these fun extra large dice . The dice have really stood up to the use and abuse too . They still look brand new .
 These dice are a little bigger than golf balls . Great construction , except they are made of foam that rips if chewed . Of course , they are n't intended for chewing , so this is an fyi if you have a toddler or dog .
 The dice do what they are supposed to . When ordering I expected them to be a little bigger , but they are only golf ball sized . They are the right combination of rigid and soft and very functional as dice .
 I am a language teacher , and my students get a kick out of these dice . Not only are they huge , but they are also squishy . They are also fun to roll , because they are oversized . Fun !
 The product is good for the kids to practice counting and the colors make it fun . The dice came as described but the service was a bit slow .
 The first Tracy we got -LRB- at Christmas -RRB- had defective eyes that were permanently rolled up into her head in this creepy , vacant stare . We exchanged her for a model with functioning eyes , but noticed there were a number of others on the shelf with the same problem . Something to be aware of ...
 The wheel broke in 2 hours . This is my second wooden one that broke .
 My almost four-year-old son got obsessed with Jay Jay after receiving a few of the planes for Christmas . He begged for Revvin Evan for so long that I finally relented . The products are difficult to find these days , so Amazon is the only place I could get it . He absolutely loves it , and it seems plenty durable .
 Belive the hype . I got Brad 's `` Street Magic '' DVD and 2 others . Do n't get me wrong , pratice is essential , but the pay off is worth it . For days my son could n't believe his eyes his dad could make things vanish and reappear , even levitate ! Do n't expect to play poker with your buds any more either , but then again babes will be all over you . Image never having to be bored at another party . There 's just something about floating a borrowed dollar bill out out of someone 's hand into mid-air that , then giving it back to them that boggles the mind .
 I would like to start this review by saying that I am a 28 year old male who has never done any sort of magic in my life . So I am a true beginner in every sense of the term . I stumbled across `` How To Do Street Magic '' one day after watching a David Blaine special on television . I was searching the internet for an item or items that would teach me how to do anything remotely close to what David Blaine does . Let me tell you , with this video , I found EXACTLY what I was looking for !!! I ordered the video and within 3 days it was waiting for me in my mailbox . I was so excited to start learning the secrets of magic and I assumed that it may take me months to actually perform any of the effects on the DVD . I WAS WRONG ! Brad Christian phenomenally executes the teaching of each and every aspect of each and every effect . You can tell he wants to make sure that when you perform any of these illusions you are going to nail it . His teaching makes the learning process so much easier and I was able to perform several of the effects the next day !!! With this being said , I want to remind you that I had never performed magic before I purchased this video . It really is that amazing !!! To further solidify the fact that you should buy this DVD let me tell you about some of the reactions I have received when performing some of these wonderful effects . - `` Burned '' This is the first effect taught on the DVD and it blows people away !!! I work in a bank and one night after we closed I performed this for the ladies that I work with . The reactions I got were priceless ! There were four of them and all of them were in awe . One of the ladies literally said , `` Let me out of here ! This is n't right . This is just not right at all ! '' Another one said , `` Are you the devil ? '' There were screams and laughter . It was perfect !!! This is only a tiny , tiny portion of what is taught on this masterpiece . This DVD is jam-packed with twenty-two effects and flourishes that will have you performing magic within hours of watching the video . `` How To Do Street Magic '' is the perfect way to start your experience in magic . It will get your feet wet and teach you things that will AMAZE !!! Do yourself a favor and purchase this DVD today . You will not be disappointed at all .
 This is probably one of the best done videos . If you are a beginner , it is a great way to see if street magic is for you . Brad Christian is a wonderful teacher . I have a few of his other videos as well . He is by far one of the best magic instructors out there . He can really break down the moves so that you understand and then can perform them . I was doing magic the first day I got this video and impressing my family who did n't know I could do that sort of magic . That is how easy it was to learn !!!! Definately worth the price if you want to learn real closeup magic .
 I did alot of magic when I was a kid and as a grew older I sort of fell out of the magic game . When I finally got the magic bug again I found this DVD . It 's packed full of mostly everything you need to get started in magic . The teaching by Brad is very in depth and informative that with just a little practice you will be performing these amazing effects in no time at all !
 This is the ultimate introduction to magic . If you are just getting into magic and want to learn how to freak peoples minds this is the DVD for you !
 This is by far the best beginner video out there , about Brad Christian all i can say is that he is one of the best if not the BEST magic instructor . If you are going to buy this video or other of the many -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My son absolutely loves this , he just loves magic and all he does is study . Bought this as a gift and worth every penny !
 I busted open the packaging , and shoved it into the DVD Player . To be honest , I was skeptical at first because I did n't know what to expect . But after watching the first trick , I knew I was into something good ... very good . And it only got better.Then , I had to find my `` dummy . '' Someone that was willing to sit through attempt after attempt , until I was ready for the `` real world '' . I know that I wo n't ever forget when the glass on the dinner table disappeared . My dad 's eyes were almost as big as the half dollar that was in my pocket , ready to be used for my next move . I soon found out that this look was common.Anyone who purchases the video should be prepared for heads slamming on tables , and the funniest response I 've had so far , seeing peoples back as they RUN AWAY ! I could n't believe it.If only they knew how easy it was to do with a little practice ... Then I rose off the ground , about 3 inches . I stumbled , almost falling over . `` It took all the energy out of me '' I replied . They watched , amazed , and the teacher -LRB- an educated man of PHYSICS -RRB- , stumbled just as I did . `` I think I may have broken some of Newton 's laws , '' I said softly . The teacher looked at me with eyes like those of my father 's . Throughout that day , I performed several tricks I had learned and received similar looks . Those huge , bugged-eyed looks are scary at first , but take my word , you get used to them.The one thing I ca n't forget to mention is the green , and I 'm not talking about the dollar I made float in thin air.People still offer me cash in exchange for the secrets . It is SO VERY HARD to say no ! But that is what makes it fun . Knowing that I know something that others are so crazy about gives you a rush , and once you start , you will not be able to stop . And what is most amazing is that you can do it anytime , with any cards , or any coin.Imagine what it can do for you , just as I did . I promise you that it will fulfill those hopes , and then some . Listen to them talk , as your name is tossed around with respect . They love you , and you in turn love this video . I know I do , and am so grateful I bought it . It has changed me , and will change you too ! - Ethan Brizendine , Nevada
 My son loves this toy , but he also loves the series . We have had jay jay since Christmas and he has played with it every day.Very durable except for a few chips of paint off the wing tips . Comes with a 100 year gurantee in the package .
 The replic is perfect . My 2 years old boy likes this toy very much , although it is not his favorite -LRB- he loves Jay Jay on TV but he does n't love as much his toy -RRB- . Besides , one of the engine is broken . I think is very delicated toy for a 2 years old . Anyway , it is really beautiful . I think is a toy to exhibit , not so much for playing at this age .
 I have found soft Jay Jay Characters at johnnys toys and at babiesrus . My son has a large soft Big Jake and a smaller Jay Jay . We love all the Jay Jay products !
 My two children love all the Jay Jay wooden toys . They have all of them except two that we 've been looking for . I 'm not sure about the negative review . My children have had these toys for years and still play with them all of the time . I 'm actually surprised at just how durable they are . We carry them with us everywhere !
 I wish there was more Jay Jay stuff available . This is a nice one . Just wish there were more choices .
 My 2 yr . old granddaughter is crazy about Jay-Jay & I would love to be able to buy her a stuffed Jay Jay plush toy but no one makes it , so I had to settle for this toy instead . I 'll admit , she loves it but I think she would really love one she could take to bed with her .
 My daughter loves JayJay the jet plane.This toy is well made.It made a great christmas gift.Shipping was quick!We are very pleased with this toy .
 This toy was intended as a gift for someone else , and these vendors managed to get the gift to me in time for their party . They gain full props for getting it to me on time . Five stars !!!
 Made of wood -LRB- and made in America , I believe -RRB- . They did make some of plastic but these were well built from wood and came with a guarantee .
 I started shopping on-line for Jay Jay toys since no matter where I went I could not find anything . When my son saw it , he nearly fell over . He would NOT let it go . He loved it , therefore I love it too . Great buy ... Recieved the item very quick .
 My grandson , 2 1/2 , has been a real Thomas the Train fan since he was just over a year old ... now he has become a Jay Jay the Jet Plane fan , our Cool Cuts for Kids had a DVD of Jay Jay last week when he got his haircut , and we can not find it anywhere ... anyone know where we could get one ?! Anyway , I 'm sure he will love this toy , and I know he will enjoy adding one of Jay Jay 's `` friends '' to his collection !
 My daughter selected this over a year ago from Toys R Us with a gift certificate . I thought it would surely be cast aside quickly since it just sings while flapping its wings . I could n't convince her of any other neat toys and so she bought it . It has sustained her love and interest and is durable ! It 's been through a LOT and still works great ! She even bathed it in the sink and a new set of batteries made it work again . I am still in awe !
 My son 's Jay Jay Planes , and he has almost all of them now , are easily his favorite . He really liked the show when we got him Jay Jay and Tracy . Playing with the toys has enhanced his enjoyment of the show . He actually likes the show better now.A responsible child development professional who had n't seen the show did n't get it . After we convinced her that its not a Thomas thing , she asked , `` What does it do ? '' That 's just the point ! IT does practically nothing ; the kid does it all!The size is absolutely perfect for a child 's hand . You really need to get two of the characters , though , because it becomes a thrilling two-hand experience.I think that part of the reason that these toys are so great is that they really look so much like the characters on TV . When my son watches the show , his Herky flies right along with the one on screen . I believe these toys actually promote active television watching.OK , now the down-side . The planes are guaranteed for 100 years , but every single plane has broken in at least some small way . They are very well made and durable , but my 2 1/2 year old is a formidable foe . I know these are not rated for kids under 3 , and if you are not going to supervise your 2 year old 's play , do not get these until she or he is a little older . I would say that the safe time is when your child stops putting just about everything in her or is mouth.An interesting issue with the warrantee
 I poured this over rock to make a river for my christmas village . It is easy to use . I heated it on the store in a throw-a-way pot pie tin .
 The product is super simple to use ; just heat it up in a pie tin and pour it where you want it . You can reheat it with a heat gun to fix scratches and errors , just be careful of its surroundings -- if you have heat-sensitive items near it in your scene you 'll need to shield them carefully . Once it 's poured you 're not getting it back out . Odor was n't an issue . My main criticism would be the color , a kind of gross off-yellow . It 'd be perfectly fine for a dark pool or an algae-green pond ; I was shooting for a bright glowing blue water feature and the yellow tinged it an uneven , sickly green . Still looks acceptable , but I wish I 'd realized the color effect it was going to have . Overall a good , easy to use product that does what it says on the tin .
 ok folks , I have been raised in therapy so this could be a biased opinion but here it goesfor anybody who does n't know the original game , it is a game that asks personal questions in which to make you open up in front of a group.Like `` have ever had a childhood nightmare ? , if so talk about it `` or `` what was the best moment you ever had with family ? `` kind of like a safer version of truth or dare without the darenow this one is a little less personal and is more as you would probably already have guessed bible based.asking questions related to your experiences with god , your Christian walk , and other questions of that nature.however a lot of the questions really do n't leave room for a variety of answers.so in my a opinion , the original ungame is funner ... but if you are looking for a way to get your family playing more christian orainted games or if you are a pastor looking for ideas for upcoming activities this would be good for you.however you can never go wrong with the ungame because nobody loses
 I purchased this product because I wanted some conversation starters for our jr high at church as well as an ice breaker for my small women 's group . I liked the way it was broken into two group of cards . One group that could be used with more mature christians - which is what our women 's group is using , and one group that I felt could be used for the jr. high group . Our jr high group got into a good conversation using one of the cards that asked `` If Jesus knocked on your door today what would you do ? Each week our small group discusses one of the questions in the other set and all of us like the spark it starts .
 I use this with a Christian youth group as a conversation starter / get to know each other activity . There are a lot of good questions in here for Christians , or people interested in the Christian faith , to talk about.This is n't really a game in the traditional sense -LRB- a competitive activity that is fun to play -RRB- , but you hopefully got that from the name &#34; Ungame . &#34; Many of the questions have a &#34; correct Christian &#34; response to them , but they can be used for personal experience and not just &#34; what I think I should say . &#34; Middle School and High School kids seem to like these cards and would spend our whole time talking about them if I let them .
 We played Christian Ungame at a women 's group that I hosted in my home . It was great to get everyone thinking and talking . Ca n't wait to play it again .
 This is one of the greatest little games I 've ever bought . I love to share this game whenever and wherever I can when getting together with family and friends , even children . The questions are great and individual to each person and it 's always interesting to hear the responses .
 Got this for Christmas . Used it on the cr ride to visit families . I would n't say it was tons of fun and did n't elicit laughter , butndid startngood conversations . I learned new things about my children 's faith . Good for the whole family . Ournkids are 15 , 12 , and 7 and it was enjoyed by all .
 These toys are great . &#60; br / &#62; They are durable , and made of wood -LRB- not plastic -RRB- &#60; br / &#62; My son has not hurt them , and if he does , they have a 100 year guarantee . Thats right ... 100 years . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; They are great . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; ANY girl or boy can have fun with them . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; From , a good parent
 This toy ca n't take the heat of rough and tough play of a 3 year old ... I have already glued and screwed back all I can , , , , but the glue is still holding ...
 I read the first review on the Fire Station and had to respond with my disagreement . The Fire Station is the ideal size for Revvin ' Evan wooden character and a child 's play . Jay Jay wood licensed items are comparable to the other quality wood toy systems on the market like Thomas railway . My son loves it and it is well made .
 This thing is very very cool . It has no lead in it . And it 's smaller then the Streetwyse , Bedlam , And the Mr. Big . He is as tall as the Live Wire , and the Nightlife . It transforms too ! It 's so easy to transform you would not likely need the directions . It has a cool color also . It fits finger boards too -LRB- a mini skateboard ! -RRB- This is a really nice toy .
 This is a great toy and lots of fun . But I was a bit disappointed in the size but that is my fault should have really paid attention to dimentions . My only big complaint is that the toy is a bit pricey . A few days after receiving this toy we went to Toys R Us to buy a birthday gift and out of curiousity I checked to see if they carried the modifighters . Sure enough there they were and the one that I bought for 14.99 plus $ 7.50 in shipping & handling fees ... could have bought the thing for $ 7.58 needless to say this item is a bit over priced and the hefty s & h did n't help either .
 Snuffy is my son 's favorite Jay Jay character , so he was really excited to see this little plane under the Christmas tree . Unfortunately , by the end of the day Christmas Day , Snuffy was back in the package with a broken wheel . My son is 2-1/2 , but he was not overly rough with the toy - it 's just not made to be very durable . He was very sad when we were unable to find another Snuffy to replace it with , but the Revvin ' Evan we did find has at least held together for almost two months now ! The plane is very cute and is a great replica of the TV character . Just be VERY gentle with it !
 I actually bought 3 Jay-Jay character planes for my 2 1/2 year old grandson who is living in Hungary with his mommy right now . He is a big Jay-Jay fan but I was unable to find any of the characters on the shelf in any store . Unfortunately , they were not available in Hungarian stores either . I was able to buy them through Amazon at very reasonable prices and with free shipping , too . It was a pleasure to see his face on the webcam holding his Jay-Jay planes and saying `` Thank you , Grammie '' . Thank YOU , Amazon .
 This is a strong toy.A little small but my daughter loves it.This was a nice christmas gift.It got here just in time .
 This is a really nice assortment of small toys that my 4mth old loves . He especially likes the rattle with the balls on the ends -LRB- great for chewing but not alot of noise -RRB- and the sunshine toy . My only complaint is that several of them are not easily able to be hooked on to links so that they do n't keep falling out of the stroller or high chair .
 I bought this for my HPI E10 car . I changed the setting of car to drift version tried drifting without D-box , was of not much drifting n difficult at same time to maintain . Since I started using D-box , My drifting adds style to my HPI Camaros 2010 . Its amazing when i go to drive this car everyone from age of 3yrs to 63yrs , asks and is astouned by the way car drifts n runs . It makes it easy to maintain the car in drift for long time if You can handle and control it good . It is an amazing device and really easy to install n make it work . I would say best thing to add style in your driving and drifting of RC Cars .
 The original knight templar crest showed two knights on one horse , supposedly to represent humble poverty as In the beginning of the developement of the templars they were road servents constantly riding the roads to Jerusalem to protect pilgrams from highwaymen or thuggies . They provided this protection with no excpectations of recieving payment.These men were priest that went through extensive training to become super warrior 's a templar was trained never to retreat unless they were out number more than three to one ! But what is rarely talked about is thier horses , these animals were trained by the knights that partnered with them and they had a very intense relationship . A templars horse was as highly trained as the knights that rode them and these horses were blessed by priest & the bond between a templar & his horse was increadabley close . Both templar & horse were expected to die in service such was the fanatical commitment of these warrior priest !! over the years things changed and they became very rich and powerful so much so that the church that created them started to fear there power so they created a false propaganda agenda against the templars demonizing them and driving them into hideing . And so it go'es power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely !!
 Built directly over the Hellmouth and serving as the central headquarters of Buffy , Giles and the rest of the `` Scooby Gang , '' fans of the show will now be able to recreate their favorite scenes as well as display their Buffy action figures with this Sunnydale High School Library Playset . In scale with the past 6 '' Buffy and Angel action figures , the Library Playset stands an impressive 12 '' tall and a massive 20 '' wide , providing plenty of room to display over 15 action figures !
 What I have been doing is display my `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' action figures and my `` Angel '' action figures on the top of different bookcases . Since I have dozens and dozens of these figures -LRB- including key variations -RRB- , I only have one of each character on display at a time , and my master plan is to get organized and starting with `` Welcome to the Hellmouth '' do a tableau for each `` BtVS '' episode from start to finish . The first 56 weeks of this grand plan I will be able to take advantage of the `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer Library Playset '' as the setting for my tableaus . As everybody knows , the Sunnydale High School Library just happened to be built over the Hellmouth , so in addition to housing Rupert Giles ' extensive collections of books on the occult , there was also an entrance to a deadly demon dimension that was a beacon for vampires , demons , and other things that go bump in the night.The library playset includes a two-level design that comes with four bookcases and a central table . Put it altogether and it measures 12 '' x 20 '' and according to the instructions on the back of the box can display over 15 figures -LRB- well , yes , especially if you start piling them up on top of each other -RRB- . The playset comes unassembled ; you assemble the lower bookcase walls and stairs on the top floor , but the top and bottom together , and then assemble the upper bookcase walls and rails together . Add the supporting beams on the back of the library and it is done . There is a nice touch in that the books on the bookcases are photographs of books and not drawings , and you can almost make out their titles . For accessories there is a globe , two potted plants , a pair of candlesticks , a black mirror , and a water bottle.Now , technically you would only want to display your `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer '' figures from the show 's first three seasons on this playset , because at the end of Season 3 was when Buffy and the Scoobies blew up Sunnydale High School and the library that was over the Hellmouth . That would include all of the `` BtVS '' figures from the first three series of action figures , specifically Buffy , Angel , Willow , and the Master from Series 1 ; Buffy , Oz and Giles from Series 2 ; and Spike , Xander , and Cordelia from Series 3 . Then you can add Drusilla from Series 4 , `` Doppelgangland '' Willow from Series 5 , and Anyanka from Series 6 . We are picking up more options this year with Series 7 providing Cheerleader and Nightmare Buffys from the first season , a set of Buffy and Angel figures from `` The Prom , '' and you can also use the figure of Joyce from the Summers family album . Series 8 will offer Cordelia from `` The Wish '' and a vampire Xander figure and when Series 9 comes out there will be `` Band Candy '' Giles and a `` Faith , Hope and Trick '' Faith.For deluxe figures your options are a lot more limited , with the `` Graduation Day '' figures of Buffy and Faith , and the `` School Hard '' Spike -LRB- Kendra is on tap as well for later this year -RRB- . A couple of the `` Angel '' figures would apply , specifically School Girl Darla and `` Bad Girls '' Wesley , but a couple of the actual Angel figures can work as well . You can also look forward to additional accessories from the upcoming accessories pack , which will include Buffy 's weapons chest , the statue of Acathla , Willow 's laptop , Mr. Pointy , Mr. Gordo and the proverbial much , much more . Consequently , there are plenty of options for which figures you can use with this library playset and be true to the specific time period it represents.Ohryou can just go ahead and do whatever you want . Have Fred doing research along side Willow , pretend Lorne is a bad demon instead of a good demon , or even stick Malcolm Reynolds on the stairs . The important thing is to give your action figures a happy home . I just wonder what -LRB- as well as if and when -RRB- they will come up with for our next playset . I would hate to have just one .
 This is a great game ! Far better than Tivial Pursuit , where most of us look like ignorant , forgetful people . This game has cards that are categorized by letter of the alphabet.I 'm a high school teacher , and for years have used two Oodles cards a day with my students . They really enjoy it . The questions cover a huge variety of topics -- sports , tv , food , literature , economics , history , just about anything and everything . I do n't think I 've ever played the game according to the rules , with the gameboard and keeping score . It 's just fun to ask questions from the cards.Sometimes when we go on trips , I 'll put a small stack of Oodles cards in my coat pocket . It 's a fun way to laugh and learn when you 're waiting for your dinner to be served.This is one game that wo n't just collect dust .
 I bought this game at a store that sells out-of-print games . Oodles is a combination of Scattergories and Outburst . It 's another Milton Bradley game that did n't catch on , but you ca n't blame them for trying . My Sunday game group likes it and we usually play this game in teams.All the answers on the card start with the same letter , and there are some Qs and Zs in the mix , and I think even an X card . In our version , if all the team members miss a clue , the other team gets a chance to steal the card , similar to `` Family Feud . '' If the other team ca n't steal , play goes back to the original team with the next clue . An interesting rule is when no one gets the last answer on the card . In this case , the card is flipped over , the new letter is announced and the first clue is read . First one to get it wins the card.You have ten seconds to come up with the answer . A timing and buzzer device , similar to the one in Taboo is used for this . High pitched notes are heard when a player 's time is up . Also , there 's a `` silly question '' with each card that players or teams must get correct in order to continue . Like true or false , Ma Barker the outlaw is the grandmother of game show host Bob Barker -LRB- It 's false -RRB- . Or in what state is the Indianapolis 500 held in ? Some of these are tricky.If you like word games that make you think fast , you 'll have oodles of fun and laughs with Oodles . It 's out of print but amazon.com and other sites have it .
 This no-longer produced entertaining game was worth the hunt . I thought the `` popular culture '' themes would work against me , but I won anyway . Questions span the generations .
 This game is so much fun . My friends and I play it all the time -- it is the game of choice . However , my friend 's daughter who is 23 years old plays with us most of the time and she does n't get alot of the references to old tv shows and such . Why does n't Milton Bradley create an updated version ? It would definitely sell -- I would surely buy it and I imagine others would as well .
 This is a fast paced , fabulous game that all adults can play . It is clever and so much fun ... and does not require a wealth of textbook knowledge ... more common knowledge based . I only wish they had more editions !!!
 I 've used this game for trips with my high school Cross Country team as well as for family get together 's with 10-20 people . It 's clever . No one knows all the answers but in groups , working together , no one feels stupid . I was hoping to find a newer edition on Amazon but apparently the game itself has n't caught on . Why ? Who knows but it IS a lot of fun .
 This past Christmas , my 30 year old son asked me , `` Mom , do we still have Oodles ? '' I dragged it out of our now-little-used game closet and soon we were all rolling in stitches playing it . Then he said , `` If you ever want to get rid of this , I 'll take it ! '' So I 've purchased this one for one to give him this Christmas ... he 'll be surprised and pleased .
 I bought this puzzle for my 90 year old mother-in-law . She has put this puzzle together over and over again . It is her favorite . I also had fun working on it . Nice quality pieces that are durable and pleasing to work with . Finished puzzle stays together nicely , too .
 This puzzle was hard enough to be a challenge , but not so hard that you wanted to give up . Some of the pieces did n't stay together very well and had to be repeatedly put back together , but that 's really pretty par for the course .
 I gave this toy 5 stars because it is a great item but it is way over priced . The container to keep the food in is a good idea and it does have a lot of food but I have found a dozen similar items that cost WAY less than this one . Wish I would of found them before I wrapped the gift .
 The set is huge , and the pieces are very realistic . I took a few thin pieces away because my 11 mo old babies can bite through them , but this is not meant for kids under 3 . However , my 3 yo and the babies play with it daily . I love toys like this - no electronic bells or whistles , great for pretend play and using the kids ' imaginations .
 My 2 yr old loves this stuff . She plays for hours and its well made . Overall very happy with this toy
 It 's the best play food set ever ! I 've never found one as great as this one ! Just buy this one and you wo n't need another !
 We 've had these for about 5 years and 3 kids . All my kids liked the play kitchen with these play foods . The storage container is nice too . Great selection and variety of foods .
 We received the Learning Resources Giant Play Food Set , set of 80 FROM learningresources.com . We had a few coupons , but it is going for $ 130 + on their site -LRB- plus tax and shipping if you do n't have coups ! -RRB- . We are thankful for the coupons otherwise this product would have got sent back . Although it has some pretty awesome pieces , I was impressed and also disappointed in some of the detail in some pieces.Out of the 80 pieces this has , I would of liked to of seen more smaller pieces to `` cook '' rather than a large head of lettece , apple , orange , potato , carrot etc. . He has the Melissa and Doug set , so we were looking forward to the pieces like the chips , sandwich pieces , bread etc. . My husband loved that this set had food from other regions ! I had to ask my husband what was what on a few of the pieces b/c TO ME the detail was lacking . But that just gives your child the opportunity to use their imagination more . -LRB- : Paying $ 130 + for this set is WAYYYYYYYY too much !! I personally would pay $ 80 or below for it . Right now the sale price on this is $ 100 , for this listing , and even that is iffy . The fact this is the best , most durable set , I could find ... the $ 100 might be a good buy for others . It 's all personal opinion and what your ' e looking for in a food set for your child .
 I was a little disappointed that some of the items were made of pretty hard plastic . But overall I like that you get so many items for the money & a good variety of foods .
 I did n't give this product a 5 star rating because they have changed the color of their toys within the past couple of years . I was expecting them to have a more realistic look.Also the juice and milk will likely crack at the seam inside of the `` milk '' or `` OJ . `` The set is awesome otherwise . It has a great variety of foods . The quality is also awesome . They are made of a rubber like material and some are a very thick , hard plastic . I think They will be around for a long time to come .
 Durable and realistic ! Excellent for imaginitive play -LRB- we would n't go without this food set -RRB- . These are the sets normally used in preschool and kindergarten classrooms . In terms of imaginative play - they are GREAT for setting up a play restaurant !
 If you want realistic , durable play food that is fun to play with , buy this . It really comes with everything needed for your little one 's play kitchen . Everyone who 's seen it is amazed at the high quality.LOVE IT . Do n't waste your money on lower quality , less realistic play food . This is totally worth it .
 I bought these as a present for my 19 month old daughter . I needed food that was extremely realistic and also durable . She 's very into pretend play and that 's why I needed food that looked real . After reading all of the reviews , it was down to this set and the 101 piece set from Step 2 . This one may cost more but , it 's totally worth the money and there are so many pieces of good food . I also like that most of them are healthy foods . The reviews for the Step 2 product were not nearly as great as the ones for this set . My daughter plays with it every day and has even learned about a few new types of food and what they are called . This is definitely the best set of play food out there !
 I Bought this for my 3 children , they love it ! Food is close to normal size , glad it 's not super tiny food . Pretty much the best play food set that I have come across and believe me I 've been looking for a while . Glad I decided on this set , very happy .
 Even after reading all the great reviews I did n't want to pay $ 100 for this set , so I went to a local Toys R Us store to see what they had . Nothing there remotely compared to this so I decided to stop being so cheap myself and ordered this . I received it yesterday and opened immediately -LRB- I wo n't be giving it to my daughter until her birthday in 3 months but I had to fight the urge to just give it to her then -RRB- . I really could not be more happy . This set has everything you need and the bin is an added bonus , it will go great in her `` kitchen '' . Do not hesitate and buy this set , the quality is worth the price .
 I was so impressed with this play food set ! I have two children and they absolutely love playing with it !!!! I did n't have any of the problems as the other person stated . I do think that the person who had such problems should contact learning resources -LRB- you get what you pay for and they probably have great customer service !! -RRB- . Anyways , I would definitely recommend this product for all reasons . Definitely worth the price in my opinion . I do n't think anything is going to crack as they have already hit the floor numerous times .
 I bought this set for my brother 's kids -LRB- 8 , 6 , 4 , and 2 -RRB- . They have aKidkraft Deluxe Let 's Cook Kitchen . I also bought them theLearning Resources Kitchen Set -LRB- I would n't recommend that , by the way . -RRB- This food set is great ! I was hesitant to buy it since it seems pretty expensive , but the kids really liked it . The food is realistic and attractive , and there is such a variety ! My 6-year-old nephew liked that there is a list of all the items on the side of the box . If he was n't sure what a food was , he would look at the list and go , `` Oh , I think this is the ______ . '' They also used that list as a kind of `` menu '' to let customers choose what they wanted as they played restaurant.The storage box that comes along with it is high quality and the food fits back in easily . I would recommend using somewhat large plates when playing with this food , since some of it is pretty big . The colors are great and everything seems to be good-sized . We did not notice any kind of `` chemical '' smell or anything out of the ordinary when playing with the food . I highly recommend it !
 I am very very impressed by this product ! It is of the same quality you find in the childrens museums . : D
 Well worth the money , and I do admit it 's expensive . The food is extremely durable and realistic . Like the kind you would find in Asian store windows . And the variety is wonderful . Do n't get any other kind !
 Wanted to find some nice play food for our daughter - we had bought a smaller set before and rather than adding smaller sets , we went for the whole thing . She plays with it everyday . It 's extremely durable and we appreciate the container it comes in to help keep everything straightened out at the end of the day . It 's pricey , but you wo n't need anything additional once you have this one .
 We purchased this for my son who is 17mos old for christmas . He has n't played with it yet but I 'm sure he will enjoy it . I have two complaints , the first is that the quality is not what I expected a lot of the fruits and veggies are very hard plastic and I believe my son will probably break them . The other complaint is one of the pieces of food arrived unpainted and the head of lettuce arrived still wet which caused paint to rub off on the wheat bread slices . Overall I thinks it 's a bit pricey for play food of this quality .
 I 'm not sure if the cost is worth what you receive . The products are good but it is very expensive for what you are getting .
 I got this set for my son for Christmas to go along with a play kitchen we purchased him . I was fortunate to NOT pay full price for this set , which I do agree is overpriced . I noticed today it is full-price after Christmas . We paid around $ 71 . I wanted to share the list of included items with everyone , because that is one thing I really felt was missing from the product description.This set includes
 You should buy this set if you want very realistic play food and/or you have a child younger than 3 years . This is the most realistic play food , in both appearance and size . I have a child with food aversions , for whom I needed play food that looks very much like real food for therapeutic play . These pieces have great coloring and detail . The pieces in this set are generally about 75 % of actual size -LRB- some closer to 50 % , others 100 % -RRB- , adding to the realism . Size is also important if you have a toddler under age 3 . Most food sets have many pieces that are too small for toddlers -LRB- i.e. choking hazards -RRB- . The only pieces in this set that are of questionable safety in terms of shape or size are the hot dog and possibly the strawberries . I have seen this play food at the local children 's museum and libraries , and it appears to stand up well to use -LRB- including much chewing -RRB- by many children . Compared to other available sets in terms of quality , realism , and safety , this set is definitely worth the money .
 Grandma got this set for the kids for Christmas . The picture does n't do it justice . This set includes most if not all of the pieces from the other food sets offered by Learning Resources -LRB- snack , breakfast , lunch , and dinner -RRB- . My children are 2.5 and 4 and have spent hours playing with this food . Extremely durable and realistic , it is high quality hard plastic food like we play with at the children 's museum . We 've had a lot of play food sets like the ones you can buy at TRU , and nothing compares to this !
 I was so excited to see the price drop on this item during the holiday . My kids love play food but most of the cheap stuff fell apart and split at the seams after heavy use by my kids . This set is great - the pieces are larger than most play food I 've bought , it 's sturdy and my kids have a lot of fun playing with it . ** Updated ** When I bought this in Dec 2007 , I got it on sale for $ 36 thru Amazon . I was n't necesarily in the market for play food , but the price was great and the reviews were too . A year later - all three of my kids -LRB- 6 and under -RRB- still love to make `` meals '' with this food set and it 's held up exceptionaly well . If you can find it for a price you are willing to pay - I would definitely buy it .
 We got this food set for our 20 month old daughter for Christmas but the ones that really took to it were my 4 and 6-year-old kids . They have played non-stop with it since Christmas . The food is amazingly realistic and durable . Combine it with a grocery cart and cash register and your kids will have hours of fun playing restaurant or grocery store . I would highly recommend this product . Well worth the cost -LRB- although I did get a pretty good deal when I purchased mine -RRB- . It comes with a complete set of food . I especially like that the emphasis is on healthy foods , not a bunch of junk food . Excellent toy .
 I 'll try to update this review again after the holidays when we 've uncovered the camera and rule from the wrapping corner.I purchased the 73 piece kitchen set from Learning Resources along with the 80 piece play food set from Learning Resources . This was to go with a KidKraft Deluxe Kitchen that Amazon had discounted down considerably . The giftee is a two-year old boy.I was pleasantly surprised with the play food because it looked extremely durable , and most of the pieces appeared were closer to correct portion sizing . For example , the pizza slice was about the size of what my average-sized son can eat when he 's hungry , the hot dog was a thinner version of a small hot dog , and the hamburger patty was close in size to a smaller McDonald 's hamburger . The spaghetti portion is a bit monstrous -LRB- it 's too big for my kitchen 's smallest saucepan -RRB- but perfect for pretend sharing.The set comes in a durable clear plastic container with a blue lid that has latches on both sides to lock the lid in place . Not having a plastic hinge means the container is also going to last longer . I foresee that my son will be using the container as a toy to drop in other toys and stuffed animals . It 's a great multi-use container.The only thing that was problematic was that the food was way too large for the Learning Resources -LRB- same company -RRB- 73 piece Kitchen set . Ironically , the reason I bought them together was I thought the company had sized them so they would work together . The hamburger , hotdog and pizza each took up 2-3 dinner plates to hold ; the orange juice glass in the play food set was nearly 4 times larger than the water pitcher in the kitchen set ; and , so far , I have n't been able to get any of the food to fit in the pots and pans .
 This is the best play food set out there . Santa brought this for my 4 year old son and it looks so real he does n't have a problem identifying any of the foods . I have been looking everywhere for the learning resources food . My biggest advice is to shop around for the best price . I shopped online through many stores and finally found this one for $ 80 . It is expensive but worth the price . Very durable and life like . This one is great to because it comes with the case to carry the food in . My other favorite thing is that is does n't come with any of those cardboard boxed play food items . My son had those before and they were ripped apart in no time . Who wants to cook cereal anyway . Buy this product !!
 I bought this to accompany the kitchen set I bought for my 2yr old . After seeing the dissapointing selection of play food available in stores I was ecstatic to find this set . The food is life size and is comparable to the play food used in children 's museums . It 's made of thick rubbery plastic look realistic . It is very durable . I can imagine it lasting for many future generations of children in our family . It also comes with some cool food items like tacos , asparagus , and sushi that are not seen in other sets.Another plus is the absence of the crappy canned food and the minimal amount of junk food -LRB- just two slices of pizza , not 10 -RRB- . Of course there is some cake and ice cream cones -LRB- you got ta have the cake ! -RRB- but there is also a lot of vegetables and fruit . The sandwich stuff is pretty cool too . There are slices of bread , lunch meat and cheese to construct your own sandwich.Bottom line , this is a top quality food set that will stand up to many years of play .
 very enjoyable and i have two one i have in box and saving as special collectors item and my nephew loves the way Muttley 's head moves up and down and great fun for little onees and he is gentle and caring with it too and we also have Wacky Races and also Dastardley and Muttley DVD 's companions to the bobble head
 I recommend . It is a good quality product , full of details and beautiful . If you 're a fan it worth buying .
 I bought this toy so to say for my father who was obsessed with Muttley as a child . I think he will get a kick out of it . Cant wait to give it to him as his prank on christmas .
 I have both the board games and the egames . It 's been very difficult to find others interested in playing the boardgames , but the egames can be played against the computer , so I have played the Cashflow eGames a couple hundred times . The 101 egame is a must , but the 202 game is much more realistic ... and the stock options are surprizingly good -LRB- I used to trade stock options -RRB- 1 -RRB- The egames will save you money , -LRB- $ 150 for both egames ; $ 300 for the board games -RRB- 2 -RRB- you can play them against the computer any time -LRB- If it 's hard to find people to play with . -RRB- 3 -RRB- and it seems that the stock & cashflow options change a little bit for each game , and any company can go out of business.I think every child and adult will benefit greatly from these games.Good luck . I hope you learn as much as I have .
 I disagree with most of the fundamental points of the previous reviewer . I have not played the E-Game , but then , this is n't an E-Game review site . The board games , both 101 & 202 , are really good at teaching the fundamentals of money . They are not geared to teach you about investing or trading . For that I recommend Alexander Elder.As for both 101 & 202 , the games are well rounded , and really do reflect how one actually deals with money in their own life . The great thing about the game is not what it teaches you , but that it allows you to experiment with scenarios in a safe environment . If you are bad at saving money and do n't have a clue on how to get started in having your `` money work for you , '' these games do a great job of helping you to see different strategies.The only thing I do n't like about 101 is the unrealistic housing prices . In real-life , the housing prices are probably about 10x the amount in the game itself . That and the fact that both 101 & 202 seem to have pretty flimsy cards for such a high priced game .202 is nice because it introduces you to the fundamental concepts of trading stocks and commodities using options . It attempts to show you the BASIC principles behind put and call options as well as selling short . After playing this game , you wo n't be able to walk away and start trading options without doing much more research and LEARNING how to really trade options.I gave it 4 stars because of the quality of the cards that come w / 202 , and the case -LRB- mine was damaged in shipping -RRB- . Also , 202 seems to have a lot of ` Join the MLM community ' type of hidden agendas ... there are 3 ` levels ' of an organization you can join , and then profit from in the game . I think that Robert , if that 's his real name , went a bit overboard there ... Lastly , the point of both games is that you can -LRB- and I have -RRB- win the game starting from anywhere financially . You could be a rich Doctor with large bills but a large income , or a meek school teacher with some bills , and very little money . Truth be told , I believe the game relies a bit too much on that lottery-like stock jump . But otherwise , it does provide a great learning environment from which to springboard change in one 's own life.Well worth the investment if you are looking to learn new ways of thinking about money . Be warned ... the first few times you play you will probably play like you do in real life . After a few games , you 'll start to see better ways to play , and then can start to apply some of those principles in your own life . I 've found it rather enjoyable and challenging to add the numbers in my head , and believe this is better than the E-Game simply because you do the real work of figuring out the numbers .
 Cashflow 202 teaches the technical skills to make decisions in a variety of financial situations . The real lessons are learned after the game is played several times . Play the game to practice your ability to make wise financial decisions . Buy Cashflow 202 and play it often.Linsey MillsAuthor of Simply Outrageouswww.simplyoutrageous.org
 This was a last minute , impulse buy for my daughter 's fourth birthday . I have never been so lucky before . The giraffe is impossible not to love . My daughter immediately made a connection with her darling face and named her Daisy . Daisy has been with us everywhere
 This is one of the cutest plush giraffe 's I have seen . The face is very detailed and just adorable and I love the way it sits . Also , very cuddly and well made !
 I got this giraffe for my 9 mo. old son and it is his best friend . He is perfect to cuddle with and he holds him by the neck and carries him everywhere . Ga the giraffe has been through several trips in the washer and has come out fine -LRB- even though the tag says spot wash -RRB- but I would n't put it in the dryer . This is a really soft special toy and makes a great lovie .
 I got this for my 3-yr-old niece for Christmas . She had requested a toy giraffe . This was great . She hugged it as soon as she pulled it out of the box . It 's very soft , and large enough for her to snuggle with . No bells and whistles with this toy , just a classic plush giraffe .
 The photo makes the giraffe 's colors look darker than they actually are . It is a good size , too - larger than a typical `` beanie baby . '' Plus , it has the cutest little face ! I 'm very happy that I chose this toy over other giraffe stuffed animals I had seen .
 I got this toy for my girlfriend since she loves giraffes . It went over very well . She loves him . It earned me a lot of brownie points haha . Highly recommended .
 This is amazing and supr soft toy . . very happy with purchase . Got it for 4yr old boy who loves soft animals and he made it his favourite . Walks around with it all day , great birthday present , great to keep in bed for naps , its so soft I might get one for myself . Would definetely buy again and recommend to others . . children will love it . .
 I got this for my boyfriend because he fell in love with this tiny giraffe on a commercial . It 's the perfect size for that ! He 's gon na love it ! It 's a very durable , soft , and loveable little giraffe !
 This is one well made giraffe ! Our son loves giraffes and has put this through it 's paces already within a week of owning it .
 My husband and I collect the TY Hightops Giraffe . We ca n't get enough of him . He is just perfect . He is sure to bring a smile to your face . : -RRB-
 My three year old granddaughter wanted a stuffed giraffe and this one fit her specifications exactly
 Great product -- very durable , soft , and cute ! -LRB- A little too stiff in the neck for my tastes , but I hope my friend loves it for her birthday ! -RRB- ** DISCLAIMER , however
 I bought this giraffe for my 1-year old twins and had a hard time giving it to them , I just wanted it for myself , it is too cute . I was pleased to see it was larger than what appeared in the images . One of the boys just hugs it every time he sees it , it is a really adorable toy . Ca n't judge durability because we just got it !
 My granddaughter loves giraffe 's . We were visiting a friend and they had this Ty - Giraffe . My granddaughter went crazy for it and it was hard for her to leave it when we left . I searched at all toy stores in my area and could not find the Ty Giraffe . Then I thought I would check Amazon and there it was . I ordered it right away and received within a week . IT is a great stuffy and never leaves my granddaughters side . One of the better Ty stuffies . Very Durable as it is getting a lot of loving .
 He 's cuddly . He 's just want you want in a stuffed friend . Cute when sitting on the shelf , but totally loveable .
 Bought for my 6 year old daughter for her birthday . It is so soft and cuddly , she carries it everywhere .
 When my granddaughter received this last Christmas Eve , she totally stopped everything she did and just hugged it forever . It was one of the warmest memories of the season .
 This is a very cute , good-looking giraffe . It is very soft . My baby likes it but she does not spend much time with it . Maybe later .
 I bought this for my 31yr old daughter who loves giraffes . I checked them out all over & found this one to be the best for the size & price . When it arrived , it was even cuter than I saw on the screen . It was also incredibly soft . She loved it !!!
 This is my 2-1/2 year old daughter 's `` lovey '' . He goes everywhere with her . She got it as a gift for her first birthday and this giraffe has gone everywhere with her , every day since then ! We actually call him Giraffe 3.0 since he is the third one we have had for her , not because it has worn out , but because he 's gotten really dirty traveling along everywhere with her , especially in the summer -LRB- sand box ! -RRB- . Super cute and loveable little stuffed animal!The original giraffe we got for her looks like the one pictured . However , the coloring on the next two we bought were different than what is shown . The ones we received were more yellow with brown rather than the other way around like the picture shows . Still , he is very cute . My daughter knew it was different , but she still loves him anyway !
 This globe sits on my desk and I get more compliments on this than i do my brand new computer . I never thought of it as a toy but more of an interesting illusion . It is great . I wonder what other things this company makes .
 I first saw this globe in a restaurant in Japan . I searched for one and found it in a store in Japan for double the price ! I just got it today and have had so many comments and people wanting to know how to get one . You have to give it a nudge to keep turning every 5 to 15 minutes . The only part I do n't like is that they should have put a on/off switch to shut off instead of having to unplug it everytime .
 A must have for any Barry Sanders fan . Rare item , the leather toes are to cute . Didnt even know it existed . The receiver was floored when he opened it .
 My son just received this set for Christmas and I was extremely impressed with the realistic design and stability of this set . I would guess the set probably took about 90 minutes to put together.The set includes three minifigs and has a rotating boom . There is also another portion of the crane that extends from the cab to run the full length of the boom . The nice part is that the string length does n't change when you move this movable portion of the crane . You can also raise and lower the two containers -LRB- one office and one restroom -RRB- with an easy-to-use winch.Regarding the design , the set contains a nice mix of regular LEGO and Technic pieces -LRB- similar to the Millenium Falcon or Imperial Star Destroyer -RRB- . The stability of this set is really amazing . My son is four-years-old and has n't tipped it over yet . While it looks ungainly , it 's extremely solid . There is a weight that sits on the far back of the boom to keep it steady.In my opinion , this is one of the best town sets LEGO has created in a very long time , probably since the early 90 's . Some designer spent a lot of time making this as detailed and realistic as possible . Also , LEGO priced this set very well . It was bought for 49.99 from Target and contains 721 pieces ! This price is more than fair for the number of pieces you get.It looks like this set might be a limited edition . I would get this set while you still can . It 's well worth the price !
 Okay , I have to admit , this thing is HUGE !!!!! Its about 3 feet tall , so do n't try stuffing it in your closet , and plus , the boom is like , 2 feet long , so good luck with that . I will start with the pros : - HUGE ! - Very simple controls , turns , lifts , and thing moves < - > . - Awesome!And now , the cons , sadly . :-LRB- - It uses a beam of technic parts to support it , and when my son messed up , I had to use plyers to pry it out-heavy and bulky , hard to store-tricky
 I am a big Lego fan and I think this is one of their better sets . Big and technically interesting , the crane is , like all tower cranes , an engineering masterpiece . I was able to pick up this set at the Lego site for $ 49.98 .
 The colours make it great . I always love the little parts . It makes it all the more dear . I have Kelly , chelsea , Tommy and the rest of my little ones in school right now . It looks great on display . Its one of my favourite sets -LRB- and I own quite a bit now -RRB-
 This is fun for all Kelly lovers out there . I bought it to create a display for some of the Kelly Club dolls in my collection . I love the mini play kitchen set and all the little plants . There are quite a few small pieces so younger children may need supervision while playing . But most little girls would probably find this set alot of fun . Now if only they would make a school set big enough for the Generation Girls .
 I recently bought some `` barbie '' dolls and furniture for my kids -LRB- almost 4 yrs old -RRB- and they absolutely loved this toy as soon as I had assembled it ! I had to hold back a few of the paper accessories because my son still likes to tear things . :-RRB- The furniture was soooo easy to put together and I love all the little details ! The little crayon , truck , globe , pencil sharpener , plant , the little stickers that look like pictures drawn by 4/5 yr old kids ! ... the list just goes on and on!I purchased the happy family and my son has the little boy ... playing on the rocking horse while Dad ... watches over at the teacher 's desk . They both love rolling the little ball back and forth to each other and playing with the little `` play '' kitchen.This toy does come with a lot of itty bitty things so hold back a few items if you feel your child will lose -LRB- or worse ! -RRB- swallow it ! All in all , this toy is really cute and my kids enjoy playing with it .
 There were a lot of reviews about the difficulty of getting this product working and I was naturally a little hesitant . Still , I 'm very interested in levitation and this seemed like fun so I ordered it . I got the top working just fine in about an hour and played with it that same night until my fingers were sore . In a few days I was able to get the top to spin repeatedly for around 2 minutes without any additional products . I will be purchasing the Levitron Perpetuator next year to keep the top spinning `` indefinitely '' . The instructions to get the top going were exceptionally clear and concise . My kids love moving their hands around the floating top and also enjoy trying to catch it mid-air . One recommendation
 I received one of these for Christmas . My friend was the first to get it working , but now both of us can do it . It 's truly amazing when it DOES work . -LRB- And , yes , it is testy ! -RRB-
 As promised , there is significant patience required to get this going . But once accomplished , it 's a fascinating demonstration of magnetic suspension.Viewers might find it useful to look up videos on youtube that show how this works .
 This is an amazing device . It 's quite incredible -- once you get it to work . My elven-year-old son had a delightful time putting it together , but there is a serious learning curve when it comes to making the device actually work . While an adult has the patience required to learn the technique , my preteen became board after several tries and gave up . Still , it makes for an effective demonstration of several scientific concepts -- once you figure out how to make it work ...
 The Levitron takes a while to calibrate , but works well . It took hundreds of tries to figure out . It finally worked once I added weights to it . It could be frustrating and requires lots of patience .
 This toy is very educational and quite amazing to see working . However , this toy is rather hard to adjust for sustained levitation.But it IS possible with a little patience and understanding.Here 's a quick few tips.Tuning the top : First , start out with your top a little overly heavy with the 2 smaller brass washers and the 2 large red and blue plastic washers and both the black rubber O-rings . This is most certainly too heavy , but it 's easier to get the top flying tuning it from a heavy weight than starting with a lighter weight . When the top is too light , it will `` bounce '' up and out of the magnetic field too erratically making it very difficult to determine the proper leveling of the base -LRB- see below -RRB- . Being too heavy you 'll find it does not want to lift off the clear plastic offset tray as you slowly lift the tray and the spinning top up to the equilibrium point of the magnetic field . One at a time , remove the one of the washers and try again . The kit provides several brass and plastic washers of various sizes to EXACTLY tune the top to within a few micrograms . Through experimentation you will find the perfect weight that JUST lifts the top off the offset plate . You will also discover that temperature will change the magnetic fields of both the top and the base , so each time you decide to play with the toy , it may need to be slightly rebalanced/tuned . Leveling the base : Once you have the top close to perfect as to weight , you need to perfectly level the base . If the top tends to `` fall '' out of the magnetic field in one direction consistently , raise that side with the knurled legs of the base . Try a quarter turn and try again . The base has indicators what direction needs to be turned to raise and lower.There are many YouTube videos showing people lifting the offset tray and top into the magnetic field 's equilibrium point.Again , understand up front , the top needs to be PRECISELY balanced with the plastic and brass washers . The base also must be PERFECTLY LEVEL . You may very well get frustrated with JUST how exact this must be . But once you have achieved an exact balance and a perfectly level base , the top will levitate for 2 minutes or more .
 This product is good . Thinkgeek has EXCELENT support . I bought it and realized that I needed to cancel it , so I contacted them via E-Mail . Usually companies do n't pay attention to E-Mails , or they have an automated E-Mailer . Not this one . I got a confirmation saying it was canceled . However , Get `` Geek Points '' by buying it from www.thinkgeek.com !
 i loved this toy i bought it and had a hard time getting it started but once i did it was great .
 This Levitron will absolutely amaze your friends , family , and ASTONISH kids . It is amazing the power and effect of rare earth magnets . The top appears to be floating and spinning as if by magic . That being said , you have to work to learn how to get this effect to work . It needs to be totally level and you need to determine what weight rings to use to get it properly balanced . If you are easily frustrated and have little patience - this is NOT the effect/toy for you . If you are willing to take the time to set this up properly and have no problem practicing something until you get it right ... THIS WILL KNOCK YOUR SOCKS OFF.It is that good . It will attract EVERYONE in a room . People will not believe their eyes when you slide an empty wine glass over and around the spinning top . An incredible effect . IF you are willing to spend a little time getting it right.No patience = horrible expense.Good patience = Awesome Toy .
 Nothing is intuitive about this product , which is why it is so fun and fascinating . The calibration is quite tricky . It 's getting the proper weight added to the top , and the base magnet PERFECTLY level , that allows the top to spin/float in the magnetic `` pocket '' . Spinning the top takes some practice time . After a few short , frustrating hours , you will have the spin mastered and the two magnets calibrated . I thoroughly enjoy it , as do my teen-aged children , for whom I had bought it for originally .
 I really liked this toy ... when I got it to work . It took an hour or so to get it spinning for a couple minutes and hovering in the air . I have n't gotten it to do that again since that first time . It is incredibly difficult to get all the settings perfect , between the weight of the top and the leveling of the base . I would not recommend this for children or impatient adults . I consider myself a patient and persistent person , but even I eventually got frustrated with it and gave up on it .
 It takes a long time to figure out what the perfect weight is , how to spin it , how to keep the platform straight ect but once you get it to work it is mindblowing you almost cant belive it . I know how it works it is just amazing to see something float , and these magnets are EXTREMELY strong i highly reccomend this to everyone but as the package says `` ages 14 and up '' thats there for a reason it is quite difficult to get started . i like how it can store itself until the base very clever design.fascinations is one of the coolest brands and I hope they continue to make amazing products.this was purchased from thinkgeek .
 My husband and I bought this for our son at around 4 and a half months . At first he did not know how to turn , but now at 6 months , he 's a pro ! He loves the book , and I love the fact that you can put your own pictures in instead . The toys are stimulating , but not over stimulating.What I do n't like is that the bottom is smooth and makes it difficult for him to grip , unless bare-footed . And there could be a better idea for adjusting the height .
 My son loves this activity center . It is the first toy of it 's kind that my son will stay in longer than 15 minutes at a time . He goes crazy jumping in it . I have n't had the paint chipping problem mentioned in one of the previous reviews - and my son definitely chews on just about every part !
 I am a work at home mom and when my now 8 month old son reaches for my papers I put him in this . He loves it ! We got it for him when he was about 4 months old and he could not reach the bottom , but he figured out how to turn by pulling on toys iwth his hands . Now that his feet reach he bouncs , turns and has a great time ! My son also teethes on the toy bar , but I have not had any problems with the paint coming off , it seems to be all plastic rather than painted . I ca n't wait to use it as a walk behind ! *** My son is now 14 months old and just started using this as a walk behind . He thinks it is great to crash in to things ! He still drags the balls around everwhere with him . I 've concidered ordering more ! ***
 My baby loves this thing , she never sits still . The popping globe with beads doesnt work right though . I havent noticed any problems with paint - I think my daughter would enjoy a jumperoo or bouncer more than this one .
 I purchased this for my 4mo old son and he has loved it from the first day . I hav n't experienced any paint peeling problems , and he chew on everything . I looked at several others and none of them compared to the value and substance that this one offers . Great product !
 Despite a few shortcomings , our son loves this `` office '' . The paint did start chipping after he got both his top and bottom teeth . And the pop-up toy does stick . And , as well , even thought he is in the 100th percentile for height , he could not touch the bottom when he was 4-5 mo old , but a pillow fixed that problem . However , he loves the tall teethers , and finds the balls fascinating to drop and throw . He has LOVED the ferris wheel of beads from the moment we have put him in his office . He goos at the pictures of our family in the picture book , and loves the lights and sounds of the arch . He is a Jumperoo fanatic , but can also jump in this office . He also loves the fact we can spin him around by spinning the whole contraption . We have n't reached the stage to try the walk-behind feature . All in all I think it is a good toy . Nothing is perfect , and he seems to be attracted to the toys and finds them entertaining . It is the variety that keeps him occupied ... especially since almost every feature makes a noise , or is chewable or both !!!!
 My daughter adored her saucer , I knew I liked the look of it when I was pregnant , but I never guessed how much my daughter would love her Kolcraft sit and step . The center of the music center spins to make music which she loved not to mention the lights . There is a clear spinner off to the side with the beads inside . This was wonderful how this toy grew with my daughter , it feels more like an investment she could grow with vs. one of those other brands . My daughter loved the ball drop when she was older and the convenient storage in front was perfect for some of the other brands of baby toy balls we added . The music center moving up onto the walker was a real plus too.I did n't have any of the trouble with it that others have described , it was always perfect until the batteries ran out , and those were easily replaced . I am very seriously considering buying another -LRB- sold the first one at a yard sale -RRB- for a friend .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 6 months old . She loved the lights & sounds as well as the `` books '' on activity center and had no problem turning the swivel chair to play . Eventually -LRB- 7 months -RRB- she became bored with sitting in the chair and started pulling up on the activity center to play while she would stand on the outside . I never had a problem with it losing its stability or tipping over . My husband then took it apart to create the walker and she loved it as well ; getting upset when we became too tired to keep turning her around when she would hit a wall . This toy is what played a huge role in her learning how to walk and she was walking on her own by 8 months old . She still enjoys sitting in the middle of the activity center and playing while on the floor . Then only issue I had was a piece of the locking mechanism that keeps the activity center on the base , broke when trying to create the walker . We did n't need it anymore but I was disappointed when it broke so easily . Other than that ... a great buy and worth every penny .
 My wife and I were accidentally introduced to the Kolcraft when we stopped by a friend 's house with our -LRB- then -RRB- 3.5 month old son . They had one , and when we put our son into it he literally squealed with delight and giggled like we had never previously heard him . I shopped the ` net and decided , as is almost always the case , to buy from Amazon . No regrets at all with the purchase . Our son is now 5.5 months old and spends lots of very happy playtime in the Kolcraft . It is well constructed and lots of fun for him . I ENTHUSIASTICALLY recommend this product and Amazon to all parents in the market .
 Fairly easy to assemble and our 6 month old loves it . Extra nice in that it 's an activity center and walker in one so that you do n't have two pieces of large baby equipment cluttering the house.One mystery is why Kolcraft ships the product with the latch clips already installed as sometimes these can get broken in shipping and you 'll have to order a whole new tray -LRB- they provide replacement for free -RRB- but it seems like shipping with them not attached would make more sense but I guess that 's why I 'm not CEO of Kolcraft ????
 My husband and I love this item . Our daughter is 6 months old and seems to like it more and more with each passing week . She 's now big enough to move around and enjoy all of the toys . I have n't had paint chipping problems but she also does n't have teeth . Our pop up sticks but she does n't seem to mind . I just wish all the little nooks were easier to clean . I guess I could hose the whole thing off outside . If I could I would give it 4 3/4 starts .
 This was a good product , but my son just did n't play much with all the toys . Just not enought activity for him .
 I researched a lot of products and finally decided on this one because of its 2 in 1 conversion from a play center to a walker later on . My 6 month old son absolutely loves sitting in it and playing with all of the gadgets , seeing all the lights , and hearing all the sounds he can make . Now that he can touch the bottom , he can turn himself so he can play with all the toys in the 360 degree circle . We recently took it apart so he could try out the walker and it was really simple to undo and then put back together again . I would defintely recommend this product to all parents out there . We love it and my son spends at least 30 mintues a day in it . A + + + + +
 My daughter is 6 months and she loves this toy . In the beginning I had to place a pillow under her feet so she could move around but now she is tall enough to reach . No paint chipping yet , she plays rough and it still stands . All I say is research the kind you want because you could wish it had more features . Wish it was 3 in 1 ; 1 sit in play , 2 sit and walk , 3 stand and push .
 I bought the Sit N Step 2 in 1 when my son was 7 months old . From the time that I put it together , my son absolutely LOVED it . When I first saw this online , I first liked the fact that it converted into a walker . Then I liked the variety of toys that it offered . I have not experienced the chipping paint or the ball pop sticking . My son has chewed on the music/activity bar quite a lot , and it still looks brand new . The only reason I am giving this item 4 stars is that the front wheels , while secured in place , sit quite a bit higher than the back , causing the front of the activity center to lean . But since it is still secured , I just left it alone . My son actually seems to like the fact that he can bend over to reach certain toys , or reach up to reach others . Overall , He and I both love it . I ca n't wait to see how this does as the walker .
 Just right for a pleasant game of chess on the porch . The pieces are a traditional design and do not feel too light or plasticy . The magnetic catch holds things closed well . The printed instructions are in very small type , poorly translated from chinese , and completely worthless . If you need instruction help with these basic games , turn to the internet .
 the game is everything i expected . the product description was right on . the only thing missing is instructions . instructions would be good especially for children ,
 Good quality product . Allows you to play either of the three popular games . The only two cons that I can think of are :1 -RRB- Chess figures could be a bit larger .2 -RRB- Field is `` Unmarked '' - there 're no numbers nor letters so if you have a habbit to write down your games , you better know your ABC .
 This chess set filled the bill beautifully . The pieces are large enough to be able to handle them easily . They also look very nice even though they 're made in China .
 I am very pleased with the Chess , Checkers & backgammon set I received . It was as advertised , solid wood and very nicely finished . So different from the sets found in many toy stores which are cardboard covered with vinyl to simulate wood . The only criticism I would make is that the checker pieces could be larger for greater ease in handling for persons with poor co-ordination . I 'm sure it will give us many years of enjoyment and was well worth the price .
 Chess set was up to expectation ! It was a gift and was a big hit !
 This game is very well made and is a great game for traveling as it is three games in one . I would buy it again .
 Concerning the Chess game , it is a good product ; after all , it is the most demanding and challenging desk game , which at the same time is suitable for just about everybody and can be played at all levels.Concerning the format to evaluate the product , why so many steps before one finally clicks on `` Publish the Review '' ? Pavel
 This little bag is very small , but packs a powerful punch with anawful stink . Just squeeze , throw , and smell . I guarantee that this will get anyone to nearly gag .
 I have the second generation model of this , the Aduki Ni , which I recommend over this model because the Aduki Ni also looks a metal sculpture when turned off . Anyway , this is a nifty decorative item that people are certain to ask about . It can be used inside or out , and includes a strap to hang it from a tree or whatever . The light generated by this is n't sufficient to use as illumination , but it definitely adds color to a scene and looks pretty bright in a darkened environment . The effect can also be seen with indoor lighting , in which case it looks like it 's just changing color like a chameleon.On the downside , it must be kept charged . Not only does it take several hours to charge -LRB- 18 hours out of the box -RRB- but there are strong warnings against letting it run down to zero . I do n't know what happens in that case , but apparently it 's not something you can just leave on and forget about . I have had mine on for a little over three hours continuously though without it running down .
 There is also a chrome version which looks just like the Cloud Gate in Chicago when not switched on . Beautiful . Check the makers site .
 My roomie has wanted a globe forever so this was a joke gift for her . She looked at it for a long time and I 'm sure it 'll come in handy this summer .
 Do n't know how much people were expecting out of a beach ball . The countries are not perfect , it 's not perfectly round but it 's a kids toy and works great as a TOY .
 What can I say , ca n't really believe they require us to put 20 or more words , rediculious . Really . I mean !
 we bought this because our five year old to help him understand where family lived around the US . It does help but it deflates very quickly too .
 Product is great for homeschooling . Product is cheap so the kids can write on it with marker during lessons for interactive learning .
 Kids love this because it 's a ball . Yet they can find places on the globe that they 've heard of in school . Great toy as long as the kids do n't kick it over the fence into the neighbor 's yard ... LOL !
 This beach ball was exactly what I wanted . I bought several of them . I wanted to use them as beach balls and with a surprise - plus it makes a good conversation piece -LRB- especially with my 5 year old -RRB- . Great price and I have one that has been blown up for a year and suprised me that it was so durable . I originally ordered it for a gag gift ...
 Very good educational toy . My son enjoy learning and playing with it . For initial hours , toy has very strong color smell , I would suggest to keep product in open area for couple of hours and then allow kids to play.Overall , I like the product and I recommend it .
 I 'm not sure how useful it actually is for learning geography , but it 's a novel idea and the kids are attracted to it on that basis . We have not had any trouble with air leaking , so I think it was definitely worth the price .
 We just love all the Uglydolls ! They 're soft , well made , durable and clever . Perfect for monster loving kids and adults.Do note this is NOT two dolls , it 's the front and back of the doll , the picture is a bit misleading .
 The photo & description are deceptive . You are NOT getting two dolls . The photo is showing two sides of ONE doll . This should be stated more clearly .
 I bought this for an adult friend who was having surgery . Rather than startle people with grumpiness , I told her to use the doll to let me and others know if she felt like talking or wanted to be left alone . Pink side up = good day/green side up = leave me alone . It worked really well , and also it worked as a `` cough pillow to hold against the incision whenever she had to cough . Great doll , great gift . Recommend highly .
 My aunt is an art teacher and loves Bop N ' Beep . I bought this for her birthday . It appears to be exactly what is listed and exactly what she wanted . I know she will love it .
 I saw this profiled in Entertainment Weekly . It seemed like a cool idea and I ordered it based on the picture . Size-wise it 's between a CD and an album and the 3D aspect is cool , but the fold out support on the back leaves it leaning at almost a 45 degree angle for display purposes , which is less than optimal . For $ 9.99 , I ca n't complain too much , but I would n't pay any more than this .
 This is a really cool new collectible from McFarlane toys , ca n't wait to see what band they do next .
 what can I say , its solid , its 3D , its Zeppelin , and i love it , got it on my studio wall , just wish there was other classic albums to have .
 Great piece to have for Zeppelin fans . Bought it as a Christmas present , package came in fast timely manner , no damage . Receiver was very happy with it .
 Outstanding in Detail , Very Realistic . Not suitable as a children Toy due to delicate parts .
 todd mcfarlane is the creator of SPAWN , the comic , hbo series and movie.when he wanted to make action figures , he thought OUTSIDE THE BOX , wondering just HOW to make these things on his own.the result was a toy with far more detail and parts that he was able to sell for LESS MONEY than what other companies were putting out!better product . better detail . less money . sounds good to me!this got him the attention of others and soon he was making a lot of ` music ' related toys , such as a lot of the newere KISS merchandise , as well as metallica , ozzy , and others.while i am still waiting for the approval of the led zeppelin personalities , todd came up with THIS concept of a 3d album cover.now i only bought it to keep in the package as a collectible , but trust me , it is nice ... especially for the price.as an aside , another thing that put this guy on the map was that HE was the one spending millions a few years back to purchase all the maguire and sosa home runs ... in what wound up being a brilliant marketing tool for his company.a smart man . a good man . and always a great product from the man . he does things right !
 Well lets start off by saying this is n't a toy it is a 3D cover art replica by the one and only Todd McFarlane the man who created Spawn one of the coolest super hero/villains ever . So I was a bit skeptical when buying this product even though it was made by Spawn Toys which always makes great toys and models but it was n't for me , it was for my older sister who really likes Led Zeppelin and her birthday was coming up and she does n't really know anything about toys , so I went ahead and bought it . After around a six day wait which is pretty standard the zeppelin arrived and it came in it 's own really cool plastic box with pics of other related Spawn Toys products on the back . My sister loved it and when she opened it I was actually able to take a good look at it and it was flawless except for some dripped clear coating on the side of the album cover but it 's unnoticeable and wow let me tell you about the detail on this thing , it 's amazingly accurate to the original . This item is pretty sturdy except for the little propellers on the bottom , you have to be careful to not pick on them too much because they could fall of and then that would suck pretty bad . So she ended up hanging it in her room and it looks really cool so if your a real Led Zeppelin fan and want to have something most people do n't this is for you and if your not that HUGE of a fan it 's still a cool thing to look at . Stop procrastinating and get already ! , you wont regret it .
 We bought this for our 6 year old son , who loves all music . When we got it home , he and his 2 year old brother could n't wait to get it open . When we first bought it , I was n't sure if they would really be able to play it . Boy , did I make a mistake!They both could play it with no experience required ! Even the 2 year old could play it and made it sound great ! It was very easy for them to learn , Just pick it up , pull it apart and push it back together . Its that Simple ! Our 2 boys love it , And love to play cajun music with it ! My husband even likes to play with it ! I 'm so glad we made this purchase !
 Buying a kids accordion is probably something your average parent would n't even consider ; most folks do n't like accordion music , and the idea of a kid squeezing and squeezing on one of these things is about as appealing as a hole in the head.However , most people have misconstrued ideas about what this instrument would sound like . First of all , this is a diatonic accordion , meaning it 's tuned to only one key . The buttons make different sounds depending on whether you 're pushing or pulling on the bellows . Diatonic accordions are popular in Cajun and Zydeco , Irish Music , Tex-Mex and Conjunto , Gypsy Music , and various other forms of world music . They are not the accordions typically used in polka.Because of the diatonic setup , your kid ca n't play a sour note ! It 's like giving them an 8-note wide section of a piano , with no black keys . Sure , if they try , they 'll still be able to drive you nuts with this thing , but most likely , they 'll enjoy trying to pick out songs . Unlike a string instrument or a flute instrument , if they really give it a try , they 'll likely have success pretty quickly , because of the one-key structure.Pick up a good CD to help inspire your kids on this instrument ; I recommend Buckwheat Zydeco 's `` Choo Choo Boogaloo '' , it 's kids ' zydeco ... . very fun !
 My daughter recieved Christmas money and chose to purchase this toy accordion . What a wonderful surprise it has been ! I would recommend this instrument to anyone who wants an accordion or a good beginner 's instrument.It has a pleasant sound and is simple to operate . Do n't let its simplicity fool you , though . There is room for growth with this accordion . It has a range of two octaves and is capable of good musical expression.I 've given it four stars for durability . It 's out-of-box quality is excellent . Time will tell if it garners a fifth star.A word of warning . My wife and I have had much discussion about how to help our daughter `` play '' the accordion . Who would 've guessed it would teach us something about ourselves ?
 I play a 120 bass Piano Accordion and I saw this toy accordion and it just stole my heart . It 's a sturdy little diatonic accordion and it 's beautifully tuned in chords so you ca n't play a wrong note . It 's a load of fun , and when my friends say they ca n't play music -- I hand them this little axe and they have a blast ! It 's compact , beautiful , and a load of fun for anyone of any age !
 We have now had it for over 2 years and between 4 kids and their many friends and cousins , it still lives ! Whenever it is found it is played with . Yeah sure the keys get stuck occasionally , but if that happens you just wiggle the end a little bit and presto everything goes back . Worth the money !
 I bought this for my 9 year old son , who is very interested in learning different instruments . -LRB- And secretly , after a recent trip to visit my friend in Sweden and hearing her mother play the accordion , I was interested in giving it a try as well -RRB- . We are very happy with this ! Here it is , 4 months past Christmas and this toy is still as popular as ever . And everyone in the family loves to play around with it , from our 18 year old daughter all the way to our 4 year old daughter . The sound is very good , even with it being a toy and it 's complicated enough for the adults in the family to stay interested in learning . However , it 's also easy enough for children to master a few tunes themselves without much effort , which keeps them working to get better and better.Definitely a great buy for us !
 I was sceptical when I saw there was an accordion out at a very affordable price that promised to sound great and was easy to learn . I had previously some rather bad experience with a kid 's piano that I returned as it sounded like ... * you name it . However , this product really holds up . It looks good , is made for the little people , and the accompanying instructions are clearly understandable and very valuable even for grown-ups who might have forgotten about their knowledge of sheet music and scales.It is easy to learn if you put your energy to it , and it also tells you how not to destroy the instrument which happened to us before with a different type of instrument that was on the same price level , but only half as good.Three thumbs up !
 I think i have a chance at learning some music.The music is in tablature -LRB- or in this numbering system -RRB- , and there are like 7 keys on the little `` first act '' accordion . The paper page brochure has a couple of songs , and the first key is number oneand so forth until number seven . Do n't worry on the songs , it has a few . The idea is not to bombard you with many of them . It has a couple , but they are short , but everything has been made in order for you or anyone to reach the goal of learning . Treat this like typing , and you will be fine . If you push inward this will be the symbol for it `` V '' -LRB- A letter V -RRB- and if you push out the V will be upside down . I think the non musician has a chance at learning tablature music or Number music at it states in the paper brochure . Once you get the toy , it comes inside a colorful box telling you of the benefits of playing music
 I 'd just like to say , I 'd never had more fun with a toy in my entire life , well maybe I have , but this one is really cool ! Even if you do n't like the accordion , you 'll like this one . I had lots of fun playing it at the store , untill one of the button 's sunk in , I was truly sadened by this , but I moved on . I think it is n't as durable as it should be , because there was another one at the store with 3 sunkin in buttons . This toy is soo much fun . A lady stopped by while i was playing with it and asked where she could get one because she liked the sound quality so much . One last thing , this is one of the best toys ever .
 Think this is just for kids ? Think again . I bought this after I played with a similar accordion and could n't believe a $ 20 instrument could actually make music . There are a lot of companies selling these , but I 'm pretty sure they 're all the same . If you think accordion playing might be fun , it 's definitely worth the minor investment . The quality of construction is much higher than one would expect for this price range . I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is interested in learning a diatonic accordion .
 We bought this for our 6 year old son , who loves all music . When we got it home , he and his 2 year old brother could n't wait to get it open . When we first bought it , I was n't sure if they would really be able to play it . Boy , did I make a mistake!They both could play it with no experience required ! Even the 2 year old could play it and made it sound great ! It was very easy for them to learn , Just pick it up , pull it apart and push it back together . Its that Simple ! Our 2 boys love it , And love to play cajun music with it ! My husband even likes to play with it ! I 'm so glad we made this purchase !
 This instrumental toy is one of the greatest I have seen -LRB- or played with -RRB- . It provided my friend and me with many laughs and tons of enjoyment . It kept us amused and jolly . I recommend this toy for just about anyone who loves to play . Be careful not to press the buttons too hard
 Our children have had a child 's accordion for about 6 years . It has worn out and we decided to replace it as well as buy it as a gift for our 3 year old nephew . We went to Toys R Us and found that some of the accordions had the buttons pushed into their holes and then shifted so that they do not pop back out . We then picked up a good one and pushed the buttons and found the same thing happened . We passed on this purchase because the design did not seem as good as the one we have .
 We do n't own this one -LRB- yet -RRB- , but I saw it at Toy R Us last night . I would have walked right by it , since toy instruments are usually junk . But this one was busted out of it 's box , and someone beside me picked it up and started playing with it . It sounded amazing ! It has a very rich , authentic sound , very strong . When he put it down , I just had to pick it up and play with it - I could n't believe how solid it was . It 's fairly heavy , and very well put together . This really is an amazingly toy - you wo n't be able to resist playing with it yourself !
 Easy to play right out of the box . Four year old daughter enjoys it greatly . Kids and grown-ups ca n't seem to leave it alone . The straps where your hand and thumb go need some breaking in , but overall a wonderful instrument .
 The accordian is the type of musical instrument a child or agrandma can have fun playing , and First Act has a good sound-ing accordian that 's also a good size to handle.Even when you miss a note ... it 's never sour or nerve jangling , and I think that 's what my grand kids love about the accordian . -LRB- Me too ! wink -RRB-
 My kids -LRB- ages 8,9 , & 10 -RRB- all love to play with this accordian . It plays loud -LRB- not like a cheap toy -RRB- it sounds pretty even when no particular song is being played .
 The one I recieved did not come with a manual , so be sure to buy the the seperate one amazon is selling.Once you get it , it is a joy to play , their are really no wrong notes , and if you get the learn & play book , you can learn how to play 10 melodies , like london bridge , mary had a little lamb , twinkle tinkle little star , and the C scale on this accordian .
 my son loves it . I do n't have anything bad to say about this . Great toy for kids .
 This book along with our First Act Accordion has been sitting on the coffee table . It 's been a great `` conversation '' piece and source of lots of fun for ALL Ages ; even those that do n't necessarily `` like '' accordian music ! Very impressed with the quality of this , more than just a toy!First Act FL312 Discovery Learn & Play Accordion Book
 This instrumental toy is one of the greatest I have seen -LRB- or played with -RRB- . It provided my friend and me with many laughs and tons of enjoyment . It kept us amused and jolly . I recommend this toy for just about anyone who loves to play . Be careful not to press the buttons too hard
 So many parents , I believe , do n't care if a toy is educational . They just want a quiet object for their child to focus on so that it does n't interrupt Mom or Dad 's television show . This is really more a true instrument than a toy . It 's educational . There is a manual that comes with it and it teaches you how to use it . You , as a smart parent , want to read it first and know how to use it yourself so that you can spend several hours focusing on your child learning how to use it as well . If you think music is important you will read the manual . If you could n't care less , then keep the manual for your child to read on his/her own so he/she can get the best use out of the instrument when they are old enough to read it on their own . If you 're annoyed by noises and music and your kid having a blast pushing and pulling on the instrument , then do n't buy it . My personal feeling is that kids should be given the opportunities to experience these kinds of things , so if you want Junior to sit in the corner and play a quiet video game , do n't bother buying this.This instrument will also give your child the exposure to learn how to play other instruments as well . Just like learning a language , once you master one you can much more easily learn others . The same is true with musical instruments . Learn this , and your child has learned how to read music , playing by ear , fingerings , chords , etc. . SO much better than something your child does n't have to even use a brain cell to master .
 The service was excellent and speedy . My nephew loved the accordian . Would definately buy from them again !
 This was a gift for my 6 yr old grandchilds birthday . For two years she has asked for one . I though it was and odd choice of gifts but I went Looking for one and found the first act . All of the children at her party were fighting over it . Her 4 cousins ages 7,6,6 , & 5 have all put in there orders for one for Christmas . I was surprized at how well its made , and the sound is wonderful for the price . The only thing I would do differently is get the one with the keys hers has the bottons . What I have found out since her birthday is many of the childrens shows -LRB- like Jacks Music Show -RRB- have accordions . She plays it everyday .
 a little hard to figure out how to play an actual song on . I could n't imagine an 8 year old actually playing an intelligible song on it without an adult helping and lots of practice . I tink t might just be the nature of the beast though . It is super fun to play around with for the heck of it .
 I had read other reviews regarding the keys getting stuck . I bought for Christmas anyway , and my four-year-old son loved it . The keys threatened to stick on many occasions , and the instrument finally broke on March 7 . Six of the seven keys on one side only blow air . I 'm not sure what to do because he wants another one .
 ... is there anything they ca n't do ? MRIs -LRB- Magnetic Ressonance Imaging machines -RRB- can find out what ails ya - magnetic bracelts can heal your arthritis and refridgerator magnets hold your child 's artwork in place . Now magnets have moved into the realm of kinetic entertainment . This well balanced magnetic repulsion setup will let your top spin for minutes on end in what appears to be mid air . Fascinating , relaxing and almost trance-inducing .
 You really do need to follow the directions . It must be extremely level , and the weight within 0.15 grams -LRB- do n't loose the little washers -RRB- , but when you get it working , everyone is impressed and surprised . Once it was adjusted , a 9 year old learned to do it with the battery powered top spinner . -LRB- As they tell you warm magnets are weaker , so on warmer days or after the top warms up in your hands , you sometimes have to change the weight by the smallest amount . -RRB-
 This is a great toy to play with . And the cherry wood is gorgeous . But getting the self start is a MUST . Out of the hundreds of times I have gotten the thing to float , I think only once was ever done without the starter . You need that thing spinning nice and fast before you even attempt to remove the support block . And you have to calibrate it correctly with the legs and the weights in order to get maximum levitation out of it.That said , when it 's up and running , the thing is incredible to look at it . It just floats there , like magic . The educational part come not from it simply floating there , but from the fact that it has to be spinning in order for it to stay stable.Just be careful to catch it before it stops spinning.Like I said the thing is gorgeous with the wood and brass . It would be a shame if the wood got dented an scratch . Which WILL happen . The base is basically a giant magnet . And a strong one at that . The spinning top is basically a piece of metal . You do the math . Many times you 're gon na get the hard metal spinning top slamming against the beautiful wood of the base . And it 's gon na get dented , . This will happen when you try to get the top start . It will happen when the top stops spinning . It will happen when you accidentally bump the desk . It will happen simply because it wants to . But it will happen and the base will get dented . There is another one made with a plastic base , I do n't have it but it does n't look nearly as classy as this guy . This is something you can put on an office desk.It 's pretty and when it 's floating , it 's even prettier .
 This is a neat little toy that is a pain in the you know what to get to work right . They offer a helper gizmo that is supposed to make it easier , but the gizmo does n't spin it fast enough ... a waste of $ 10 .
 I saw this on you tube and was impressed . I ordered it through Amazon.com and the Levitron came quickly.My initial try at levitation was not successful ... . I takes some experimenting to get the correct weight setting for your location and magnet strengths . Once the correct weight is determined it is easy to get the top to levitate . Very fun to show to people who have never seen one .
 it 's seriously not that hard to figure it out ... READ THE INSTRUCTIONS !! great product . does exactly what is stated and looks nice .
 Once I mastered the spin -LRB- getting the base level , and correctly weighing the top -RRB- , it spins for a good while on its own . Very interesting . Check out
 MORE THAN A TOY ... A MYSTERY IN AN ATTRACTIVE , WELL BUILT , WOOD AND METAL CONFIGURATION .
 works great perfect service , fast shipping , and just the way a was describe highly recommended , works super ,
 I just played this last night with a group of friends and everyone expressed how much they enjoyed it . It 's easy to learn , family oriented and compact . There is an earasable score card included , so no paper gets wasted on keeping score . I would recommend it for those seeking a light hearted game that moves along pretty quickly . It 's also a good way to get to know your friends better !
 I bought this for a family vacation . We all loved the game and that is all anyone wanted to play after the first run ! We even added in 2 names we all know to use for the special cards . It was funny ! Like when asked which one would be least likely to pay you back , or which person would be least likely to pick up a check , we all chose the dog !
 This game is great fun -- a good way to get to know both new and old friends . I bought a set for myself , my sister , and my friend !
 We have enjoyed this game a great deal . The questions cover a wide range of biblical literature with some history thrown in . We are often forced to go to the Bible to look up unfamiliar passages , and do find that the game is a fun way to fill in the gaps in our biblical knowledge . It is also encouraging to see the suprising level of familiarity with scripture in yourself and others . With the other mostly shallow fare in the game market , this is a refreshing way to have fun and make a little investment in your spirtual development .
 My Son loves these Tonka toys . He 's got several of them already and Chuck is his favorite . I like them because they are durable . We 've had some of the Tonka trucks for 2 years and they have held up very well . Easy to pack for travel & they 're reasonably priced . What little boy does n't love Tonka trucks ?!
 These are great little die cast vehicles . Very cute , but I thought they would be a little bigger and plastic , so my infant grandson could play with them . They are good for what they are ... just not what I wanted .
 Trucks were a little bit smaller than I pictured , but it did n't seem to matter to my nephew . He enjoyed playing with them on the floor carpet designed as a mini city .
 This was purchased for my 12 year old nephew . He is very excited about it , but we did not realize that many tools , glue and other items were necessary for him to actually build it . Perhaps that information should have been more evident .
 I bought this for my 10 year old thinking it would be fun to build together . Wrong . Due to the complexity of the build I ended up doing most of the work . After about 12 hours of tinkering , fitting , filing , trimming -LRB- which I enjoyed -RRB- ... model works and looks great .
 I purchased this item and was a little skeptical before buying because of the reviews , but it 's all not as bad as everyone says -LRB- unless I got lucky or something -RRB- it is . You do n't need to buy new bolts/screws if you do n't mind drilling away the excess plastic in the holes where the bolts slide into and meet the nut . I only had to drill out about 18 holes in total . A couple of screws did n't reach the nut , so I had to file away some of the plastic that was too thick and it fit perfect . This kit is n't some thing that just fits together perfect , you have to file/sand a lot of pieces to make them fit . All this sounds bad , but is n't that the point of building a kit ? Anyways it is a big plus if you know how an engine works and where the pieces go , but knowing that kind of defeats the purpose for the people who want to learn how and engine works and is put together . If do n't much about engines or anything at all it can be difficult , but a good way to learn how it functions . It may not come out perfect but it sure is fun ; that 's why decided to give it a try . Mine came out pretty good , I 'd give it B - on function and A on looks . Btw I am experienced with engines , but not so much with model kits , as this was my first one . I could of done an A + job , but was to exited and counld n't wait to see the finished result . In total it took me about 18 hours to completely finish . I did n't use vegetable oil , cause everyone else says not to , so I picked up some lablle 108 oil , which is used to lube plastics . I picked it up at a train hobby store , they use it to oils the model train wheels . I recommend this to anyone who is looking for a challenge . Almost forgot to say do n't use super glue cause it turns the clear pieces white and cloudy . Use epoxy or something else that does n't dry white
 This model is a great tool for educational purposes . It took me around a full 24 hours spread over a week to assemble . I took my time and made sure each joint was well glued and cured . Overall this product has been a pure joy to assemble . Please take your time with this one . Next for me is to install a motor to make the model operate automatically .
 All Perfect . Good Quality.Very happy this this product . It sutted fine and its a proper item wich i recomment for all users .
 At this time I am unable to give details about the product . It was a gift for my grandsonwho is 13 years old .
 This V8 Engine Kit looks to be a replica of a 1962 Cadillac V8 Engine . I discarded the metric screws and nuts shipped with the kit and used 2-56 x 1/2 and 2-56 x 1/4 screws with 2-56 nuts . It appears that the design was made for the SAE screws . They work great in the kit . The directions are quite clear and require some care when doing the assembly . I used a different lubricant `` EXLube Heavy Gear Oil '' which is supposed to be very compatible with plactic moving parts and gears . I also used 5 minute expoxy . The finished kit is great and I am doing this with my 4 year old Grandson as my `` Helper '' . We do almost everything together except the epoxy glue steps . Care must be taken like the instructions say to remove the mold marks on the plastic parts and to glue the places where it says to glue and not glue where it says not to glue . This has been a fun project . With proper care and attention to detail this project will come out fine . Be sure to take your time and do not rush this project . I found the technical help phone line to be very valuable and the person that I talked to was extremely helpful and knowledgable . That kind of help is very rare these days .
 If you have no experience on model , stay away ! I do and it was still hard . But it overall was fun and maybe looking to do another ! The model turned out great !
 I 've built 4 of these visible V8 models in my lifetime -- my first at age 12 with my Dad 's help . As this is the only visible V8 model out there , your choices unfortunately are either -LRB- a -RRB- not to have one or -LRB- b -RRB- put up with the horrible cost cutting done by the manufacturer on what really is a 50 year old kit design . Because it is now made in China -LRB- surprise surprise -RRB- the kit is supplied with metric fasteners , which do not fit well and cause all sorts of problems with assembly . Buy the standard 2-56 hardware and save yourself a headache -LRB- see below -RRB- . With that said , this model really has great potential , if you are the kind of modeler -LRB- i.e. proficient enough -RRB- to do some fine tuning & finishing . You can pull this out of the box , glue it together and it * might * be just fine , but more than likely it will have binding parts , wo n't crank smoothly , or some part will break internally . The cam shaft drive gears are notorious for snapping on these after only a couple hours , rendering the finely built valvetrain inoperative.To get around the kit 's shortcomings and make it more fun & reliable , here is what you do :1 -RRB- Carefully trim and debur EACH piece after removal from the mold sprues . Particularly rotating pieces , valves and pistons . I even go so far as to finely sand & polish the pistons & crank after gluing them together to get rid of the parting lines & flashing .2 -RRB- Spend the $ 15 on McMaster-Carr and buy a box each of the following
 This is an update to the early review of the Visible V8 kit . Revell has moved their manufacturing of this kit to , -LRB- surprise -RRB- China sometime during the past few years . The kits are now supplied with metric screws and nuts . The kit was designed here in America about 1960 using 2-56 screws and nuts . The metric nuts and screws are larger and will not fit into some of the pockets and holes correctly . This causes some of the holes not to line up correctly requiring some drilling and cutting of the plastic parts . A stupid cost cutting move at best.Anyway , if you build one of these kits I would go to a hobby shop , buy the correct 34 2-56 nuts ,14 2-56 1/4 inch screws ,20 2-56 1/2 inch screws , not use the supplied metric nuts and screws . 2-56 Nuts and screws are usually available at hobby shops as most hardware stores do n't carry screws that small . Mc Master Carr has 2-56 nuts and screws available on line , but you may have to buy a full box of them . Nylon screws and nuts will also work if needed , but they must not be over tightened . You might also find steel , brass , nylon 2-56 nuts and screws on E Bay from time to time . Steel , brass , and nylon screws can be cut to fit if needed , but stainless steel screws will be harder to cut.Another reason to use the correct screws and nuts is that the nuts are held in place with epoxy and per instructions , placed in position first . Then when the screws are put in , many of the holes wo n't line up , but you have already epoxied the nuts in place . This can be a problem . Using the correct screws and nuts is a better way to go as some might fit , but some wo n't . The kit will go together better and faster . These kits will fit together if you take your time to trim and pre fit the parts before using the exoxy and styrene glue . I use epoxy and plastic welder rather than the standard model airplane glue . They really do look good when finished.Update
 This is a skill level three kit , age 12 + years . Younger children may be ok with adult supervision . This kit will fit together if you take your time . It does not just snap together . Styrene Glue , epoxy , a small file set and a sandpaper assortment is required . You must trim the flash , file down the ejection pin marks and dry fit each part before gluing . If you are skill level three , then of course you already know this . If you have built plastic model cars or planes before , then this kit should be no problem . If you are looking for a simple kit that can be put together in a afternoon , this is not it . Allow a few days of off and on work to finish . I got my first Visible V8 as a Christmas present in 1961 . I have built five Visible V8s since and I am working on # 6 now . There is a DVD available that gives step by step instructions for building the Visible V8 on E -- , if needed , however with some time and effort , these kits become a nice little model to show to all your friends . Please remember , this is a scale model and not a toy for little kids to play with , even though it is listed as a toy on Amazon . The Visible V8 is a great educational tool for that young future auto mechanic or engineer.Important product update
 Most of the reviews on this model complain about the difficulty of assembling it . As a reasonably experienced but by no means expert model maker , I knew going in that it would not be a trivial job . I took my time , trimming and pre-fitting every piece carefully . Averaging maybe 20-30 minutes a day , it took me about a month to complete . As a result , it works perfectly , and I 'm very pleased with the results . I only have two issues . The first is my own fault - I put the cylinder blocks on the wrong sides . It still works fine , but it caused minor fit issues down the road . The blocks are hard to tell apart ; the way to know is to look for the dipstick tube guide on the appropriate side . The other problem , with the model , not me , is that the upper water pump flanges should be screwed on , not glued ; there 's nothing to prevent the pump from swinging out a bit , so it does n't sit straight against the block . But the accessory belt still works fine . All in all , a challenging model that would be entirely inappropriate for a kid under 12 . A great project for an automotive enthusiast with a little time to spare .
 Looking for a model that will keep your child busy yet educated then this is the one . I had one of these many years ago and now I am buying one for my son . This will teach your child how the basic principles of a engine work , because when your all done putting it togethor you can actually turn it and see all the moving pieces that a engine actually does .
 Good product , a little more time consuming than previously thought . Need to get epoxy cement instead of regular model cement . A lot of fun though and a really good learning experience . A great way to learn how engines work .
 To be honest I was very apprehensive about purchasing this kit after reading all the reviews but I decided to take a chance and our 10yo and I completed the kit last night . All-in-all it was n't a bad kit , it just needed a little attention to detail . After reading the reviews I decided to purchase a few things to prevent some of the common issues . There was mention that the screws and nuts were now metric and did not fitting correctly so I purchased some SAE items to replace them -LRB- # 2-56 hex nuts , # 2-56 1/2 '' screws and # 2-56 1/4 '' screws -RRB- . I also purchased a needle file set , Labelle 108 plastic safe oil , and a starter kit that included sandpaper and a razor knife . As stated in other reviews there is a lot of `` flash '' or extra plastic on many parts that will need to be cleaned up , that 's where the file set came in -LRB- good investment ! -RRB- . Use sand paper on the round parts because the molding seams will hamper the rotation of the engine . As far as fitment , you need to test fit everything several times to make sure it fits right . We found some issues when putting the actual engine block together , I had to trim off the locator blocks from the front and rear pieces with a knife because they were hitting the cylinder parts and would n't let them sit flush which really messed up the fitment of the crank and cam shaft . No real issue to doing this since the parts attach with screws anyways . Other than that just some minor adjustments here and there to get everything to fit and operate smooth . The kit was missing one piece -LRB- a bearing cap -RRB- , but using the Revell order page we had the replacement in about a week -LRB- free -RRB- . The only other deviation we did was we used super glue in place of the epoxy ; but if I had to do it again I would just use the standard fast drying plastic cement for all parts , super glue tended to haze the clear parts . As far as an educational tool I think it was outstanding . The kit comes with a `` How engine 's work '' book which we sat down and read to start off . During the build I would explain exactly what every part was and what it did . The next day I would point out parts and have him tell me what they were and what they did . It took us about three weeks to complete working and average of 1 hour after work and usually 5 days a week . Would I purchase the kit again ? Absolutely yes , very enjoyable to put together and he ca n't stop talking about it to family and friends ... and he learned something in the process . The kit just takes a little patience , some modeling skill and maybe to some degree a little working knowledge of engines . I gave it 4/5 stars simply because of the small fitment issues and flash but the model is working smooth so far .
 A time honored classic product . Start with this and then graduate to the real thing -LRB- if you can still find a V8 in a junk yard -RRB- .
 Just like the one I had as a kid . It could use a 4 barrel , and some tube headers . Thanks
 Excellent item . A great learning or teaching tool . Assembly instructions are very lacking , especially for a youngster or someone completely new to engines .
 My husband was so happy receiving this gift for fathers day . It is almost together already . I would recommend this for any motor heads out there . lol
 This was a great project to see if I can still assemble a big item with lots of parts .
 Recommendation
 My father bought me one of these when I was a kid . I still remember learning how the mechanical and electrical systems of a car engine work together as a single system . A great educational project for a mecahnically minded child and an even better child/parent team project .
 I remember building a Visable V-8 as a youngster . I was motorized so that as the pistons reached the top , a red light would go on as if it actually ignited the fuel . Wish the description clearly stated it is a hand crank model .
 My brother was very happy with the model and had it put together in two days . Had no problems he just had to buy more glue.I was hoping it would be more of a challenge but he was happy with it
 This is an excellent way for guys to bond with their sons.Also great practice for those who have an interest in engines.Customer service is excellent ... had a little glitch but it was resolved and I am more than happy.Thumbs up
 This was bought for my 20 year old who loves models . He was over the moon when he received it . I thought it was battery operated but he 's still happy . Quick post to aus and good postage prices and very well packaged
 These Chatnow phones are really cool very durable because I 've dropped mine a lot accidentally and you can hear the other person loud and clear it 's lots of fun . The screensavers are cool and the camera is pretty dark but it works and the animation thing is really cool . Definently buying material .
 At christmas I got a chatnow . Not flip phones those orange and black ones . They were ok . Three months later , guess what . They broke . I tried to call my friend Erica and it would not go through . Well for completing forth grade , my parents got me the pink flip phones . They were SO COOL !!!!!!!!!! What I could n't understand is the flip phones could call the orange and black ones perfectly . Hey thats fine with me . I gave one to my bffs stephanie and erica and we could all chat . No matter if were down the street . Or hitting the mall .
 my daughter and her freinds talk to each other on these things.but one day my daughter took the chat now cellphone to schooland got in trouble because her teacher thought it was a realcell phone
 I dont hav this but 1 of my friends does ! i was wondering can u talk to anybody or do they hav to hav one ? and can u talk to them when they r far away ? if so `` HEY '' i want one ! Thank u
 This is a really cool toy , we love it !! We love it because its just like a celphone and we feel like were teenagers because people look at us when were walking down the street and immediatly start to stare at our cool new celphones -LRB- chat nows -RRB- . We hope that all the kids around the world hear about this toy . thanks Hasbro !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 this toy is really fun , but sometimes the phone doesnt connect really well . I wish that the phone would go a longer distance . But overall the phone is awesome . I love the camera and text messaging is fun the phone is AWESOME !!!
 Hi my name is Tricia the chat now communicator is a cool way for kids to keep in touch with parents or friends .
 Come on folks , did you really think you were getting 2 cell phones for your kids for only 69 $ Will Duh ... NOT !! I bought this to keep in touch with my 9yr old daughter , I know she is NOT responsible enough to have a real cell phone but needed to be able to communicate with her when she is just down the street . It has been a life saver . I would recommend this to any pre-teen parent who wants to look cool and learn responsiblity . Come on , why do kids really need cell phones ? Where are they that you cant have them call from a regular phone or borrows another friends parents cell phone . I never thought for one minute this was going to be like a cell phone . My daugher loves it because she hated the walkie talkies I made her carry . Thanks for this simple invention to keep in touch in small places . I would give this a 5 star if they increased the distance . : -RRB-
 this phone has every accessorie a kid could want you could take pics . you can put funny faces on the pics you took . you can text people . also it 's a great acessorie to have . also you can actually talk to people on the phone . but one thing i do n't like about it is that the person you 're talking and chatting and texting to have to be at least 2 miles from you . but it 's still a good phone . especially for kids . and you should definetily get it if you 're best friends . so you can always stay in touch . no matter what . so if you do n't have this phone you should ... '' GET UP OFF THE COMPUTER AND GO BUY IT NOW BEFORE IT 'S TOO LATE . '' so go now and stop reading these reviews take it from me i know what good taste is i have it . u should get it . '' TAKE IT FROM ME !!! '' someone with good taste you wo n't be dissapointed . if my review was helpful to you go out and get this phone NOWWWW !!!
 This phone is a great mix between a walkie talkie and a cell phone . the style of talking is walkie talkie , but the feel of using it is of a cell phone -LRB- Camera , txt messaging -RRB- How fun : Pretty fun , when my sister and I first got them we used them like crazy , but be careful , as this does use batteries , using for as much as we did ran them out fast . Oh and another thing about the batteries , is when you stop using the ChatNow for a long period of time , you might want to take the batteries out , because the screen will freeze and it drains your battery -LRB- Waste of $ 3 ! -RRB- One thing that dissapointed me was that you have to leave your phone on if you want to recieve any calls or txt messages , so if you are going to use them , you have to make sure that the other person has theres on too.How educational : it 's ok , it is educational for learning how to make calls and text messages , and using it with other two-way radios . \ How durable : Really durable , I have dropped mine twice on the cement , and still works like new , i 've got a few scratches though , and the white -LRB- or black -RRB- thing IS supposed to come off.Ok , now for features.When you turn your CHATNOW on , you will see a menu of the following things : CHAT : This allows you to talk with other people using two way radios , there are 14 channels.CALL : This allows you to talk with other people who have ChatNow and are in the ChatZone -LRB- 2 miles -RRB- TEXT : This allows you to text messages to other ChatNow users , also includes Inbox , Outbox , and Sent . There are also little smileys that you can add to your messagePHOTO : This allows you to take pictures and look at your photo albumLIST : This allows you to view your friends ' ChatNow BuddyNumberPERSONAL : This allows you to look at your own BuddyNumber and your nameCUSTOMIZE : This allows you to change your ... Ring ToneText AlertScreen SaverMuteContrastTimeDateBattery -LRB- Unfortunately ca n't change -RRB- VOLUME : This allows you to change the volume.Overall this is one of the best things I have bought , it is well worth the money and is fun and exciting for kids
 The makers of the original Lava Lamp make a freaky blue sphere you can fondle . Glows a peaceful blue for hours . Can pass around a camp fire or play games with it . Instead of a game of Hot Potato , you can play cold potato ! Will make cats leave the room and if you have a terrier , they will bark at it . Do we live in a great century or what ?
 My child loves to color so she adores these markers . They last a long time and hold up very well . I am impressed .
 one of the best train sets i have . it dose n't fall off the track or unhitch it 's self or stops moving .
 Lifelike Trains are good sturdy trains -LRB- ... -RRB- . I bought a Lifelike train set for 9 bucks at my local Albertsons . The tracks are great as long as they 're on a flat surface . The engines that come with each set are rather unstable but the best thing about train sets all together is that you can always add on and on . So I recommend buying another engine -LRB- ... -RRB- . Oh , and after time buy a new transformer.In the model railroad world you get what you pay for and it varies on how serious you are or it 's something to keep the kids entertained.To make a long story short . These trains are best for starting out but the prices can be brought down a bit .
 I had recently purchased this for son for Christmas and he LOVES it ! He got all excited and plays with it for hours . He especially loves the book that came with it showing that he can purchase different towns and accessories to grow his own little town or city .
 this train is ok other than its stability . i think it would only suit people who really like trains etc. .
 A large triangular patch 8 inches wide and the same tall . -LRB- 203mm x 203mm -RRB- Somewhat plain in colors and design compared to most of the other available space/NASA patches.Machine sewn on a thickness of cloth with a fully glued backing.Based on the opinions of a sewing and embroidery trades-person this patch with the faux metallic border thread is best used on a garment that will not see much washing or for placement into a scrapbook .
 The game is fun . I have not been able to play it yet cause the dice is missing and I thought that the game would be a little bigger than it is . But it is still a fun game.I grew up on it .
 My boys and I have thoroughly enjoyed our Ant Village . Each time we 've bought new ants they 've lasted about two months . Since the ants ca n't be shipped when temperatures are extreme -LRB- hot or cold -RRB- we get new ants in the spring and fall and just put the farm away for the rest of the time.All the kids -LRB- and the adults for that matter -RRB- who come into our house end up watching the ants for at least a little while .
 I bought this toy for my 5 year old son . He got it for Christmas , and as stated in other reviews , I sent away for our ants right away and did not receive them until March . My son was so excited when the ants finally came . Most of them arrived alive and within hours had succeeded in digging tunnels . He spent a lot of time watching them and it gave him incentive to learn about them . However , within 3 days I came home to find ants all over his bedroom and down the hall . I had read other reviews that said they had had ants escape , so my husband and I made sure everything was sealed properly ... this apparently did not prevent us from having the same problem . The overall concept for the farm is terrific , but I feel there are definitely quality issues . If you do choose to purchase one of these farms , you might want to think about leaving it outside or in a contained area until you are certain it is airtight .
 My 7 year old son got one of these for Xmas . We sent for the free ants , they arrived a couple of months later . These ants are so fascinating ! They just keep working and working . My son has all his friends amazed at the tunnels , how little they eat and drink . I plan on buying several of these to have around for Birthday presents . You wo n't be disappoint with this item .
 This village ROCKS !! I am six years old , and I love this farm . If you have a kid that likes bugs , then buy this toy for them .
 it is so great i had to tell you . if you buy it you will have a blast . it is so fun i told my class and they got it . if you want a ant farm get this one !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ps it is number one !!!
 Fun and educational - If you want to know anything about ants , just watch them !! I love ant villages , but they need to be made of a stronger plastic - for handling purposes , but mostly for shipping purposes . I also wish they made the village buildings & trees able to snap out nicely - since I would love a more natural look . Overall I would recommend this farm to children of all ages interested in watching how ants live and work together .
 It was fun and educational . Only be careful of putting too many ants in it .
 My three year old got this for his birthday . The whole family has enjoyed it and has been fascinated by it . We considered using the ants from the backyard but I 'm glad we chose to send for the ones that come with the ant farm . Those ones are much bigger and can not escape from the ant farm . The tricky part is getting them in the farm . We had ant mayhem for a while . They were crawling out of the viles that they come in before we could get them in the farm . You will not regret getting this one . I 'm purchasing a second one for my friend 's son .
 THE ANT FARM IS GREAT FUN TO WATCH AND OBSERVE THE ANTS . IF YOU READ THE LITERATURE YOU KNOW THE ANTS WILL EVENTUALLY DIE . I PURCHASED THIS AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT AND KNEW THE ANTS WOULD HAVE TO BE ORDERED , THIS DOES N'T SEEM TOO FUN TO GET A GIFT THAT WILL NOT WORK . I WENT ON LINE AND BOUGHT ANTS FROM LIFE STUDIES , ONLY $ 2.50 FOR 25 ANTS OR $ 3.50 FOR 50 ANTS AND ONLY $ 0.50 FOR S&H , CA N'T BEAT IT . THE ANTS CAME WITHIN APPROXIMATELY 10 DAYS AND I HAD TO WAIT ANOTHER WEEK FOR CHRISTMAS AND THEY WERE STILL ALL ALIVE WITH ONE OAT AND ONE DROP OF WATER I ADDED . THERE ARE STILL 10 ANTS OUT OF 25 ALIVE AT THIS TIME , BUT I FEEL THEY ARE VERY EASY TO REPLACE , JUST DO N'T FORGET TO PUT THE ANTS IN THE REFRIGERRATOR FOR 10 MINUTES BEFORE PLACING THEM IN THE ANT FARM OR YOU WILL HAVE A DIFFICULT TIME CORRALLING THEM -LRB- THANKS TO NOT READING INSTRUCTIONS BY MY HONEY WHO WAS TOO EXCITED -RRB- BUT NONE OF THESE BIG ANTS BIT US AND WE HANDLED THEM PLENTY .
 I PURCHASED THE ANT FARM FOR MY NEPHEW FOR CHRISTMAS . EVERYONE IN THE FAMILY OF ALL AGES HAS GOTTEN INVOLVED . IT HAS SPARKED OUR IMAGINATION AND HAS MADE EDUCATION FUN !
 We ordered one in January . However , we just got the ants in late April . -LRB- The company does n't ship ants until the weather warms , plan accordingly -RRB- , When the ants finally arrived my 6 year old and 3 year old were so exicted . The ants got right to work and have tunneled all through the entire village . We love to watch them race through the tubes to get to the other village . My sons call this the ant highway . We have learned so much by watching them . They are truly hard workers . We learned some life lessons with the dead ones too . It 's amazing how the ants take care of their dead . Great educational toy and very entertaining .
 These are great , but they can be brittle , I have had escapees running around before . The common problem with ants dieing off so quick is because you need a queen ant to produce more ants as the others die off . Fortunately ants are very common in my area and i can go for a 5 minute walk and dig up a queen and a good sum of worker ants and just transport them to the ant farm . Its fun to come back day everyday and see what they have done , great value .
 I think that a Barbie doll case like the one above would be very useful and serve its purpose .
 Bien me gusto funciona al 1 0 0 % lo recomiendo y muy practic o ...
 I was able to get my hand inside to test this out , but adult use is not recommended as this is intended for children only , as it could cause injury . Using excessive force to remove a hand from the chamber poses a risk . If there is a problem getting a hand out it is advised to deflate first . The chamber cushions the wrists and hands of my children inside the pillow . This also comes with a small patch in case of puncture . The valves are easy to fasten and can be opened and released for deflating . This is made of 12-qauge vinyl with the logo on the top part of the Sock 'em Boppers.With either choice to inflate the Sock 'em Boppers you will need to avoid over inflating and should stop before filling it too tightly with air . When the hand has been inserted you just need to make a fist and this will keep the pillow secure in the hand of the child playing . It does not hurt when you are punched by the Sock 'em Boppers and let 's kids get rambunctious in a fun productive way . Caution children when playing not to hit near the face and eyes and to avoid sharp and hot objects when using the pillows . This is not a flotation device.The box also lists two games for kids to play , consisting of tight rope bop and one foot sock for alternative ideas . My two children are enjoying this freestyle play , plus my older son likes to take breaks from doing homework and can take out his frustrations in a fun and appealing manner.When using this outdoors take note of any hooks you might have on fences and stay in the middle of the yard . This would work well for boys and girls for parties and events at the park . The recommended age is from five to twelve . This is one of those As Seen on TV items that is worth purchasing , good for when kids are cooped up indoors when it is raining or snowing.We just picked up another box over the Thanksgiving weekend . Both my kids have autism and enjoy playing with the boppers . My ten year old easily pumped them both up . The only downside is where to store them .
 Im 13 and I still love Sock 'em Bopers . They are the funnest toys in the world .
 These toys are excellent for teaching lessons to children . My son wanted to challenge my decision to do chores around the house and I told him -LRB- 8 yrs old -RRB- that if you want to challenge my decisions that you can make a challenge of it . He chose the Sock 'em Boppers as his weapons of choice . We went into the back yard and he kept trying to throw low blows , so I finally decided to punch back . Two bops later her was knocked out cold in the back yard . He got up a few minutes later and then went and did his chores , the Sock 'em boppers had not damage to them . They were thoroughly durable . Since then I have been able to resolve other issues with them and him successfully . I highly recommend these as an educational tool for your children , much can be learned from a friendly whooping ! I am buying another set though as after a few months they are worn out . They are certainly worth the money .
 This is a great toy . the lady you dislocated her sons arm , is stupid ! Why would you continually yank at your sons arm , until it was out of the socket , is beyond belief . It everyone out there , this is a great toy , and like another review said , all you have to do it release the suction before removing your arm !! if you are an idiot then Sock 'em Boppers are not for you , if your not an idiot then buy this , your kids will be just fine !!!
 there are the coolest toy ever , especially for us teenagers who love and know how to box , and anyone that does n't like them either sucks at boxing , is stupid , or does n't like to fight .
 i wish i could have this toy but someone who cant even speak or type english correctly ruined it .
 these toys are so much fun , and the injuries are very minor . i have a sock 'em boppers tourey with my friends and we have only suffered 4 concussions from the fights in almost 5 weeks . the best part is when they pop and instead of punching them with an air filled fist , you actually hit them very hard . the next best part is when the seams break open and start hissing out air every time a blow is dealt . along with the minor injuries come broken noses , open head wounds , and even fractured ribs . so far , there has been 18 people who have gotten the wind knocked out of them . although these injuries sound severe , they are all worth it when you beat the crap out of your best friends , and they wake up a week later with no memory of it . i love them .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY SON ON CLEARANCE FOR 2.00 $ . IT WAS FUN.BUT WE HAD TROUBLE GETTING HIS HANDS OUT.WE TRIED EVERY THING . WE PULLED ON IT AND MY SON WAS SCREAMING LIKE I HAVE NEVER HEARD BEFOE.WE TOUGHT HE BROKE HIS ARM.WE WENT TO THE ER AND TURNED OUT HIS ARM WAS OUT OF SOCKET.SO THIS 2.00 $ TOY ENDED UP COSTING 600.00 $ FOR AN ER BILL .
 THIS IS THE COOLEST TOY EVER ! ME AND MY FRIENDS HAVE BEEN FIGHTING FOR YEARS AND NO ONE REALLY GETS HURT . I MEAN THE WORST THING THAT HAS EVER HAPPENED WAS WHEN I PUNCHED MY FRIENDS FACE AND HIS JAW POPPED OUT OF PLACE AND HIS EYE SOCKET SHATTERED . HE WAS FINE IN NO TIME AND BACK TO FIGHTING IN THE CLUB . BUT BESIDES THAT AND THE ACCIDENT WITH MY DADS LOWER REGION I MEAN NOTHING BAD HAS HAPPENED SINCE ME AND MY FRIENDS HAVE BEEN FIGHTING WITH SOCK 'EM BOPPERS . i RECOMEND THIS TOY FOR ANYONE WHO WANTS TO HAVE A FUN AND SAFE TIME .
 I wanted to weigh in on this toy . I have bought several pairs for my son -LRB- 9 now but 6 when I bought them -RRB- and my husband . They have boxing matches in the family room and my daughter cheers them on . The only way this toy could cause a childs arm to come out of the socket is if the PARENT yanks too hard on the toy trying to get it off of the childs hand . What happens is this . The toy is plastic and your hand is inside it . Your hand starts to sweat after awhile and the plastic will stick . If you do n't release the suction that is formed inside the cavity before trying to take it off , and you are STUPID enough to keep yanking until you dislocate your childs shoulder then do n't buy this toy . Everyone else will have a good time . The only downside is they do n't hold up forever and will get slow leaks . Then you just go buy another pair .
 i 'll start by saying that i am a very dedicated martial artist , as well as a boxer . my friends and i were looking for something to do the other day , and we got to thinking it might be fun if we had something that we could have scheduled on a regular basis , so we 'd always have something to do . we decided that we would start a kind of fight club , with scheduled fights about three times a week . there were three categories . `` hulk gloves '' boxing gloves , and finally , sockem boppers . i was surprised to see that now after we have several members , the most popular category is the sockem boppers . so popular in fact that we had to put a limit on how many can be in it on one night . the toy rarely breaks , and if it does , it is either easily patched , or even inexpensive to replace . it is a good , safe , fun way to expend extra energy , and at sixteen , that is something i have a lot of .
 The coolest toys ever !! I mean , you can beat on your friends and family and not hurt them ! Every time my friends come over , we fight for at least an hour . They can hurt , but only if you punch hard to the face . If they DO break , -LRB- Which has n't happened to me yet -RRB- it comes with a patch you can put on them and leave it alone overnight , and they 'll be fixed ! I highly recommend them , and I 'm 10 . I even fight with my dad !
 My cousin got these for christmas . Me and him are 14 now.At first , I thought it was a wacky gift for a 14 year old , but than he wanted me to fight him , and we had a blast!I went and bought my own and so we both had 2 on our hands . I still have mine . After a long time of fighting , the seams let loose a little , but , depending where it is , duct tape works just fine and it doesnt brake , becuase my cousins seam tore .
 I bought these for my 4 yr.old daughter who has an indispensible amount of energy ! We let her at it with my husband and it wore her out 30 min . later . They are really fun and they do n't hurt at all .
 I 'm in college , and my friends and I have so much fun with these ! One night about midnight when there was nothing to do we decided to go buy some of these and duke it out in one of Texas A&M University 's many fountains . We have n't regretted it ! These are definitely fun for more than just the 5-12 age group !
 These r the best fighting toys ever . Me and my cousins love it . all of us have two . The best thing is that no one ever gets hurt unless you punch too hard on the face . They do n't even break easily . I highly recommend this toy for all of those fighters out there .
 Me & my friends have so much fun w / these ! We started off w / just punching each other for real n then i rememebered that i hade these n then we had even more fun !! They dont hurt @ all , u may get a little dizzy if u get blind sided but other wise its the most safe fun a 15 year old can have !!!
 I bought them primarily to play with my 6 year old son who wants to play rough at times . These are much easier on me than regular boxing gloves or general rough-housing . The surprising thing is that my 3 year old daughter likes to play with them just as much as my son . When I arrive home from work , they frequently meet me at the door with the Boppers on and ready to go . Taking on two kids at once can be a bit of a workout , so that is an added benefit.This is a cheap toy . Do not expect a lifetime of use . They come with a patch kit . You 'll need to experiment with the inflation level to get it where you like it .
 I bought these for my nephew 's birthday . He loves them ! So do my niece and my own son !! They crack me up playing with these things all day ! It 's definitely a work out for them !
 I ordered these for a gift as I remember them as a kid and happened to see them on amazon . I ordered for about $ 24/pair and the next morning I saw them in a Toys R Us ad for $ 10/pair and on sale for 50 % off !! I felt a little ripped off and asked to have my order cancelled which they took care of right away for me and gave me a refund . Since it was gift I 'm not sure how durable they are but I gave 4 stars because my nephews sure had a blast with them !
 Amazon lists this as `` Sock 'Em Boppers '' , the ORIGINAL blow-up boxing gloves from the 90 's , but what you will get is `` Sock ` Er Boppers '' . NOT SOCKEM BOPPERS . The covers are exactly the same though . And it 's basically the same thing.The toys are fun . I bought them for my little nephews for Christmas 08 and I ended up using it most of the time and beating up my cousins with it . I followed the advice of many here and did n't inflate it all the way , which helped in the removal process . GET 2 if you can , it 's more fun that way.And also , I saw these exact `` Sock ` ER Boppers '' at Toys R Us for 13.99 , about 1 or 2 dollar difference than what I paid here . So if you want to save some dollars , you can just drive to your Toys R Us and they should have them there .
 This is a great toy to take out childhood frustration , and to just have fun . My only wish was that I should have gotten two sets instead of one .
 I just wanted to note that there is only one set per box . I bought one box for my 3 kids last Christmas . Needless to say , it was difficult to play with . They made due and shared . This year I 'll be buying more .
 THIS TOY IS THE ULTIMATE BOY TOY.MY LITTLE BROTHER ORDERED THESE AND LOVED THEM.YOU CAN LITTERALLY PUNCH SOMEONE AND IT WO N'T HURT A BIT.YOU JUST BLOW THEM UP AND THATS ALL.I EVEN SOMETIMES PLAY WITH THEM.THIS TOY IS FOR LITTLE AND BIG KIDS , UNLIKE SOME PRODUCTS.MY ADVICE TO YOU IS , BUY THIS TOY !!!
 These toys are awsome !! The best thing about these toys is that you can hit ur friend as hard as u want and the worst that happens is they get a few broken ribs , or a major concusion . But there are those times when there about to hit u but before they hit they pop and they acually hit u unbeliveably hard in the face , but no worries , most of those times u wake up in a hospital with no memory of it . But other than than these toys are awsom , i 'm almost 3 and these toys rock .
 My friends and I were looking for a good time and ended up at toys r us . We bought sockem boppers and proceeded to test them out . What followed was ths most gratifying experience
 Fun toy , well padded and durable . The whole family plays . It would be hard to get hurt with these . Have not lost air yet in the weeks we have been playing .
 I loved playing wiht this toy when I was young . I got these for Christmas and I did n't think I 'd like them . How wrong I was . I played this with my Mom for hours . After about 8 months though , they started to leak air . I was dissapointed . I loved them so much though , I asked my mom for a new pair . Those lasted a couple of years . Just do n't over-use this product though .
 we have had these for quite some time and after all thus time , we just now got a hole in one of them . Overall a wonderfully fun product .
 We bought these for my step children when they were 9 and 10 years old almost 6 years ago . They did n't play with them much because they did n't visit us often . Now that mine and my husband 's children are 3 and 5 yrs . they like to play with them a lot . I feel they are made really well to withstand a lot . But my step children recently visited , who are now teenagers , and my husband and stepson started playing really rowdy with them , and they popped all 4 of the boppers . I thought they were a great toy for the 3 and 5 year old . They ca n't do too much damage to the toy . These toys will not last an hour with older children and teenagers and their fathers LOL !! They are inexpensive to replace and worth the enjoyment and quality !
 It may not hurt as hard as a real fist but you should still be a little careful .
 We really like these toys . We bought 3 pairs and have fights with 6 hands flying wildly . I fought with my brother and my dad and almost knocked my brother 's tooth out . It was loose anyway . It is really fun to hit my brother and him not cry for once . He 's only 2 . Just kidding . He 's really six ! the worst part was when one exploded and scared the dog half to death .
 Alright , I 'm 16 and so are my friends . 16 year olds should not use these things . ` Nuff said . They will BREAK .
 the kid I gave it to loved it for sure . And the older kids were using it also . A big hit at Christmas .
 These were a huge hit ... there were fun matches between grade school age cousins and hilarious matches between Mom and daugher .
 This has been something we let our kids play with only outdoors because they tend to get a bit rowdy . Plus it 's nicer if they fall down to be on grass . They have a lot of fun with them .
 These were so much fun . They provided the kids with something to do at family gatherings . It keeps them busy and is not something that will hurt the children and are big enough even small children can play .
 I 've seen a lot of reviews done on this item -LRB- mostly done by children -RRB- , but I knew this was the Mini version of the original $ 200 one . This product is GREAT for little kids that are seven and under . I bought this product for my little relative 's sixth birthday and he was in LOVE with it -LRB- slept , walked around holding it , et cetera -RRB- . I bought this because I know he 's just six years old ... why would a little kid need an expensive toy ? We all know expensive toys and little kids just result to a broken toy and regretting purchasing such an expensive item . I say , it 's wonderful for very young kids ... as they can break it if they want to and you wo n't have to worry/have a major stress complex . : -RRB-
 My daughter wanted a remote controlled robot for her birthday , so we got her this one . I was expecting some actual remote-controlled features , but there are none . You can pose its arms , and when you turn it on its eyes light up and it walks forward . We were worried she 'd be disappointed , but she seems to like it just fine . She likes to try to get it to carry things across the table , and if you tear a little hole in a napkin and put it over the robot 's head it makes a great cape . My brother in law has a big robosapien , so that probably adds to why she thinks her little one is cool . It is pretty cool , it just does less than I thought it would .
 I bought this toy for my husband this year for Christmas because * every * time we went to the store and passed the ` Robosapien ' toys his eyes would light up and he 'd say -LRB- * every freakn ' time * -RRB- that he wanted to get one for his Secret Santa gift or for our son to put away when he 's older or for himself and every time his little diatribe would end with ` They 're sooo cool ! ' . Now then , keep in mind that he 's 24 yrs old and a technition , so this is right up his alley . Yes , all this toy does is walk -LRB- sorta -RRB- but when you 're on a very limited buget and ca n't afford the real V2 -LRB- $ 230 - $ 280 -RRB- this is just fantastic ! I definately do n't recommend it for snotty little children who do n't recognize the value and thoughtfullness in recieving things that are n't the ` real thing ' but for someone like my husband it does get the point across that I love him and want him to have fun . This toy does have it 's good qualities ... it does freak out our cat providing great entertainment and eventually our son will love playing with it .
 you can find this great toy for a deal down to 10 dolars . Its a great fun toy . I think it can trow things a distance too .
 its not gunna be like an android from star trek or anything . stupid idiots `` it only walks '' !!! well it was 10-15 bucks i meen come on dont be such an idiot . its not the best but it works
 this is a great.best one now and forever . ps why do you hate the mini robosapins
 I ordered an Only Hearts doll for my 11 year old daughter , who is n't ready for busty , `` sexy '' dolls . The Only Hearts dolls are well made , as are each of the 3 additional outfits I ordered , and each outfit is beautifully boxed and cotains a number of precious accessories and extras . Target used to sell these dolls and their clothes , but I turned to Amazon.com and their sellers to find the dolls and their outfits . I 'm pleased with all the Only Hearts products I purchased , and was especially pleased that this seller shipped my order immediately and we received in time to wrap it for Christmas . Thanks !
 I bought ten of these sets for my math classroom and SIX of the ten wooden boards have noticeable cracks where the wood was joined together to make the board . FOUR have cracks which you can see to the front , and ONE has a crack which extends more than halfway across . I 'm going to my local home improvement store to see what I can buy to fix the cracks so they do n't get worse . I like the sets , but I 'd hoped for , and needed , more durability ... after all , that 's why I bought wooden sets !
 I recently bought this chess set , and I love it ! The pieces are nicely hand carved , and although they are not HUGE , they are a decent size . The board is very nice , as it is treated and has a nice little shine to it . A great bargain if your looking for a new chess set to replace your old beat up one , and just terrific for begginers !!
 This wooden chess set is nice for the price . The pieces are nicely formed & the board is smooth . The one drawback we noticed is that there is no felt or gripping material on the bases of the chessmen , and they tend to slide . The board is a little smaller than I had anticipated .
 You can not beat the quality of this chess set for the price . I have paid more for chess sets that have boards made out of cardboard ! Every piece of this set is made from wood . The only thing that would make this set better is if it came with something to store the pieces in , course it would probably not be as great a value then . This is a good set for beginners and pros alike .
 This is an amazing deal . For a wooden chess board with wooden pieces , this is an excellent price . Although the wooden pieces ar n't really heavy and do n't have felt bottoms - this is an excellent deal for $ 9 . This fits perfectly on my desk and looks great . People are constantly telling me how nice it looks and amazed I would pay so much for it . The board is solid and very heavy - very nice . Enjoy !
 I was very pleased when I opened this wood chess set . It is all wood and it does n't have the crack in the center like many boards with the hinges . I hate those since the hinges frequently break and the crack is a nuisance when pushing pieces over to the enemy territory . This board is solid , not too large to be trouble storing and not too small , as a lot of them are today that look more like a tic-tac-toe board . Like Goldilocks and the Three Bears , this one is just right.The pieces look good and yes they do n't have felt bottoms , but I personally like them without the felt . It gives that chess piece sound when you move a piece , not silence as the felt ones do . To me , it seems extremely durable , I mean after all it is all wood , so unless you live with a gorilla , it should last . The cost ca n't be beat either ! I have seen a cardboard chess board and plastic pieces for almost as much as this one . A great buy and a great chess set !
 I was very pleased with the product . The pieces are plain and easy to recognize , which was what I was looking for to teach my grandson with . The wooden pieces and wooden board were well made and polished . All in all , this was far better than I expected for the price !
 People , it all depends on your standards . On a high quality wooden chess set what you want to look for is detail in the knights . It 's a telltale sign of the quality of a set . These knights are very blocky and crude , but enough to get the job done . You see , you ca n't just turn them out by the thousand on a lathe like you can the rest of the pieces . This one is a good solid buy for a $ ... wooden set , but it really pales in comparison to a really nice set like Drueke . Be prepared to spend over $ ... for a really nice wooden set .
 This is a good quality chess set for its price , but there is something about the company Pavilion that really bothers me . A few chess sets I 've seen by them has a picture showing the light-coloured square on the left hand side , but it 's supposed to be set up on the right hand side . I 'm not trying to bash Pavilion or anything , I just do n't want begginers and children to be confused about how the chessboard should be set up , as it is a very important factor of the game .
 My order arrived quickly and was not damaged in the the trip , which I was pleased about . All in all a good product it is exactly what I expected and I 'm and very happy with whole purchase .
 The set is great - although we had some trouble actually ordering it in time for a birthday . Fortunately , we were able to get it directly from the toy company that made it . Our 8 year old son LOVES it , as he is a big fan of Roswell aliens and space toys ! Very happy with the set ; good value , too . Recommended for the child who likes aliens and space - and is hard to find unique items for .
 When we received this item , it came direct from the warehouse in a plain brown box taped with a purple strip that said `` do not open . '' A little strange , but interesting ! We were worried that the toys would be the standard hard plastic commercialized action figures . But we were pleasantly surprised ! There are three posable figures -LRB- separately wrapped -RRB- , each with their own clothing . Little touches -LRB- like a wooden ray gun -RRB- make them unique and different from the stuff you find at Wal Mart . We 're sure our 7 year old son will love them on Christmas morning.Please be kind enough to indicate if reviews are helpful .
 Very fun and entertaining game!This 10 $ game kept the whole family and visitors -LRB- adults and children -RRB- totally fascinated during these holidays , all other gift forgotten ... Only bad point
 I really like these desk top distractions ! This one is no exception , move the magnets around and the pendulum will go who knows where !
 This toy is n't the most durable but it 's holding up so far . The pole that the swing pendulum is anchored on is made of cheap plastic , but it 's definitely fun to mess around with . I bought it for my fiance as a desk toy and he really likes playing with the magnets . I 'm a little afraid that the string on the pendulum might break but hey , it comes with instructions for fixing it so that 's helpful . I 'd recommend it for the price .
 To an apartment full of college students interested in chaotic motion , or to a budding physicist at science camp , this toy is just darn fun : -RRB-
 If you like magnets , you will love this game !!! It is neat and fun and very interesting to watch the magnets just work . They pull in such an interesting way !
 I have this on my office desk and love it . Nobody can sit down at my desk without playing with it .
 This thing is cool . Got it for my spouse who is a science teacher . She loved it . I love it . And our kids love it . Inexpensive , fun , addicting little toy . Makes a cool desk toy .
 I bought this for my husband as a fun gift for him to keep on his desk at work . He loves it ! We 've had fun rearranging the magnets to create different movement patterns and seeing how long we can keep the pendulum moving . It 's fascinating to watch the pendulum swing and move in crazy patterns . Even our 11 month old was fascinated by its movements.The toy itself seems well-made and built with decent materials , though it certainly would n't stand up to a lot of rough-housing . I am pleased with the quality for the price I paid for it .
 As the 9 included magnets both attract and repulse the swinging pendulum , the action is both jerky and fluid . The invisible fields act as an ethereal cushion as the pendulum never touches the magnets , but floats above them . Like a perpetual motion machine with no purpose , you can escape your duldrums as you stare at the swinging pendulum going on and on for minutes on end , getting bounced from one magnet to another . Comes with a book of games for the terminally bored . Make sure you keep this away from Television sets , CRT monitors , magnetic media and your CPU !
 We teach science as a linear action-reaction set of events , with the implicit idea that if we can know all of the details , we can predict any consequences . As 20th century physics demonstrated , it is theoretically impossible to know all of the details.We typically look at a system from the outside , where everything is averaged out , or else simplify a system so that it can be managed -LRB- take a perfectly round cow goes the old physics joke -RRB- , but if we need to look at the system itself , we are in a different realm . And , if we want to understand weather , global warming , nanotechnology , or genetic engineering , we are in the system itself.The seemingly randomness of this simple toy is the basis for understanding how the world really works -- and its chaotic behavior should be the basis for how we teach science .
 Mess around with magnetic fields with the ROMP - basically a magnet on a string swinging over other magnets . A simple concept , but you can do a lot with it . Unfortunately , perpetual motion is impossible , but you can really get this thing to move and keep moving for a long time . Plus you can set it up to have the magnet sticking off at a weird angle so people 's first impression is `` What IS that thing ? '' . If you like messing with magnets and want a cool thing to put on your shelf , get one of these .
 This simple and durable device is captivating in operation and lures children and adults alike to play with the magnets to get different patterns . It teaches the basics of magnetism and pendulums in one fun toy that had my 6 year old niece and several adults engaged in place of other more flashy and expensive toys . For the price , this is a real winner .
 It did n't work well at first until I realized my error
 The Hog Wild ROMP is so much fun . Watching the random movements of the pendulum is very stimulating . I love to change the positions of the magnets and try different polarities . The base is solidly constructed , and the magnets are robust . The mounted arm is a plastic material , -LRB- I wish this was metal , but it should last as long as you are careful -RRB- . The pendulum is plastic too , but this is OK because it needs to be light enough to move around . I also find that the plastic pendulum will flex a little , which is fun when playing with the attractive nature of the magnets . Overall , this is a great gift for anyone .
 Chaos is a tricky concept , but the ROMP does a great job of demonstrating it!The small magnets on the base-plate can be oriented + or - , and moved around without any trouble . The brushed steel surface of the plate makes movement easy , with no marring or scratching ; radial distance guides make patterning and symmetry easier , too!Have fun experimenting with various arrangements of magnets , and learn the differences between stable and unstable equillibria . This is a good tool for educators , from differential equations , to chaos theory , even to simpler calculus and algebra . Careful , you may find yourself channeling Jeff Goldblum a-la Jurassic Park.The pendulum itself is fairly durable , though being made out of thin plastic , it is NOT shatter resistant . The string between pendulum and holding arm is also - very - slim and no replacements come in-box . While the toy is certainly `` appropriate '' for ages 8 and up , the fragile parts and powerful choking-hazard magnets make this fun trinket one to be enjoyed with adult supervision.All in all
 Cool Devo collectable toys . More for display than for play . Rock 'n' Roll toys are rare but it seems a natural fit for Devo . Energy Domes are not sized proportionately to fit figures for some reason .
 I purchased this hummer at target for my son . He loves it . He was a little disappointed that the initial battery charge took eight hours . The battery life says it lasts for only fifteen minutes but seems to last a bit longer . It starts slowing down after the first twenty minutes and then it 's back to the charger for another four hours before my son can play with it again . On the plus side , LOVE the fact it has a rechargeable battery pack ! The truck seems quite durable and we have n't had any problems . I have two sons who are n't exactly the gentlest with their toys .
 My 4 yr old has a hard time with the controls but we expected that . Controls work well and it goes pretty fast .
 I was skeptical of this truck , as most cheap RC cars are junk . This one had pretty good range , steering , and speed , and my son is happy with it .
 Ahh , Wabbit Wampage . Think Buggs Bunny and Elmer Fudd on a farm and you 're pretty much there . This game is a lot of fun . I think that it 's been out of print for a while , now . But if you manage to get your hands on a copy , you wo n't regret it.There are 12 turns to a game . Each turn represents one month . Players consistently score points by `` whomping '' other players . In addition , each season allows players to score additional points . In Spring you plant carrots . In summer you harvest carrots . In fall ... Wabbit season ! And in winter , the wabbits get their wevenge . Bonus points for destroying Farmer Brown 's buildings ! And all this time , players can send away for ACME mail order stuff -LRB- including jet packs and H-bombs ! -RRB- , enlist the aid of local critters like , `` the Duck '' , `` the Bear '' some chipmunks or the big harry monster.All-in-all , it 's a blast to play . My only gripe is that it advertises a 2-hour game . Most of my games have taken longer . But definately less than 3 hours . Fewer players generally means a shorter game , though . Ahhh ... I feel like shooting a tractor , right now . ; -RRB-
 The picture is great , there 's a nice mixture of straightforward sections -LRB- fairies , grass , water -RRB- and challenging sections -LRB- tree , sky , waterfalls -RRB- . The pieces fit together quite nicely . Unfortunately , there was a piece missing .
 I enjoyed working on this puzzle . It is a bit challanging due to being 1500 pieces and so many brown/tree parts . Finally finished after a week and a half and discovered that one piece is missing . Have contacted the manufacturer to see if I can get a replacement piece .
 When I looked at the picture online it looked like a cute picture of fairies and other little creatures but if you look closely the `` fairies '' are shirtless little girls all covering their chests and they do n't look like drawings . The quality of the puzzle is great and it was fun to put together but I -LRB- and my aunt -RRB- found the actual picture just a little pervy . Had I looked closer at it I would n't have bought it . I would have given it 4 and 1/2 stars had it been an option because it was my own fault for not looking at it closer .
 I got this doll for my daughter to take to bed with her . She loves it . You press on the stomach and the wings light up for 5 minutes . The price at this store is high . I got mine at toys r us for $ 17.99 - so shop around ... It 's very cute & they have several different styles .
 Our granddaughter is facinated with frogs . This is the only one we could find that was age friendly and would have the frog sound .
 I 'm very pleased with this vendor . I was a little sceptical because I did n't see and previous reviews for them but the product came within the espected time frame given . It was a quality product at a VERY inexpensive price . I will definitely purchase from them again .
 I bought this Plush Gorilla and her adorable baby to go with one with the male Gorilla from the same company . They are gifts for a friends son who wants to become a zoologist like Diane Fossey of `` Gorillas in the Mist '' fame . The Plush gorillas are quite large and extremely well made . They are also very much loved now because they have gone to a good home . They are a very beautiful and authentic looking toy
 The sales lady at Wal Mart laughed at me when I asked if they had it . Well , I got it here . It is just what my daughter wanted . She loves it .
 I gave this to my aunt as a gift b/c she loves Care Bears so much . She was more than happy ! This is a wonderful collectible item .
 You cant go wrong with the care bears at least from my experience with my niece , not only did she love the plush doll of theres she gets to learn some good values from the included dvd that instills good values and traits to a young forming mind in a format they can understand .
 I personally have n't seen the toy since I sent it as a gift to my niece and I ordered it from France to have it sent to her where she resides in the States . In any case , she adores it and has it with her at all times .
 We brought this bear at the sale price over the holidays ... My step daughter loves it ... the DVD was classic and the bear it self was very well made ... we are happy with our purchase and its a shame we did n't grab more when we had the chance !! It really is a cute looking bear .
 Great gift for kids who like the care bears in general or also for collectors or people like me who grew up with their movies and cartoons . I have n't seen the episode that comes with the bear , but since it 's the first one I bet that it 's also a DVD must for any collector . The bear is really soft and huggable like the pic shown of it . It has a lot of detail for the swarovski crystal eyes and the silver nose as well as the silver heart in the back wich look real pretty.Maybe I have n't bought any toys in a really long time , but something that I liked was that in the packaging they do n't damage in any way the plush bear because it has special little ribbon-like attachments were the wires go that hold up the bear in the box perfectly so you do n't have any marks on it.Overall I loved it !
 Well , I thought my friend would like it for her baby . Guess what ? she never gave it her . I kept wondering why and she told me its too cute to take it out of packing and give it to a baby . Funny , but I think it really is a cute buy .
 This bear is a must-have for your Care Bear collection , I have two of these plushies , but mine are Carlton Cards store exclusives that sold out fast . They come in two sizes - regular and large . I recommend getting those instead of this one . As far as I know , they are identical to this Play-by-play version besides the tags and silkier fur . -LRB- Photos added . -RRB- Not only are these bears light , fluffy , and velvety smooth , but they also have eye crystals.I Have n't watched the DVD yet either , but I remember the Care Bears from when I was a toddler and I loved them then.This is the first collectable bear in the series.A gold version was made by Play By Play a year later and there is a pink version of Love a Lot bear . Bedtime , Funshine , Cheer , and Share were also made into crystal boxed versions .
 I was quite impressed with this item , when I could n't find it anywhere I could find it at AMAZON - and the price compared to where I had seen it previously was much better !
 Bought this toy as a Christmas gift for my niece . When we first opened it , my wife fell in love with it . She loved the sparkling crystal eyes . When my niece opened it she was excited over it and was instantaneous sleeping bear buddy.I highly recommend this for anyone who loves plush toys .
 I really love care bears as do my two adult daughters . Since they collected them growing up , I bought each the anniversary bear for christmas . They were delighted .
 My 16 month old daughter is in love with this bear . She has to sleep with it every night and cuddles with it throughout the day . The DVD is awesome , To bad we did n't have that one when we were kids . My 4 year old son even enjoys watching it with his sister .
 I bought this for my daughter for her collection . She was so suprised when she opened it up on Christmas day . I could n't have thought of a better gift . Thanks to Amazon for have such a great deal on this . I ended up buying 3 one for my daugher , one for my neice and one for my friends daugher . They all loeved it !!!
 This package contains the 25th anniversary carebear and the very first care bear episode from the 1980 's , on DVD . I bought this as a Christmas present for my three year old cousin and he loved it . This toy is a great idea for kids 3 years and older .
 I saw these at a huge discount price and bought 3 ... one for me , one for my daughter , and one for the little girl I babysit . We opened the one for my daughter and watched the episode and it was quite nostalgic . She paid attention for a little bit but then lost interest . But she loved the bear ... for a little bit . lol . Honestly , it 's more for me . I love the bear , I love the dvd . I would n't have paid the reg price to give it to my 15 month old daughter . but I might have just to keep it in the box as a collectors item . The bear is cuddly soft though . and my daughter likes to snuggle with it . But her favorite is the glowing cheer bear .
 My 6 year old loves this bear . It 's super soft and very huggable . It sheds quite a bit , but my son does n't seem to care . He is not scented like the other soft floppy Care Bears and my son seemed surprised when he first discovered that . Overall , a very well constructed stuffed animal !
 We have n't watched the video yet , so I 'm not able to comment on that . However , the bear itself is soo soft and cuddly . And the silver and crystals they used really made this bear look classy .
 This is a great Care Bear . I 've been a Care Bear for awhile , -LRB- I 'm 28 -RRB- . This was too cute and too great of a deal to pass up . I purchased the bear when it was 12.99 . I also picked up the pink version of this bear at Toys R Us . That way I have the set of them . The bear is very soft and cuddly . So it is great for your child . The dvd of course is great . The dvd will make new fans out of your children and bring back some memories for you .
 I saw this at walmart for $ 20 . I was done xmas shopping for the girls on my list and was thinking about what I could return to replace this for someone on my list . Now it is $ 12 , and I ordered it for myself , and i 'm 28 . Trust me it 's that cute .
 Great Care Bear ... Very cute ... neice luvs it . Also happy with BananaToys great service ... tyvm
 25th Anniversary Bear is a really beautiful Care Bear . This bear is worthy of the 25th anniversary of the Care Bears because it has special crystal eyes , a spangling silver nose , and silver embroidery . As a child , I really liked the Care Bears because each bear had unique looks and personalities . Amazon is selling this bear at $ 19.99 , which is about the same price as Walmart is selling it . Plus , at this moment , Amazon will ship this bear for free , with a purchase of over $ 25.00 . Any child who grew up during the 80s will find this bear is well designed and might make the perfect bear for their own child -LRB- ren -RRB- .
 On the one hand , this one is a `` designer '' teddy bear , complete with Swarovski eyes , nose , silver heart and silver banner ; on the other hand , it 's the softest bear you 'd ever lay your hands on if the recipient allowed it . I was curious about the hour-long video about the history of the Care Bears as well as the cartoon that has been rediscovered and restored for the first time in several decades . But my 3-year-old grand-daughter had other things in mind than watching historical , or history-making , movies . This Care Bear proved the right companion to get her to bed and end her pestering us for more presents . In short , this aristocratic but convivial Barney might be just as appropriate for a bear-deprived , discerning and appreciative adult as a child . It would probably even make a bear-lover out of Stephen Colbert . Now I 'm wishing I 'd secretly bought this classy if not classic bear for myself and purchased the less expensive purple Care Bear for my grand-daughter who , none the wiser , would have been none the less content .
 i actually bought this for the dvd alone . the stuffed bear was just a bonus . when i was little i used to watch a copy of this on vhs . it was one of my favorite cartoons and ive always liked it . now that i have kids i wanted to share with them the things i enjoyed as a child . and this went over well with them . they loved it ! and it was just as good as i remembered . next up strawberry shortcake ! -LRB- the original 80 's version not the new one ! -RRB-
 My daughter loves this bear , and watched the included DVD more than once . Amazingly enough , even being white , it does n't need to be cleaned any more often than the regular bears .
 I bought this for my 3yr old daughter for Christmas & she LOVES it ! The bear is well made & very soft & snuggly . And she loves the crystals in the eyes . The dvd is the original episode , and even though it 's old animation she LOVES it - we 've watched it repeatedly !
 Seller sent me an email to make sure I understood exactly what was included with the product . I believe it was a very good deal for me and I received exactly what was advertised . I also received it a few days before the estimated arrival date . I would recommend this seller .
 I bought this for my daughter in 2007 and she absolutely loved it ! She did n't watch the DVD very much but the bear itself she LOVES ! She still carries it around with her just about everywhere , matter of fact she 's asleep with it now ! :-RRB- I 'm not sure what the material is they used for the fur but it 's apparently very durable and has held up really well . It 's been washed -LRB- and air-dried -RRB- I could n't tell you how many times and every time comes out looking brand new . I 'm thinking of buying another one to actually save as a collectible .
 I bought this for my granddaughter . Her parents did not want to open it . They wanted it as a collector item . However , I did not buy it for them . So , I opened it and gave it to my granddaughter who loves Care Bears . Now it is one of her favorite Care Bears . This was a great gift , and not just for collecting .
 I bought this as a Christmas present . The price on Amazon was the best I could find anywhere else . The box is attractive , showing off the bear and the bonus DVD . The bear looks adorable , with gemstone eyes and a sparkling nose . I ca n't comment too much more than that , because the person I bought this for decided not to open it but keep it in a box instead .
 Tenderheart is an adorable character and the material is beyond soft . This is a beautiful bear.The crystal eyes and silver nose are lovely appointments making this one very special teddy.I got it here for $ 7.99 + $ 6.99 shipping .
 Very pretty and different than previous bears . Plus , my daughter loves when they come with a DVD .
 I purchased these for my toy chihuahua to play with and she loves them . The bell inside is the best part . She loves to hear it jingle .
 This toy is great fun ~ my granddaughter loved it ! Unfortunately , it only comes with one `` egg '' to hatch and the toy does n't really do anything else so replacement eggs must be bought and I have had a hard time finding them .
 I saw this in the store and want it for my birthday I LOVE suprises ! this would be like so cool ! Who knows what is just hiding away in that egg!A kitty , doggie , bunny , or even a lion ! I want it sooooooooooooo bad !
 This bug box lasted my daughter for 4 years . She used it heavily when we camped . She collected everything from the tiniest ant to frogs and toads and put them in there . She loved this toy . It just recently cracked and I plan on buying another one . I have not seen anything on the market that is as sturdy or multi-purpose .
 Car runs and works great but I was really disappointed that we were n't shipped the black one that was in the picture . It came in an orange w / a little black on bottom , but was not what was shown on the web.Helpful hint
 My 5 year old has really enjoyed this car so far . Battery life is pretty good . It is fragile though , he managed to break the white piece off the steering control on the car and he barely touched it , was just turning it . Over all he enjoys it but you need to be very careful !
 I got this for my father for christmas and he loved it . thank you
 Ty should restart production . My dog has had a bunch of these for years and loves them like her babies .
 Ca n't say enough about how awesome this set is ! If it were n't for the steep price tag on it right now , i 'd easily buy this set 10 times over , or more!I just love the crystals , snowflake , gems , ice skates , and the snowy ` rock ' pieces . Pretty much every piece in this set is awesome!I like to take the blue snowflake skirt from the princess in theLEGO Belville Fairytales - Winter Royal Stables -LRB- 7581 -RRB- , and put it on my Snow Queen , and tape the horse 's wings onto her , to turn her into a regular little Snow Angel . = DThe Hans Christian Andersen theme was just way too short lived , and in my opinion , one of the best Belville Themes ever created ! -LRB- The box is also designed with a front flap you lift to see a brief picture story for which the set was inspired . -RRB-
 I bought it for my families Church picnic and it was a hit . Very nice , strong , durable and the ball is the best volleyball I 've ever used . ;--RRB- I 'm very pleased . I 'd like to add that the shiiping was quick ! I expected it later than when I got it . thanks a bunch !!
 If you or your kid love Frog & Toad -LRB- as my daughter and I do ! -RRB- then these are a must-have . Go with the big ones over the small ones . You wo n't be disappointed .
 This plush frog is just as charming as his namesake in the stories . He brings a smile to faces in our family every day .
 This was for my son , and the kit was in great shape and a lot cheaper than buying it anywhere else . Received it in a timely manner with no problems with the packaging . Will order again .
 I am very satisfied with this product . I have a 20 month old that loves these crayons and they are easy to clean up . When I ordered them they were out of stock of the 24 ct and I was given the 30 count for the same price .
 got these for my grandsons first christmas , and he loves them , they fit perfect in his little hands . My kids had them when they were little , they were a different brand but the concept is the same , great for any child !!!
 these crayons are awesome . i loved them as a kid and i bought them for a kid . she loves them .
 I do n't know why so many people gave this phone a negative review . My 4yr old loves it . She gets so excited to hear her name , friends , family and pet 's name . She loves playing with it . If you little one likes pretend play and loves including family and friend 's name in her make believe this is a great toy . The phone will actually call you through out the day and leave messages . So cute . Glad I did n't listen to the reviews and bought this one .
 I bought this product for my niece for Christmas . So far , she has absolutely loved it . She already had all kinds of Barbie toys including Barbie dolls , Barbie doll houses , and a Barbie electric car that she drives around . However , my sister told me that my niece has enjoyed this one the most out of all of them b/c she interacts with this toy . Quality of product is excellent . However , from what I have been told by my sister and brother-in-law , the set up of this product is a little difficult with the computer . But , after getting everything set up , they informed me that it was pretty amazing at all the things this product can do to entertain a 5 year old child .
 This phone is expensive and does n't give many options on programmable favorites , hobbies , etc. as other reviewers have stated . Personally , I was not very impressed with it , but my 4 year old daughter LOVES this phone and is so impressed that it knows her friends and brothers names . She has had hers since Christmas and it works perfectly . It does call her just like it should . It sounds just like a real phone ringing so it sometimes confuses family members -LRB- thinking the real phone is ringing -RRB- . I think this toy would be most appropriate for a 2-5 year old . I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it has such limited options when it comes to programming it .
 These are essential if you are using RPM -LRB- with Traxxas CVD 's -RRB- because it is much more flaxible than stock a-arms . They work great and keep the dogbone from popping out of the drivecup .
 The seller shipped this item in a timely manner , it arrived as promised and as advertised . Pleasure doing buisness with you . My son was thrilled with the purchase . Thank you ...
 This was a gift fo my husband . He has this size of helmets for all of the teams . I guess that they change their helmets from time to time so he needed a new one for the Bills . He loved it and was very happy . It came in a timely manner and was in perfect condition . Amazon had the best price for it too .
 Special gift of sons love for Broncos . He is 35 years of age and he jumped for joy . Great gift
 Did a lot of searching for these helmets for my grandsons . These were the same quality for half the price . Arrived two days earlier than expected . Highly recommend .
 I just purchased three of the mini helmets by Riddell for my family for Christmas , Cowboys for my sister , Patriots for my daughter and Broncos ... well , for me . I inspected all three helmets when they got here and they were all three perfect and the decals were firmly in place . For my family , anyway , they will end up on display with the rest of our fan collectibles . While researching these helmets I saw many that were this mini helmet that had been signed by several different players going for $ 90 to $ 150 dollars . There were two helmets -LRB- a throw back and this one -RRB- signed by John Elway going for well over $ 250.00 . I think I would buy a regulation helmet though if I were spending that kind of money . Great Helmets here !!!
 Great product , high quality mini-helmet . Great for fans and fits perfectly on my computer desk !
 I ordered this kit for my daughter as a Christmas gift . She has not opened it yet , so I will update as necessary . The kit arrives well packaged and in a timely manner
 Bought as Christmas gift for 5-year old daughter . She LOVES it and works away a little at a time . The printed plastic canvas is easy to see and follow . Seems to be plenty of yarn . A great size and pattern for a beginning needlecraft project . We lost the first plastic needle the first day -LRB- may be nice if they included a spare ! -RRB- , but bought a replacement at craft store . Very highly recommend this little craft kit !
 My granddaughter who will be 11 years old will enjoy this needlepoint kit . She just received it yesterday so will see .
 This product is great for younger kids to do , but some may get impatient and not like it . Do n't get for kids that do n't like to do crafts !
 I bought this for my 7 year old granddaughter for Christmas . She has wanted to start doing needle work like her mom and I do and she loves butterflies , so this is the perfect gift for her . It has easy to follow directions and is small enough not to be overwhelming to a beginner but not so small as to be a disappointment as a finished project .
 I have 5 grand daughters of varying ages and I brought 2 butterfly needlepoint for 2 birthdays . These were fantasic its has got them interested in sewing as well . So now when they come to visit I always have something for them to do . Thanks Alex Toys
 My daughter loves crafts and is 6 . Finding this was worth it , because its a project she likes to work on and then when gets sick of it will put it down to save to do another time . As this item is very simple and fast for myself to do , it is great for teaching my 6 year old and is n't too easy for her little hands so it has a little challenge .
 The item is recommended for 6 + , and I gave this to an 8yo and 11yo . They both were able to work on it by themselves , and enjoyed it immensely . I would probably not give it to any younger kids , unless they have had experience with this sort of thing . Definitely recommend it . Gives them something to DO , not just watch .
 This was a great craft . My niece loves it . She is learning needlepoint . It is a great starter for kids .
 Grandaughter loved it ! This was a great item to help keep children away from so much TV . She 's very crafty and this gift was something that kept her focused -- will order an item of this type again and have recommended it to friend .
 MY GRANDDAUGHTER WAS PLEASED WITH THE NEEDLE POINT KIT . SHE COULD HARDLY WAIT TO GET IT HOME AND WORK ON IT ...
 My 5 yr old granddaughter enjoys all arts and crafts . I thought this would give her experience to sew and to make creative things .
 My granddaughter loved the kit . Start working on it right away . She is 6 years old and loves to do craft projects . I would recommend buy it .
 Item was for my daughters , I had purchased two of them . Both came with more than enough yarn and was easy for them to do alone because the colors you needed to stitch was painted on the plastic canvas itself . very good for children who like crafts . also its very cute .
 Excellent purchase for a 5 or 6 year old . The product is high quality , although we ran out of the white background color of yarn . Instead of asking the company for more , we went to the local craft store and bought Red Heart brand off white yarn . It matched perfectly . The paint on the canvas is durable and does not flake off like I have seen it do on other brands . All in all , wonderful .
 When I got this for my 5.5 year old I was n't she was like it . She loved the idea of creating something and enjoyed the one on one time it required for her to master the skill . She is looking forward to finishing it and hanging it up with the rest of her art work .
 This is a great starter needlepoint activity with a plastic needle , so one does n't have to worry about little fingers getting hurt . My daughter loves this activity .
 My grandaughter loved it !!! Gave it as a Christmas gift . Of all the gifts she received this was the best , for the money I spent I wish all the gifts could have been like this one ! She has had so much fun and enjoyment from this gift , will buy more of the same kind of craft .
 This is for 5 + so I ca n't complain , but it was very difficult for her and she is pretty smart and has good -LRB- not extraordinary -RRB- fine motor skills . Hopefully she will grow into it . The quality was very good .
 My daughter loved it ! Perfect rainy day project or even a long car ride , which is what she did when we traveled to visit cousins . It kept her busy and entertained !
 I got this as a present for a 4 year old girl . She loved it and ! her parents were happy as well . Surely , I would recommend this a s a present for a child .
 My daughter wanted to do needlework after seeing some that I had done a few years ago . It is hard to find needlework kits made for younger children . This needlework kit by Alex is a great fit . My daughter is five and is enjoying the challenge of doing this project . This takes a LONG time . I have supervised her work for two hours and she likely has another hour or more of work . I would imagine that this project would take far less time with an older child.Also , since this takes a bit of coordination , the activity takes quite a bit of supervision to make sure the child does n't get off track.Overall , I am very pleased with finding this kit . I think most children would become bored with the project , but for those like my daughter who like a challenge , this will be a perfect fit .
 These acrobatic figures were the chosen ones when purchasing something funny and different ! They 're even better when purchased in pairs of twos . You can put them to fight , climb each other to reach the top , or just cling together as one strong looking Angel ! Excellent choice for those who love gadgets from another planet ! I call them Angels because they keep one busy with their acrobatic gestures and movements and they relax your mind when one needs to unwind !
 I ordered 4 of these . -LRB- One in each color -RRB- from hogwild toys . They were stocking stuffers for my 4 kids . However , after recieving them I couldnt help but open them up and tinker with them . I love magnetic toys.I was really disappointed in how hard they are to pose into different positions . The joints are really stiff and need a good bit of force and wiggling . Also , 2 of the magnets -LRB- one in a foot of one and one in a hand of another -RRB- have been inserted backwards because they repell instead of attract . Even so the hands will still stick together just at the sides instead.Other than that , these toys are pretty cool . I added some pics of my play time with them on my filing cabinet as they were doing some acrobotic rock climbing , haha!UPDATE
 It 's fun and will keep a child entertained for a while but then that 's it . Smaller than anticipated . Expensive shipping costs .
 Simply a must have for any work cubicle . I only wish Amazon had an image option under reviews so I could show off my awesome Acrobots action shots .
 These little guys are a lot of fun to pose and great photography fodder . They are not really for ` active play ' as much as they are for setting up into new and interesting poses . Buy at least 2 of them to get started . This was my third and I 'll probably buy more of them for more elaborate photo setups . They usually require a metallic surface to stand upright , but some balancing can be done to get them to stand on their own . Having magnetic hands makes it fun to have them hold objects like screws , nails , paper clips , to look like miniature swords , bows , instruments , or whatever your imagination wants . The clear acrylic heads are a great touch too . Great toy , but definitely for older kids -LRB- 8 + -RRB- because if they are repeatedly bent not at the joints they can probably break due to stress fractures as the metal used to construct them is relatively soft .
 I have three Acrobots already on my desk at work , and I 'd actually like to get a few more . They are currently trying to get from the metal base to the top of the lamp , but they ca n't quite reach . All in all , I find them highly amusing as a desk toy , and I get a lot of people who come in to my office tinkering with them and reposing them . Not sure how good they would be for kids , but for adults who just want a little something to make them smile at work , I find them to be just perfect .
 My 4-year-old nephew requested a drum set for Christmas and I did n't want to buy him something that `` just made noise '' but a musical instrument that could grow with him . I hesitated before spending this amount of money on an instrument that he might not want to learn , but when I passed up the opportunity to get it for Christmas and he seemed disappointed I decided to purchase it for his birthday . When we unpacked the instrument we truly began to realize what a terrific value this drum set is for the amount of money that we paid for it . We received 5 drums , 2 cymbals , a stool , and drumsticks - the set was beautiful and clearly good quality . The birthday guests were all very impressed by the professional look - a family member with professional experience in music `` confirmed '' that this is indeed a quality musical instrument rather than just a good looking toy . It was good that we had this family member around - the drums needed to be tuned and positioned correctly and we , as non-drummers , were fairly off in our set-up . However , the seller had provided us with clear instructions and offers of assistance that made us right enough that our nephew never would have known our errors in any case . Most importantly , our nephew was clearly thrilled with the gift - he played the rest of the afternoon only stopping long enough to let his younger brother take a very brief nap . When he heard his brother wake up , he RAN back to the drums to play again . He says that he is a rock star now and I 'm not sure if he sounds like one , but he sure does look like one with his awesome drum set !
 Got this for my 11 year old son and it has been a perfect fit ! Great bargain for a whole ` real ' drum set but scaled down just right for a pre-teen . I highly recommend as a very economical choice for any 10-12 year old child who is at least somewhat serious about drumming .
 I wondered what type of quality I would be getting for this low price.I was extremely surprised at the sound and quality of the set.My son is really pleased that after assembly , he could start practicing right away and not have the set sound tinny and cheap .5 star recommendation !
 Overall these are a pretty solid . The hardware and cymbals are pretty low quality , but for the price it is nice . It arrived in perfect condition and it is a really sharp looking little set . As a life long drummer it was easy for me to set up , but I can easily see how someone with no knowledge of this stuff would struggle . It took me about 45 minutes to get it all together . Not much more , and I took my time . Of course I knew where everything went . I 'd think a person that did n't know anything about this would probably take a couple of hours . The directions are really poor . Common sense should be enough though.Getting an all inclusive set for around $ -LSB- ... -RSB- shipped is a real bargain though . I debated just getting a normal sized set for my 4 year old , knowing he could grow into it , but that would have cost me at least $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for anything even remotely decent - that included everything -LRB- cymbals , sticks , throne . -RRB- I looked around for months - shopping , comparing , shopping more , and this was by far the best for the money . The 1st Act stuff is pretty junky in my opinion . This was n't as great as I had expected , but again for the money you ca n't go wrong . It 's small , so they wo n't use it for a ton of years . The good part of that is they will be less likely to wreck it . I think I could sell it now for more than I paid for it locally . I know that when I do eventually sell it I will not lose much of anything on it . It does seem durable enough for my 4 year old , though.Really , if you are hesitant , do n't be . I am as frugal of a shopper as you will find and always work hard for the best deal . I found one here , and you can to . I bought the black . Really , really sharp !
 Drum kit arrived today . Opened and inspected all parts - happily everything was in order.I hour later the kit is set up and ready for our son to start playing.Some reviews have noted that is was difficult to set up and this is not the case . Everything is well packaged and putting it together was pretty straight forward so you really ca n't go wrong.Quality of the hardware is excellent so it should last a long time.Shipping was fast and communication from seller was excellent .
 I was impressed by all the positive feedback this product received , so my wife and I thought it would be a good idea to get it for our two year old . He LOVES it . The drums themselves are very professional looking , and they look great next to my personal drum set . The floor tom and bass drum were easy to put together , and they sound great . I look forward to having our son grow into this set . I would highly recommend this set to anyone .
 I originally bought a `` bargain '' from another store and was disappointed by the size and quality . It was a plastic toy that cost $ 100 and it arrived damaged . Then I contacted Vintage . I purchased the GP55 Child Size Junior Drum Set . This is a nice size drum set
 Bought this for my 4 year old and he went nuts when he saw it . Overall , the quality of this drum kit is very , very good ... especially for around $ 200 . You ca n't beat it . As some others have said , the instructions could be better . The picture on the instructions does n't even show the right picture.The finish is very good and the sounds is good.This is nit-picking , but the kick drum sound could be improved . I play bass guitar and have been in bands for nearly 20 years . It sounds like a large floor tom instead of a kick drum . But hey , like I said , for the price I ca n't complain . I plan on putting a couple pieces of tape on a couple of the heads to deaden the sound a bit.You certainly wo n't find anything better than this for the price .
 I have been playing drums for 25 years . i bought this kit for my 14 month old son , who developed a quick interest in playing my drums . this is a nice little beginner kit . easy to set up , however i have knowledge in this area . i threw away the instructions as i have a lot of experience setting up drums ... if you have a friend who is a drummer , do yourself a favor and enlist their help . but it shouldnt be that hard for someone unfamiliar with drums . the drums themselves are very nice for a kids set , and sound great . the cymbals are cheap , but adequate . the hardware is fairly sturdy . my only complaint is the kick drum pedal . super cheap , and terrible action . im also not a fan of the snare wires , but my son could care less . he spends a lot of time banging away on this thing and i think , with some minor upgrades in the future , he 'll have this kit for several years to come .
 Hours of fun and good music had by all . Would recommend someone who knows about drums to put set together . Only complaint got drum sticks from company along with drums and they paint coms off when my son plays . Maybe he is hitting to hard but the drums already look stained up .
 Our son was so excited to get a drum set . My husband and I chose this one as it came with everything ; drums , cymbals , stool . It was easy to put together and tune . The cymbals are cheap , but good enough to start with . I am very pleased with the quality and what we got for the price .
 I bought this set for my son . I have to say , overall , the hardware was better than I expected . The set was easy to assemble . The bass drum hoops was a little oval shape but it was easy to fix . I have no regrets on this purchase .
 Very nice drum set . I am very impressed with the sound quality . the draw back is the instructions ... very difficult to put together .
 I was looking for drums for my 6 year old for over half a year and finally decided on these . It has been over 6 months and they are still in great shape after three of my boys continually abuse the drums . My son is starting to pick up rhythm . and I am happy of the investment .
 Christmas gift for our 4 year old son . Surprised at the quality of this set . Nothing bad to say about this set . The hardware is of good quality , drum heads seem durable , cymbals are not the biggest in the world but the effect is fine . I would have to say this is an excellent starter set .
 Received this drum kit way before the estimated 7-10 delivery date ! Neat little starter kit for a child , price was right . Some of the hardware is a little chinky , but you get what you pay for . Overall not a bad product , worth the price .
 I bought this as a gift for my 4 year old grandson . And boy , does he use it ! He loves to play along with music . He has been enjoying it for hours at a time . If it can stand up to a 4 year old - it can really stand up .
 Bought the GP55 Child Size Junior Drum set based off the reviews on Amazon ... . The drumb set is great , my 5 year old boy is having a blast with them . My wife and I even get on them sometimes and have fun trying to put some beats together.We are not musicians but my son had been asking for a set of drums for some time , we did not want to spend money on something that would fall apart after playing them but could n't justify paying a huge amount of money for something that was going to be a toy for my son . This drum set has lived up to all the reviews . They are tough , well quality built and a great starter set for kids.Note
 I bought this drum set for my sons birthday , he turned 5 but every kid enjoyed it ! Its perfect size but good quality . It 's a great price for such an amazing item . My 11 yr old son even enjoys playing with these .
 I bought this for my daughter as a 5th birthday present on a recommendation from a friend and was BLOWN AWAY by the quality of this kit ! This is n't a toy - this is a REAL drum set for kids ! I love it , my daughter loves it , and the only way I could be happier would be if the cymbals were as top notch as the rest of it . But they are still functional ! As a professional musician , It was important to me to get something quality for my kiddo ; this product delvered just that .
 We bought these for my four year old for his birthday , and he loves them ! They are a great starter set for kids who are interested in music and rhythm . They have a great sound and this was the best price we found for a set that included so many pieces .
 My eight year old granddaughter could hardly wait for these to be assembled -LRB- easy assembly -RRB- . She really would n't have cared if there had been NO other presents under the tree for her !
 Got this for our 4 year old . Was time consuming to put together , but really was n't that bad . Is an awesome set . Very nice drums and seat . We got it in black . It is an impressive set to see and use . All our boys ages 4-14 have used it and had fun creating beats .
 I am trying to collect the entire league . I 'm so happy with these helmets . I have never been disappointed with them .
 I love these helmets ... Im trying to collect every NFL team . I figure if I buy one division a year to limit my self . Im a huge bears fan and I love setting the bears helmet and who ever they are going to beat up above my TV .
 I rember not so long ag I only had my fav team the detroit lions and since then I have gotten 21 more riddel and love them always get complements on these mini helmats I. Would tell any one who loves the nfl get the set u will love the um . Kevin edwards
 It was a great Riddell helmet and the gift recipient loved it ! I would definitely recommend this to anyone interested ! Fast delivery , easy transaction , reasonable price !
 It said it was a used product . My sister said it was perfect . Looked new . I plan in buying more used products in the future to save money .
 I ordered this to keep on my desk at work , mainly to stick it to the poser Cowboy fans around here . Everything is great about it , except for the fact that the team sucks . Fire Kubiak !
 This helmet is as cute as can be . Great little knick nack for the football fan in your house . Must buy !
 fast shipping and nice looking product . my uncle is a huge Miami fan so this is a perfect gift for xmas for him
 Simple but well constructed ... great for getting autographed . Looks very realistic and makes a great gift . Colors are bright and true to the dolphins colors ... Vibrant and durable ... great for collectors ...
 Product was in great condition and sold at a very good price for mini helmets
 Great product . Very happy .
 I ordered this helmet to take to a Sports Collectors Show that was taking place in 4 days . I got them fast -LRB- and for a better price then in stores -RRB- . Great for Autographs and Collectors .
 Loved this little helment , fast delivery , an also was in great shape . Would purchase more for friends and family . Must have for eagle fans .
 I was impressed with the quality of the product.Assembly was done in no time.My whole family loves it.Our house is the new place to be for the cousins .
 Received the table today . Put it together in 15 minutes . Good quality for the price , great size for small areas . It was delivered 5 days early .
 I absolutely love this table ! Great design and the great quality I 've come to expect from target . The only downside to buying this table is that it does not come with pool balls or cue sticks , but the product description warns of this . If you have a good pool catalog though , you can find a great set of pool balls for cheap to play on this table . I love it !
 My 6-year old son bought this with own money and was n't disappointed . He loves to put the helmet on his stuffed animals to play football .
 lleg&oacute; todo muy bien , el envio fue rapidisimo contando que llega de Estados unidos y el producto esta perfecto . all perfect .
 The helmet made a great gift . My nephew loves it . He is starting a collection . The color is good and it looks offical .
 I bought this mini white raptor as a companion for my green Roboraptor named Ripple and have since bought him a mini green companion and two more full sized ones Whiplash -LRB- white -RRB- and LBO or little Black Olive -LRB- guess the color ! -RRB- . I think it 's really cute the way he walks around especially if you put a small dino carcass in his mouth !! Yes , it 's true the minis do n't do much and he does have a tendancy to fall face down but , he ` not that expensive ! I find that he is still enjoyable and that 's coming from a grown woman . I think that for a child they should be able to see one before they get it cause it could disappoint them if they think it 's like the big one .
 My mini roboraptor is always big fun . I like it when he opens his jaw , walks in circles around my big roboraptor , and his articulated arms . But it would have been better if it had baby dinosaur sounds . But i still love it .
 I find Mini Roboraptor a fun little companian . I never get tierd of watching him walk around my room ...
 The roboraptor it knows wheres its going and it walks close to walls and shakes its head and its tail and it does great things .
 I bought this little guy as a companion for my Roboraptor , and am pleased with my purchase . It 's adorably cute!I agree that functionality is sadly rather limited , but for a fraction of the price of its larger counterpart , I was n't really expecting more.As for personality ? Definitely ! No , you wo n't find Mini Roboraptor up to all the mischief the full size Roboraptor gets itself into , but with its cheeky swagger , it 's hard not to love it!I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is seeking a companion piece for their larger raptor , but if you want the functionality of the larger toy , it 'd be best to save your money for that .
 I needed something Bruce Campbell related that was like an action figure or toy or SOMETHING , so I saw this one was the only one that was n't hundreds of dollars . It is nice , about 7 '' tall , hand painted and hand numbered . I got number 790 something out of 1,500 .
 This was part of the collection of Knights I put together for my Grandson . He loved the draw bridge , all the rooms and size . Easy to take apart and then set up again too . Well made and very interesting toy .
 This item is so cute . I am saving it as a gift for the future . It is much larger than I expected and I am sure my daughter will love playing makeup .
 This includes 5 Pirates sets ... . It 's huge ! There are 12 minifigures - all characters from the movie . The sets recreate many important scenes from the movie . This will keep your kids busy for hours !
 The other day I walked into my 3 yr old sons room . Noticed he had draw on his wall . The picture was of JFK at the last supper . These makers did the trick for him . He can now draw like Da'Vinci ! -LRB- J/K -RRB- . But they do work for writing on paper , walls , boards and anything else . They also cost allot cheaper at Dollar Store or Dollar General Store . Like about $ 3 instead of this price .
 These are good markers . I used them for making buttons . many kids used these , or I should say abused these markers and they stood up .
 These are the same awesome crayola makers that Iremember from when I was a little kid !! Way to keepon strong Crayola !!
 Good set of markers . I used them for adult coloring books . Not good for stained glass type coloring pages as the wetness of the markers makes the page curl .
 I ordered these Crayola washable markers becuse first of all I trust the Crayola name . And it is nice to know the markers wash out of things not intended for art ~
 I did n't realize this ball hopper was so big ! I can big up a ton of balls , and on top of that it 's pretty sturdy overall . For the price this was a definitely a steal ! I played Varsity tennis , and buying this hopper helped me improve . It saved time and etc. : -RRB-
 In general this looks nice and functional and well worth the price . Very easy to put together . One big flaw is that it wo n't stand up still . I may need to tie the legs together . Not sure if it will work that way . Needs improvement there .
 the product is great for teaching a new player and having lots of balls available for practice and repeating the same shot over and over . Good design and ease of carrying .
 This is not a bad deal for $ 21.00 . I use this to hold Gamma Quick Kids 36 ' Tennis Balls . This holds about 50 - 60 of the red tennis balls for kids.It was easy to assemble but there were a bunch of washers left over?It is a good idea to have some cable ties and a velcro strap ... the cable ties are to hold the basket together at the base and the velcro strap is for the lid.I am not sure how long the the plastic tubing/air hose on the handles will last .
 This ball hopper is easy to put together and affordable , you will get the balls off the court in no time . Just some advice - do not leave it out in the rain because it will rust !
 Now I do not have to bend down and pick up Tennis Balls I hit to my 5 yo Grand daughter . Holly is a great Tennis Ball hitter but not so great on picking them up ! This Product makes life easy for me as I want to encourage her to play Tennis as it is such a wonderful sport .
 this perhaps the lowest price pickup you can found , very easy to setup and can hold upto 75 balls , and fits the compact trunk.If you want to feed your kids it is a good choice , use this pickup and buy 75 Penn coach in walmart , cost only 50 bucks.it is also perfect to practice your serve.anyway , it is just a very low end stuff , not stand perfect steady and a bit heavy with full load of balls.Overall , i am very happy/w my purchase
 This is basically the same ball hopper I had 20 years ago with a few minor set backs . The first issue was that 20 years ago , the basket was one piece , now the four sides are screwed together , so you constantly have to worry about the nuts getting loose and loosing them . The other issue is that it takes a lot of muscle to get the legs into the notches to get it to stand up . I can do it , but I 'm pretty sure my wife would not be able to . With the legs int he notches , it 's pretty stable . Once you do get the legs in the notches , it takes some more muscle to get them out . Overall , I think it was a good choice .
 I like this product . It works well for teaching my two young kids and holds around 75 ball . Very convenient and not too big that it wo n't fit in my car .
 Compared to other ball holders , this is the way to go . Very functional and ca n't beat the price ! There 's not another product that can hold 75 balls at this price .
 What a great price . Well made product . Super fast service . Would definitely order again due to the fantastic service i received .
 Some other reviews say this is not a good hopper , but what can you really expect for around $ 20 ? It works . I am not nice to it . I toss it in my trunk and pretty much manhandle it . No screws have popped out , nothing weird happened . Sometimes the top pops open in my trunk and a couple of balls fall out ... It sits at a good height and makes transporting balls and practicing service very easy.Seriously ... $ 20 . Worth every penny .
 Wow I can fit a whole lot of balls in there . It 's working nicely . It 's a sturdy construction . It 's a little heavy though . When you are tired and feeling a little lazy that weight really gets to you . It probably weighs ow about 5-7 lbs . It 's a nice cage though . I just got it
 The Wilson Ball Hopper does a great job picking up the balls . If is sometimes hard to bring down the arms and stand it up to serve balls . Both of my kids -LRB- 9 and 4 years old -RRB- pinched their fingers trying to set it up as a basket for me to feed them balls . I think it is great deal for the price .
 I just started playing and this is a great item for practicing . I love the fact that it stands and then folds so u can carry it . The only things that bother me is the locking of the legs and then the closing . I still do n't think that is a large issue , still a great buy .
 We are newly retired , and have each attempted to take up tennis a few times over 50 years . We 'd take lessons and then get involved in other than tennis and it never went anywhere . Well my wife decided to do it again and her buddy tennis instructor in another state told her to get one of these.It actually made a difference , because she could get enough practice in in a couple of hours a week of me pitching to her and her hitting or serving , to get good enough to play for the first time in her life.Now , a couple of months later , she is actually playing with 3 of her friends every week and doing pretty well . I am astonished.Get the Gamma ball hopper easy go wheels , to go on it , to make it easy to drag around . You 'll want 4 or 2 with a separator . Glue the two halves of each wheel together .
 This product is excellent for anyone just getting into the game of tennis . For the price range , this hopper is a great option compared to what you 'll find in most sporting good stores . I 've seen some reviews say it is n't very durable , but I 've been using mine for several months now without issue . It sits in the trunk of my car and I only bring it out when I 'm using it.I imagine it 's not built to withstand hours and hours of teaching lessons with everyday , but for the casual player it 's more than fine .
 Do n't get me wrong it 's a good hopper but it 's a bit on the flimsy side . It 's not made out of a strong/thick metal , and it does n't have a firm feel when you pick up tennis balls but it gets the job done . What can you expect for under $ 20 .
 item is great for average tennis family . It 's worked great this summer . Not like the pros use at the club , but works great for what my family uses it for . I would recommend
 When I saw one of these at the court I just had to have one . It makes picking up a bunch of balls a snap and really saves your back . That said , it 's kind of a pain to assemble , and you may have to do a little creative bending to make it easier to turn the handle into legs .
 Love this hopper . A must have and a real back-saver . Solid design yet light even when full .
 I received the Wilson Ball Hopper extremely quickly from Amazon , despite choosing the Free Shipping option . It was easy to assemble , and works very nicely . Really useful when you go out to hit balls by yourself . I 'd give it 4.5 stars if possible , because the mechanism for locking and unlocking the legs/handle bars is a tad less-than-ideal . This has only been a small inconvenience to this point , since I 've only used it with around 25 balls so far .
 Product is a good buy for the price . `` Some Assembly Required '' , but not in the way I usually fear . Just a few nuts and bolts , and the only tool required is included.My only complaint is that the lid does n't lock closed , which was an issue since I leave it laying sideways -LRB- the only way it will fit -RRB- in my car trunk , hence balls everywhere . A short bungee cord remedied that.In all , I 've seen better , but it does the job , and the price is great .
 Make sure to use the washers when you put it together - the instructions omit that step . It 's a bit heavy to carry for long distances but it 's function is great . Sturdy . Huge basket . I would recommend it .
 it is good quality , but a little heavy . when you try to stand it up , you need stong muscle to lock the legs . otherwise it is good stuff .
 I 've heard about the top lid coming off but that only happens when it 's in the trunk of my car , on court usage does n't cause it to happen . The metal is n't flimsy at all , it 's quite durable . The handles sometimes come out of its sockets if you swing it too hard but that 's no issue , it is very easy to reattach . Just drop this basket on a ball and the ball pops in ; balls wont come out even if the basket is full . I do not believe it will hold 75 balls , I am at 60ish or so .
 Picks up tennis ball as designed . Get it . It is easy to pick up your tennis balls off the court .
 It gets the job done especially if you 're just playing with one other person casually . Holds a decent amount of balls and is pretty easy to set up .
 This was another Christmas gift that has n't been used yet . Hopefully the person we gave it too , will find it helpful .
 Works great . Does its job on the tennis court . Always wanted one from a kid . Bought mine for my son .
 Overall this ball hopper is good . What stops it from getting 5 stars is that the lid does not close tightly . I had it in my trunk and the top popped open and balls were everywhere - not a big deal but a bit of a pain nonetheless . Overall great price and does what it is supposed to do . I would buy it again .
 perfect for our expectation , easy to installatin , smart design , la la la la la la la la la la ls
 We bought 2 of these to use for quick pick up with our ball machine . For the money you really ca n't beat tehm .
 It was a great tool . It is firm and made of material that will last long . The price is proportional to what you get . It 's above and beyond .
 it is what it claims to be and was about half the cost of the sporting goods store . If you are looking to get into tennis and need a ball hopper this will work adequately . good luck
 I read all the reviews and since the worst thing I read was that it might benefit from a couple zip ties , I decided to give it a look and see what kind of a deal this way . Well it turns out , it 's quite the deal . I can see where people feel that the construction , as in the nuts and washers that are included , can lead to it falling apart from loosening itself . After I assembled this unit , which took 5 mins if that , it was tight and quite nice . However as a pre-caution , and only a pre-caution , I decided to zip tie the -LRB- only -RRB- 4 corners that matter in assembly . I 've uploaded a couple pictures so you can see what I mean.Overall I 'd buy 10 more of these without a question . it works as described , picks up balls off the court with a perfect little push from this device . a real back saver and great carrier for lots of balls . I 'm sure most people have zip ties lying around , and if you do , take 5 mins to secure the corners just to be safe . It 's well worth it . Now it feels like a rock . Also , the legs folded down and seemed to be quite stable when locked into place . Handle is nice and long when in the up position . Worth the buy over and over again for $ 21 .
 I bought the Wilson Ball Pickup 75 and after taking it every day to the court I can say it is a great product . It helps me a lot to be able have 75 balls to practice my service , backhand or forehand , besides that it is always nice to hit 75 balls back to back . It is not the top of the line but is very good quality for the price and I will recommend this product to anyone from beginners to advances players . I must have !
 I think ball hoppers are essential for learning tennis , teaching someone else tennis , and for intermediate players working on their serve.this one works just fine . Possible complaints -LRB- minor -RRB- : legs just fit into a slot - could be secured in some fashionfour screws keep the basket together - they can be come loose . Can be annoying - have to watch out for it .
 Hard to review a product like this ... it 's like reviewing a pencil , if it writes , it worked.In all seriousness this is a nice hopper , I like it better than the Gamma hoppers you see everyone walking around with if for no other reason than the clasping nub at the top of the handles that will `` lock '' the hopper closed , that 's a nice touch.The metal used is on the thick side and the hopper has a perfectly sturdy feeling . You also assemble it by fastening 4 bolts that you can do up pretty tightly to give the thing a `` never going to come apart '' feel.The ONE thing I did n't like , is that the lid does n't * latch * closed , it just lays closed . I think it 's suppose to latch , but as you tighten said bolts during assembly , the metal flexes a bit and bows inward on the side just a hair , making the top stop snapping closed and only lay closed.I thought this would be a problem for me since I lay this thing down in the back of my car when I 'm not using it , but because the top handles latch closed , they sort of keep the top flap from coming open , so I have n't really had any issues of the top popping open and balls emptying out into my trunk.The only modification I would have made to this hopper -LRB- and I 've had a few hoppers -RRB- is to put a little metal knob on the top lid * just like * the metal one on the handles , so the top would snap closed ... other than that I 'm very happy with it , would definitely get it again as opposed to the Gamma one.One last note , the handles do come with rubber handle guards on them which is basically just some rubber hose -LRB- I noticed a lot of hoppers do this -RRB- , I 'd suggest taking this off ... even though it makes the handles more comfortable to carry , when you flip the handles around and stand the hopper up on the handles , the little rubber guards can cause the legs to slowly spread out from under the hopper until it eventually falls over -LRB- sort of like someone on skates for the first time where their legs will slowly slide out from under them into the splits -RRB- . If you never prop your hopper up like in the picture of this product , do n't worry about it . Just wanted to give that heads up incase you do so you do n't have to chase 75 balls around the court like I did during serve practice .
 So after waiting to purchase for over a year the darn thing went on a bit of a sale . We bit and it was worth it . Probably should have purchased at the few dollars more last year or when we first saw it . I 'd say it 's worth $ 25 . Super easy to assemble with just a wrench or pliers . Sturdy and quite efficient . We emptied out at least 10 cans of `` practice '' balls and it barely looks one-third full . Anyway , it is easy to assemble and once that 's done you 're good to go . There may be a bit of a storage placement issue as you have to keep the handles in the up or down position to be efficient . We have an Escape and it 's fine on the backseat floor when transporting to a court . I do n't know how well you can transport in a little car . There is a cover intertwined as part of the unit and it 's fine . If you had to transport on a back seat you 'd have to have the handles at 90 degrees and there would be no room for a passenger there . Worth the purchase .
 It is a bit heavy but I consider it part of the workout to build arm strength ! Assembly consisted of four nuts and eight washers . It comes with one of these small wrenches so you do n't have to bring out the tools unless you dislike those thin mini-wrenches . When putting the basket together , you want to be sure NOT to tighten any nuts until you have all the nuts on and adjust the shape of the basket . If the basket is assembled out-of-square , you may experience issues such as the lid wo n't close properly or the basket will be unstable or legs wo n't stay locked . I have not seen any of the problems other people are having . The only problem I have is that the handles are a bit difficult to lock into place because it is a very tight fit . But I 'd rather have that problem than the problem some people are saying about the legs not staying locked . Overall a good value .
 Great product at at great price . It holds enough balls to feed my tennis ball machine .
 this ball hopper is very good and sturdy , although the handles occasionally loosen and eventually fall off . this problem can be easily fixed if you secure the handles by placing them in a spot made to hold the handles in place . this is a great ball hopper if you know how to use it the right way . it was although a little difficult in setting up the ball hopper , but it does come with easy directions !
 I am very happy with this purchase ! Just set the basket on top of the ball and it squeezes though the bars and ends up in the basket . Simple design but very effective .
 This ball hopper works and is easy to use . It is easy to carry and flip over to stand up . It does NOT come with any balls in it . It arrived in a flat box and was super easy to set up-just a couple of minutes . It comes with directions but you do n't need them .
 This is a great deal . One just like this costs around $ 40 at Sports Authority . I put it together easily and it is not even wobbly when I stand it up .
 Good product , delivered quickly . The only issue is that the metal handle comes out of its secured slot occasionally .
 Good product at a reasonable price . Remember , like with anything else , you get for what you pay ...
 This proved to be everything it was represented to be . Great value in terms of what 's in the stores . I 'm very pleased .
 I love this ball hopper . It was easy to put together , affordable , and makes picking up balls around the court super easy . All you do is push the basket on top of a ball and it pops into the basket . The stand converts into basket handles making it a cinch . After you are done popping in all the balls you can stand it up next to you for easy access to your balls . Wish I had bought one sooner .
 My son started tennis few weeks ago and I play with him for his practice . Soon I learned that just few balls in tennis practice is not enough . So , I bought 75 ball pack and this 75 ball picker . Ever since my sons game has improved significantly because we do n't waste time in picking balls and playing again . We finish 75 balls practicing service or forehand or backhand and then we pick these 75 balls in just few minutes and we are back to practice again . Now we spend more time playing then picking .
 One of the best investments towards my kids learning tennis . Now collecting balls is even more fun for the kids .
 This is a must have for those with a ball machine or anyone practicing . I like the dual position design and the ability to use the hopper in the standing position , however it is top heavy and can tip over easily .
 looks nice and works great , had it for 3 months so far.Well got it for my husband for Christmas but I use it just as much .
 Perfect size for practice serving . Balls are easy to pick up . Handles come off easily for putting in the trunk and fold and lock for standing on the court . Love it !
 Have n't encountered any problem that others have mentioned . Been using it for a couple of months ; screws are n't falling off and the handles are sturdy . Good buy for its affordable price.One personal gripe is that it 's so heavy when it 's at full capacity ! Feels even heavier when I 'm exhausted during play . Now I 'm thinking of getting another with wheels ...
 So much easier to pick up the hundreds of balls my dog fails to retrieve . It is functional and fun
 I was a little weary about buying this because some reviewers report that the bracing came loose . Well , after I received it and used it , I found that I had no problem with it at all . The wires that they use to make this is lighter gauge than the ones I see used in tennis lessons but for this price , I think it 's worth it . I bought this several months ago and had no problem with it so far . Buy it , your wo n't regret it !
 My older sister bought this toy and did not really enjoy it . so she gave her to me . I will never get rid of her !!! even when I do n't play with her , she is ether on my shelf or with all our papo toys . we used to buy all of our papo toys from a toy store called `` trains and toys '' until they ran out of business . all of our papo figures were bought for $ 7.99 ! I ca n't belive amazon has them for so cheap !!!!! this pirate girl is one of my favorite toys , and I named her Erika and take VERY good care of her . you should SO buy this !
 I 've been collecting Jada Big Time Muscle replicas for the past 5 years . They are always made with the best quality and authentic detail . I have them on a shelf in my office . Whenever someone come in my office , they always admire my collection . Old Hot Rod buffs comment on how they can remember having a particular car or knew someone who owned one . They are great . Keep them coming , I will continue to add to my collection .
 To be honest I have n't taken the Mini Telecaster out of the package yet and wo n't until I am ready to put it in with the rest of the assembled gift . It is absolutely awesome looking though . The stand , picks and strap are all as well defined as the guitar , it 's amazing . I almost expect little people to pop out and be able to actually play this thing . Hopefully if they do a jam session it 'll be some really good classic country music .
 in the world of 1/350 scale warships tamiya is known as the benchmark , the `` go to '' because of their attention to detail and quality in manufacturing . this trumpeter model and trumpeter in general seeks to knock tamiya off their thrown . the detail and quality of product is great , with one added bonus . they add photo etched parts ! now this is a first i have seen this . tamiya is starting to introduce photo etched with its newer models but the older big six ships dont have it added . so buy this model with confidence , you wont be sorry . happy modeling !! oh the kit comes with both waterline and full hull options .
 great for travelling and nice that it is so self-contained at home too ... plus its really pretty !
 We are a Home School Family & this poster set has been perfect as we study Botany ! It has been a great asset for us .
 A couple of the kids in the neighborhood like to play ` Cops and Robbers ' when their family is over -- where they 're the cops , I 'm the perp , and it 's ` Violating Civil Rights ' week on Law & Order , apparently . And I 'm tired of being locked in the basement ` holding cell ' , or beaten with a sock full of army men , or being Miranda 'd with ` the right to remain dorky ' . Well , this time I decided to take the ` Cops ' into my own hands , and make them the robbers for once.When the perpetrators arrived , I noted that they 'd parked their bikes in a designated ` Schwinn-free zone ' and wrote them each one of these tickets , with a twenty dollar fine . The kids said that they did n't have twenty dollars , and anyway their rides were ` Huffys ' . I told them , `` You 're a couple of Huffys '' -- Horacio said that once on CSI : Miami , I think -- upon which they unlawfully ripped their tickets in half and refused to pay . So I wrote them another ticket each for ripping up their tickets -- and they ripped those up . So I wrote two more for littering , which they also ripped up.Eventually , I ran out of tickets and decided to just smash one of their taillights with my nightstick , like Cagney and Lacey used to do , probably . But their bikes did n't have taillights . And I did n't buy a nightstick . I bought parking tickets . * sigh * They told me back at the Academy there 'd be days like this .
 This is so neat . My 2 year old is a huge Diego fan . When we purchased this , we had no idea how nice it would be . First of all , it is his size !!! -LRB- life size -RRB- It 's super soft and light weight . My son carries him around , puts him in the high chair , the bed , etc. . Great for pretend play as well as sleeping . We recommend this !!!
 This is my sixth Storytime Theater book . I have had the system for almost three years and my daughter -LRB- who is now 5 -RRB- , still uses this on a weekly basis . I have purchased all the titles I could find for the projector and they are all great . Narration is loud and clear and easy for children to follow if using the book . The stories are condensed versions of their respective movie . Not too long and not too short . The only disappointment is that the larger 4.5 `` cartridges are extremely hard to track down . More titles seem to be available for the smaller cartridge.The only drawback is that the narration is not done in the character voices , or at least with a little more emotion .
 The product is great , the shipping was fast and I was extremely satisfied ! Thank you .
 These memory squares are crafted out of very nice wood , crisply painted , and have a nice feel . They seem very durable , and much harder to lose !
 I am a huge fan of Selecta Spielzeug 's toys . Selecta 's toys are expensive but well worth the price -- an honest price for worthwhile products . They are beautifully manufactured in Germany and thoughtfully designed for kids . The animals printed on the wooden cards have vibrant , deep colors . We use the Memo Zoo wooden cards to play the memory game and also to teach the kids animal names in various languages . The kids in preschool also use the wooden cards to play mailbox -- the cards are the letters/postcards going into the mailbox.I highly recommend this game and also other board games designed by Selecta , Whenever we give this to other kids for birthdays , the parents always tell us how much they and their kids enjoy this game .
 My two older girls love playing the memory game , my one-year old loves to eat the memory cards . This was a great solution . PLUS the animal pictures are really nice .
 It 's a nice toy , cheap y can put a smile on a girl who likes so much dora , i hope u like too ...
 All of the Crocodile Creek puzzles are excellent and this is no exception . We have four now . This is the most difficult of the ones we have -LRB- we have dinosaurs , vehicles , sea animals and now alphabet -RRB- , especially for a 3yo that is only now learning his alphabet , but he can put it together by himself nonetheless . The carrying box is sturdy , the puzzle pieces are durable , the art is beautiful . My sons put the CC puzzles together many , many times a day ... and have for over 6 months . I highly recommend these puzzles .
 This is a great first puzzle for your toddlers . My 27 month old learnt to do it completely after solving it with me for a week . She enjoys it so much . Recommended age says 3-6 years , but I think this will be too easy for 4 + .
 My twins love this puzzle . The recommended age is 3-6 , but do n't be afraid to try it for a 2-yr-old . Mine have both learned to do this ... they still need help to get started , but they love to put pieces in and name all the animals . Great product !! Especially love the suitcase ... it 's self-storing !
 My daughter received this for Christmas and was able to put it together on her own 2 months after turning 3 . It is a phenomenal puzzle . It 's comprised of 34 pieces that make up 9 farm animals , which are wonderfully drawn . While 34 pieces may seem daunting for your 3-year-old , know that each animal is made up of 4 pieces except the cat , which is only 2 pieces . Once the child is able to put together the `` mini puzzles '' , connecting them to eachother is easy . And the carrying case is awesome.I shared a picture of the finished product above . The edges do tend to get a little dinged and peely , just like any puzzle will , so have a care when taking the puzzle apart .
 All of the floor puzzles by Crocodile Creek are amazing ! Especially as a first puzzle for young children -LRB- the different animal sections on different colored backgrounds makes it easier for small children to figure out how to put the pieces together -RRB- . Plus , the carrying case makes for cute and easy cleanup and storage . I have 5 Crocodile Creek puzzles and my 3 y/o loves every one of them .
 This was a great purchase . We have a swingset in the backyard and our child was getting a little old to be swinging -LRB- 6 -RRB- . But we bought the trapeze and he loves it . He is outside most days doing flips and hanging upside down.The trapeze came earlier than expected . I was tracking it and it showed up on our doorstep several days earlier !
 This was just what I needed to replace the OEM plastic one . I did a flip off a jump and my car fell upside down and that was the end of it -LRB- broke in half -RRB- . So I had to buy a new one . Came across this one and knew it would be right for me . INDESTRUCTIBLE !! A must if you need to replace a broken one .
 I bought these for my daughter 's 4th birthday and the kids just loved them . Filled with treats and some My Little Pony party favors .
 I used to have a Davis Sanford tripod back in the early 70 's that I used for a medium format film camera . It was sturdy and did the job , in studio or on location . This tripod is very similar . Although it is a bit heavy , you 'll never have to worry about putting your digital camera , even with a long telephoto lens , on this tripod . Very nicely fitted with rubber grips and easily locked legs , this is the tripod you need .
 If ever a character deserved a bobblehead , it 's quagmire . If you like family guy and bobbleheads , then this is already purchased in your subconcious so just buy one now .
 If you do put any real effort into modeling/painting , the Space Marine Scouts can turn out looking pretty cool . On the table however , if you use these guys you better hope that luck is on your side . Their low ballistic skill can make things frustrating at times but when the dice are `` hot '' these guys can get things done . They do excel at killing monstrous creatures . Imagine your opponent 's face when you kill his Avatar or Daemon Prince on the very first turn . My guys even managed to DESTROY a Vindicator tank using the new Rending rule but the chances of that ever happening again are about the same as Alicia Keys calling and asking me for a date.I do want to try 9 Scouts with sniper rifles and 1 with a heavy bolter . I think that might help Alicia Keys remember where she put my number .
 Intro : First of all , Warhammer 40k is more of a hobby/strategy game rather than a toy , with that being said , these products are not for young children , they are for teenagers and up . For example , one would be unlikely to purchase a model airplane for a really young child , but a young teen would be much more likely.This Kit : One of the first investments I made for Warhammer 40k was to get Scout Snipers . Their verstility and functionality are hardly matched for their point costs , especially for Space Marine players . This kit comes with all of the materials to make 4 scout snipers and 1 scout with a rocket launcher with is more than enough to field a nice squad of scouts . This kit will also leave you with a variety of extra bits , which most Warhammer players love , and I do as well . I used my extra bits , and a little outside ordering -LRB- for missing parts -RRB- and I was able to construct another scout , which is awesome . You are only limited by your imagination and I certainly suggest looking into scouts as a troop choice for anyone playing from the Space Marines Codex.The Game : The Warhammer universe is very vast and is filled with more lore than any one person could explain in any short period of time , from books to video games , GamesWorkshop has done it all and the mechanics for this particular game are easy to learn and easy to retain which ultimately leads to a fun and satisfying gaming experience . For those trying to get into the hobby it is a bit price but well worth it because , unlike card games such as Magic The Gathering or YuGiOh , this game requires little to no upkeep . Play with what you buy and only buy more of what you ` want . ' The game is strategic much like playing chess but with a more modernized approach and combined with the mathematics involved in the game -LRB- statistics , numbers , and so forth -RRB- it can be an educational experience for younger players from a statistical and basic add/subtract standpoint . Finally , and more importantly , the game is meant to be fun as well as competitive and although some players may not win every match they can showcase their artistic abilities as well . This is an all-around great game and great hobby , check it out .
 Ah the venerable SM scouts . They definitely got a bit of a buff with the latest codex with being able to take sniper rifles for free , so these guys are certainly a lot more popular as of late . I 've built several squads and even converted a few so I figure it 'd be worth to toss my .02 into the pile.Overall this kit is a good value . You essentially get the SM Scout Sprue set with an extra sprue for the rifles and another sprue for the cloaked torsos . They assemble easily enough although the modeling on some of the cloaks makes fitment a bit of a chore.The real annoyance with the kit though is the sniper rifles themselves . I 'm a bit of a conversion nut so I always try to make sure all the barrels of my guns are drilled out and made appropriately `` gritty 'n grimey '' . I also have sort of gorilla hands so I quickly learned the handling limits of these rifle barrels pretty quick . Needless to say , these rifle bits need to be handled with a fair degree of care , particularly when painting and modding , as they snap very easily and when finally assembled , stick out away from the model a fair degree . Extra care must be taken when storing them as I 've had several break in my GW figure case from being pressed into the foam.Overall though , solid kit , just be extra careful with those Sniper Rifles , believe me , trying to pin and glue those fiddly tiny barrels is no picnic at all .
 Easy to assemble . Good options . Detail is not to the same level as the dark eldar range , but is on par with the other marine models .
 it is perfect , just as I hoped . . and more -LRB- love the side panel ball/puck holders ... makes the table tidy and very `` game room '' like -RRB- . I would have preferred the 8Ft table -LRB- best for adults -RRB- , but , given the min 3 ft space needed between walls -LRB- to play pool , due to pool stick -RRB- , the 7ft fit my room best . It is just big enough for adults , small enough for children.EZ to assemble ; EZ to flip game -LRB- can be done by 1 person -RRB- . Air on hockey is sufficient -LRB- ez on/off switch -RRB- . Pool side is smooth and level , professional . Not bulky either due to styling.A bit heavier to bring into house than I expected , but , can be done with at least 2 strong people.Also , the company promo stickers on the table are a pain to remove -LRB- very sticky , needs to be scraped off like car inspection stickers -RRB- otherwise , Love It ! Glad I got it .
 It took some time to put the table together . The directions could have been alittle more clear . The table ends are pre-drilled for the application of a ball holder and paddle holder . However ; they are n`t clearly marked and at a glance you ca n`t tell the difference between back and front.We have had alot of fun with the table and do give it a thumbs up for entertainment .
 So far the kids are now spending less time watching TV and in Video Games . They share with family and friends.The game choice -LRB- Pool/Air Hockey -RRB- is a great alternative to boredom with one kind of game . It is easy to flip for them . It would be a great idea if they include a DVD -LRB- or booklet -RRB- with , different games , rules and tips on how to play or improve their skills . The package is very heavy and bulky and the delivery - unless specifically requested - is `` threshold . '' This means you will need to recruit adult help to place the table where you want it . Once you have it in place it is easy to set up . You will need help again to set the table on the base . Leveling is key .
 this apu bobblehead is great fun for any simpsons collector ! Buy it now !
 some of the best cards I 've played with . I run an organized poker league 3 times weekly and these cards so far have been great . Color does n't fade as some Copag and not as slick as Kem 's
 Great quality . I was looking for playing cards which will last more than a few games and these plastic card will do ...
 This cover still allows the baby 's skin to breath . Waterproof pads made my baby sweat when he slept but this all cotton one allowed him to sleep comfortably . It is extremely easy to put on the mattress and cleans up beautifully , hold up after many washes !
 I 've tried several for both of my kids and what I love about this one is the loft and the fact that it is NOT waterproof . Babies tend to sweat with the waterproof pads . This adds just the right amount of softness to your crib mattress so baby wo n't feel like they 're sleeping on plastic . I highly recommend this over all other mattress pads .
 This mattress pad is my favorite of the 3 different types I own . I plan on buying another one for my toddler bed too . It fits well and shows no noticeable fraying or pilling after washing . I like that it is NOT waterproof -- the plastic on waterproof pads tends to crack after a few washings ; plus all the crib/toddler mattresses made these days have waterproof vinyl covers already . Happy with my purchase !
 Actually , it has n't been used yet . My twin granddaughters are due in October . But the mattresses seem strong and durable .
 My kids loved to paint the beads , but they never really got around to making the jewelry . In reality , this is unlikely to be the type of jewelry they 'd wear , though you never know .
 gives a good carbon fiber look i recomend and are very durable and light and strong . and match my rustlervxl
 These receiving blankets have a fleecy softness to them and hold up well in the wash . I agree that they 're just a bit small to swaddle the baby in but I have plenty others for swaddling . I use these as a light cover . They 're good for carrying baby and for when you 're feeding since they wo n't make baby too hot and uncomfortable . I also like to throw them under my daughter when she 's in her swing or bouncer to protect the seats . It makes for much easier clean up . Since they come five in a pack they are also a great bargain . I was hesitant at first to buy them since they seemed to cheap but I 've been happily surprised by their quality and value .
 These are just about the softest receiving blankets you can buy . However , I ca n't really say that my daughter strongly preferred that over the course blanket they had at the hospital . In either case , it was more the tight swaddling wrap than the actual blanket that soothed her.On the other hand , I like the soft blanket to hold my baby in . That 's where they are worth the price.Another reviewer complained that they are thin . Receiving blankets really do not need to be thick to swaddle effectively .
 These blankets came in handy for me . They are light and easy to pack into a diaper bag . I mainly used them when breastfeeding my baby when he was smaller and now they are a great blanket for him to drag around the house .
 I agree with all the moms who believe millions of recieving blankets are a must ! I just wish they made them a little bigger , like 40x40 , instead of just 30x30 . My little girl is tall just like her mom -LRB- 5 ' 11 '' -RRB- and dad -LRB- 6 ' 0 '' -RRB- so to get her feet nicely covered up , I have to swaddle her from the waist down ! Other than that , I love these , they are very handy to protect unsuspecting guests who want to hold the baby from any `` overflow '' they might encounter .
 REGARDLESS OF THE BAD REVEIWS , I LIKE THESE RECEIVING BLANKETS , THEY SWADDLE NICE , WASH NICE , VERY SOFT ON BABY 'S SKIN , NEVER HAD A PROBLEM WITH THESE , I THINK THEY ARE WORTH THE MONEY , REMEMBER SOME PEOPLE U CAN NEVER SATIFY ...
 I added these blankets to my registry for a couple reasons . One was because they were thin for those days when there was just a little chill in the air . Second was when it was time to eat . I am breastfeeding and these blankets are not too heavy , big , or awkward to politely cover us during feedings . I have been very happy with them .
 Although they are definitely too small for swaddling , the blanket with the bears and ducks has become my infant 's favorite blanket . I received 1 with a lot of other things for a baby shower , and am very happy to have finally found these blankets , since I can now have one for the wash and one for her - she wo n't nap without it .
 As 30x30 receiving blankets go , these have worked great for swaddling our 12-lb 2-month old . They 're soft and stretchy enough to securely wrap him up , and they 've held up to weekly washings .
 I 've been using these for a year !! I love them ... you can used them to block the sun , put it down on the floor for a quick diaper change , great as a blanket of course ... I love them !
 These blankets are so light and so incredibly soft . They get even softer as you wash them yet hold up thier color perfectly!They are a perfect size - most blankets are either too large or too small . These are perfect receiving blankets !
 These blankets are the best , especially for summer babies . They are incredibly soft and light enough to use during the hot months . My newborn loves to be swaddled in them while he is sleeping and he does n't get overheated . The colors and patterns are adorable also .
 These are GREAT little blankets ! They are a little to small to keep my baby completely covered up and I can no longer swaddle him in them if I wanted to , but I still love these blankets . They are wonderful for breastfeeding moms ... lightweight , small , easy to pack in any diaper bag . They are also nice to throw down on the floor for my little one or if you need a light blanket to keep the evening chill away . I 'll be using mine for a while yet .
 I like these blankets because they are great for the warmer times of year like summer . They are just thick enough to ward off drafts , and he/she wo n't want to kick it off for being hot . They also make for a good barrier between the floor and the baby when you change the diapers .
 I bought the Sea Animals and the Horses `` floor puzzles '' to give as gifts and they were instant successes . These days , kids no longer get this kind of toys , so they are always curious about them . The fact that there are so many different themes makes them all the more attractive . I highly recommend them !
 My kids are puzzle lovers , and Crocodile Creek ones are among the best . They are sturdy , with colorful pictures , and durable packaging as well for years of taking this in and out multiple times per week .
 Beautiful durable puzzle . This is a perfect puzzle for a beginner . The background colors lend themselves well to explaining how to put puzzles together , how to look for clues as to which pieces go where . All of the Crocodile Creek puzzles are great ! The carrying case is an added bonus . Highly recommend !
 My daughter is 3 and she has played and played with this puzzle for months . She just loves it . It has also held up really well for as much as she takes it in and out of the box and puts it together . We will for sure be buying more !
 What a wonderful set of puzzles . It is a fantastic set with four puzzles , ranging in level from easy to challenging . My two year old enthusiastically puts together the easier puzzles . She actually sits for extended amount of time working on it independently and repeatedly . My daughter gets great pleasure in seeing the end result . I would have never thought she could be capable of this yet , but this set showed me not to underestimate children . She truly loves the challenge ! I would recommend this item for children whom love putting things together .
 The puzzle is very entertaining to my 3 yr old son who enjoys all of the puzzles from Crocodile Creek . It is very durable and a great item for children learning to do puzzles . We also have the barnyard , dinosaurs and sea life puzzles and love them . My 3 and 4 year old children are very entertained but older children could probably do them very easily so I would look for something more challenging .
 I have been looking at guitars for my 3 year old 's birthday ... she loves playing instruments ! I was torn between this one and the barbie one , and I 'm so glad i went into the store to look at them in person!The things I like about this one are the buttons actually play one note , all of the other guitars would play an entire song with one push of a button.It also has actual buttons ... the barbie guitar had one long plastic thing , with pressure points under , which seems like it could break easy . The other guitars I looked at did have the buttons too , but like I said , they all played more than just a note.The strings light up and look like they will be fun to play!The only thing that turned me off about this guitar is that the whammy bar does not make whammy type noises , it actually says phrases , like `` Wow '' , `` you rock ! '' , and lastly `` whatever ! '' . I do n't really want my daughters saying `` whatever '' , and I know my 4 year old is going to get a kick out of it saying that since we tell her NOT to say that . i do n't understand why these companies have to ruin a good toy with things like that . That was my only issue with this though ! The price was so good too , so I bought it ! as usual , the price is about half at TRU.one other complaint that I 've seen on other website reviews , is that there is no volume control ... but with any toy that has no on/off switch , or plays too loud , I put a piece of clear tape over the speaker , and voila ! it 's a more tolerable volume ! : - -RRB-
 My 4 year old considers this guitar to be the toy ever ! My 10/12 year old like to play their piano music on it .
 I purchased the guitar for my Granddaughter for Christmas , she really enjoy 's the guitar and her age is 3 . It only has buttons for music and not any strings and I really wanted to get a string guitar for her .
 I had orginally ordered the leap frog touch magic guitar and was very disappointed when it arrived so I sent it back and ordered this guitar . I was worried because they said I might not have it by christmas . I ordered on 12/6 and it arrived on 12/11 . I was very happy to see that this guitar has buttoms to push for one note as well as playing full songs . It also has strings to strum . There doesnt seem to be a volume control , which would have been great . The sunglasses it comes with are a cute extra . My 3 yo daughter is going to be so excited to see her &#34; rockstar guitar &#34; under the tree .
 There are alot of bad reviews for this item , I really enjoyed the one where they said `` it doesnt work out of the box '' DUH ! It 's not supposed to , didnt they see the AC charger for the saucer ? Didnt they read the instructions ? You have to charge it for 15 mins first ! A short time to wait.Yes it is made of lightweight styrofoam -LRB- most model planes are too ! -RRB- and it has to be charged/recharged and doesnt fly too long on a charge but that is the cool technology that lets such a thing as a real flying saucer work at all ! It has to real lightweight and has to have a special lightweight battery ! Every hold even one AAA battery in your hand ? its heavy how is a under 12 '' vehicle going to fly with weight ?! Its basic aerodynamics people!It is not for small children who will smash it up and chew on it ok?It is a very cool real flying saucer , I recommend you fly it outdoors on grassy surface and the one with the lights is real cool ! No it isnt going to last forever or work 100 % perfect every time but what do you want for under $ 20 for a real working flying saucer anyways ! jeez !
 My 5-year-old son played with a Hover Copter at a friend 's house and loved it so much I just had to get him one . Well , after reading the reviews here I was skeptical , but I went ahead and bought it anyway . I 'm sure glad I did , 'cause it works just great and our son loves it . You charge it 10-15 minutes and then you can fly it 10-15 minutes . In our house , this cycle gets repeated over and over 'cause our son ca n't get enough ! He likes to fly it up almost to the 2-story ceiling of our family room and down again . We have n't had any of the problems mentioned in the other reviews . Do n't know if it makes a difference , but we have the 49MHz model .
 I saw this on tv and it looked cool , but then i saw copies and some at my mall that were 40 bucks ! , but I was looking at rc cars at a store one day and i saw the hovercopter , and it was the last one left ! i bought it and it was so cool ! but it does tend to bump stuff alot , And the blade is not safe , it hurts , i learned it the hard way , but anyways those people who wrote bad rewiews are inept . Nothing will last forever , . and it only takes 10 minutes to charge , that liar , not 20 , yes it is n't very durable but it is worth the 20 bucks , All in all , this is a garunteed great time of fun!I am gon na buy the field charger !
 I got this toy for Christmas . I love it ! It may look fragile , made out of some sort of foam , but I 've crashed it many times and it still flies . It 's kind of noisy , though , and you ca n't control its direction . It 's hovering capability is mainly why I wanted it , and it does that fine . If you fly it indoors , I would recomend a large room with not many or no easily breakable things , as it could bump into a wall and crash . But all in all , its great !
 I broke fixed it and called the company they ussally call back in 3 to 4day ! s
 I saw this on tv and it looked cool , but then i saw copies and some at my mall that were 40 bucks ! , but I was looking at rc cars at a store one day and i saw the hovercopter , and it was the last one left ! i bought it and it was so cool ! but it does tend to bump stuff alot , And the blade is not safe , it hurts , i learned it the hard way , but anyways those people who wrote bad rewiews are inept . Nothing will last forever , . oh and to that lady i sweriously doubt that it melted , and it only takes 10 minutes to charge , that liar , not 20 , or 30 , you people that gave bad rewiews lied bout tons of stuff , and it will give to 10 minutes of play time , i think some has been exagerating , yes it is n't very durable but it is worth the 20 bucks , All in all , this is a garunteed great time of fun!I am gon na buy the field charger !
 MY MOM BUYET ET FOR MY 14 BDAY ETS LOTS OF FUN SURE THE WIND WAS A SMALL PROMBLEM BUT ET IS A GOOD TINHG ET IS SAFE FOR INDOORS . *****
 I read the reviews before I bought and it helped me out . Some additional suggestions would be to add tape to the join connections to and the plastic piece covering the propeller -LRB- if it breaks it will wobble or stop working -RRB- . One more thing . . my son 's hovercopter stop going more than a foot off the ground . What had happened was that the two propellers had flattened out . I twisted them by hand and wa-la up it went . I tried it in an indoor atrium and it went up 40 feet in about 15 seconds . That really impressed the adults who are kids at heart !!!
 I walked into the Toys R Us in NYC this past weekend and was blown away when I saw the Hover Copter being demonstrated in the `` high ceiling '' store . Very cool . I had to have one . I am just a 47 year old kid but I also let my son who 's 16 play with it , and he 's having fun with it . My only complaint is that the charge only gives you maybe 5-8 minutes of play time , but its quick to charge up again and it is so cool to do in our front yard at night with the LED lights . Looks like a flying saucer or something ... they will only improve on this toy - its a great idea . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This is a really fun toy but the center plastic piece had already cracked by Christmas afternoon , so the coptor flies sideways now . We will call the co. 800 # & hope to get a good response .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas and she and my husband have played with it non stop ! We all love it . On durability well its made of a little tuffer styrofome but it dosnt take a genius to see you cant crash the thing that much or its gon na be history so use a little restraint but still it can take quite a few tumbles . All in all its a pretty cool toy and we have already gotten our $ 20 worth out of it in 2 days .
 This toy is so much fun ! It only takes ten minutes to recharge . I love it !!!!!!!!!!
 Of course it 's made of styrofoam ! But it is high density styrofoam which resists breakage . Of you buy a cheap knock off , you may be getting an inferior product . I CAN see where an excited kid would TEAR it out of the packaging and break it in half or not read the directions which say to NOT charge before the first flight . Doing so may reduce future battery performance . The other thing is to use a FRESH 9volt battery in the hand controller.The Hover Copter can be directionally controlled by getting it to fly in a circle , then using thrust to balance it out , but it takes some practice . We have had a blast flying two or more together . It 's a very cool toy , but it is not indestructable and care should be taken to NOT let the dog attack it or let 2 unruly children fight over it.As a cool toy , it gets 5 stars !
 My son loves his Hover Copter . I thought it looked a little fragile for the type of toy it was but it turns out it is much tougher than it seems . My son plays pretty rough with it and even landed his upside-down in a mud puddle ! It of course did n't work after that and he was upset and ready to throw it away . We let it dry out and the next day it worked fine again . The charge does n't last too long but it also does n't take too long to charge enough to play again . Makes a great gift !
 I recently visited Toys `` R `` US in New York , Times Square . I must first say a `` MUST SEE '' ! Not only am I an adult , but I found this toy unbelieveable . If I did have a child , this is the place to go!I found this toy there & I was facinated . I purchased it for my husband out of state & he has been playing with it ever since . It does need to be charged , but it only takes 15 minutes.I do think it could be made a little more durable.It will break if not careful . I do not think it should be used outside , kind of hard to control at times , but awesome!We did get a buyer protection plan for an additional year after manufacturer 's warranty . It cost an additional $ 2.99 but well worth it ! It will cover any part of the toy , if it breaks they will replace the toy at no charge . I think it is definitly worth the $ 25.00 I spent on it . And it made it through the airport which is something also !
 Dont listen to anyone else . they just are too rough with it . Your not stpposed to crash it . believe me . . if you are gentle and listen to directions youll have sooo much fun.If you looked on TV and really wanted this toy than buy it . Everyone else is just to rough . Its all worth it . And besides if your scared to buy it use a gift card and it wont be a waste of that much if it doesnt work which i really doubt would happen . when mine crashed my dad fixed it in about 2 minutes and if it accidently crashes agian he said He 'll fix it agian and be just as good . Just one thing badYou cant control if it goaes left or right unless you really really try .
 This is a great toy for the money . It is more durible than you would think . My 9 years old has n't broken it after several weeks - the dog has even taken a bite or two at it . It really works as advertised . You charge it up -LRB- takes about 15 min . -RRB- , aim the remote control and it takes off . You control how high it goes by how much you pull on the remote 's trigger . It has enough of a charge for about 5 min . of play . It safe indoor play ... drives the cat crazy . It is also great fun at night , as it has a changing color LED on it 's spinning side , giving a UFO halo appearance . Neat !
 I do n't know about you , but this toy is soooo awsome ! The only thing is that I recomend the 49 MGh hovercopter because it works a lot better ! Another con about this toy is that it uses up the battery soooooo -LRB- about 4min use -RRB- fast , but it has a 15min charger ! So do n't worry about that ! Another other con is that this toy can not be controlled from side to side , but for most kids -LRB- like me -RRB- , that 's the fun part ! Flying randomly ! But do not use this toy outdoors , or it will get serious damage , for a $ 20 toy ! If you want a much cheaper flying toy , get the Hover disc , from the same creators . It 's a ballon filled with air shaped like an oval and when you toss it , it unbeleivably flys with air -LRB- for outside use -RRB- ! only around $ 10 . But I like this toy much more anyways , because I 've got both toys ! So go ahead and get the 49MGh version of the Hover Copter , not the 27MGh one !!!!!
 A lot of people say this toy is bad . I do n't see why . I saw a salesperson flying one of these . It looked pretty good . So we bought it . Then we tried it at home . It worked really well . It charges 15 minutes , and flies for about 10 . If you mistreat it , it will break ! I think this is a great toy for kids ... that know how to use it ... and are not too young.The hovercopter is made of durable styrafoam . IT WILL NOT BREAK . UNLESS YOU DO NOT USE IT PROPERLY !
 This toy is great . I think you all need to look at the packaging and see the line that says `` AGES 10 AND UP '' its there for a reason you know . Children under ten are going to have some difficulty with the styrofoam 's durability . If you still want to get this for you child , be sure you explain to them that its not a frisbee
 No , it 's not all that durable . Yes , you need to use a little common sense with this toy . There 's a propeller on it , so you need to be very careful about fingers and other stuff that might get caught in it . You might need to clean the propeller of hairs once in awhile . But even with all the care you should give this toy , my 8 yr old still loves it . We 've all had so much fun with this toy ! Probably not a good toy for the under 8 age set.PS Two years later , I recall that my son actually lost this up on the roof of our two-story apartment building TWICE . The last time it stayed there , and we were all pretty bummed . Oh well , it was n't all that durable to last very long anyhow .
 I saw this on tv and it looked cool , but then i saw copies and some at my mall that were 40 bucks ! , but I was looking at rc cars at a store one day and i saw the hovercopter , and it was the last one left ! i bought it and it was so cool ! but it does tend to bump stuff alot , And the blade is not safe , it hurts , i learned it the hard way , but anyways those people who wrote bad rewiews are inept . Nothing will last forever , . and it only takes 10 minutes to charge , that liar , not 20 , and it will give to 10 minutes of play time , i think some has been exagerating , yes it is n't very durable but it is worth the 20 bucks , All in all , this is a garunteed great time of fun!I am gon na buy the field charger !
 Compared to other Barbie/Mattel products available today this one is sturdy , cute and well made . With all it comes with a better bargain overall . I make a lot of my own furniture , etc. for our hobby but could n't make anything so cute without tons of work . Nice that the entire kitchen is included PlUS just try TO FIND UTENSILS ETC. . FOR her !
 This giraffe was a big hit at Christmas , as it is very soft and cuddly . It came quickly , in easy packaging , and we are happy with it .
 My granddaughter is 12 years old . She let me know that she really wanted a giraffe stuffed animal for Christmas . It was late , but thanks to you Amazon , and a great seller she was a happy little camper sleeping w / her giraffe right beside her Christmas night . Thank you so much ! GRZ
 I bought this tiger for my son when he was born . I had no idea how much he would attach to it . He spent 2 years taking it EVERYWHERE . He gummed it , drooled on it , and even teethed on it . He got food on it , dirt on it ... it was disgusting . I have no idea how it held up so well . Many many trips through the washing machine -- always came out clean . After 2 years of more abuse than any material known to man , he finally succeeded in splitting the nose seam . I bought a new one for him . I put the two next to each other . Wow ... . who would have known it was the same toy ? The old one lost almost all the stuffing and the color . I say this not to denigrate this fine toy , but to praise it . Who knew it would last so well given the absolute abuse he put it under ? Great toy !
 I purchased this tiger for my son before he was born because his big sister had the pink one and just loved it . It is super soft and small enough to cradle in little arms . The tail is also great for teething babies . It 's very durable and cute . We 're definitely fans of this little tiger .
 The hooks are well made and corrosion resistant . They are perfect for an outdoor swing set for the kids or a porch swing for the grown-ups .
 My daughter loves Littlest Pet Shop , and when I stumbled on this bunny , I knew it would be perfect for Easter . It 's adorable , and the pink flower on the bunny , and yellow carrier with pink flowers , are the perfect colors ! I know she 'll love it .
 I have a domed cakeplate to display these whimsical creations . Everyone asks if they 're real . They are absolutely adorable and do look like real cupcakes !
 Very light , realistic looking fake cupcake . The bottom of some of them were not perfectly flat so wobbled not a big deal.It is a hard foam so you my be able to crush it flat . Just glue it down works though . I used it as a surprise gift , that looks great and does n't go bad .
 All as promised . But the box is too heavy . It is not really convenient to travel with .
 I am a mother of a 12-year-old daughter with severe cognitive disabilities and autistic tendencies . She loves any toy that makes noise -- the louder , the better ! This is a great toy to take with us to restaurants or other public places , because it is fairly quiet , but the vibration and quiet jingling are fun for her . It took a little while for her to figure out how to activate the toy -LRB- by pulling a sturdy fabric ring at the back while holding onto the head -RRB- , but she was very motivated to learn and she was so excited when she finally did .
 This toy was a gift to my 6 month old daughter and she absolutelyloves it . She is teething and loves to chew on it . It keeps her entertained for long periods of time . It is great .
 My 4 month old daughter LOVES this toy , and has since she was 3 months old . She does n't like tummy time so we do n't scoot it on the floor yet , but she loves it when we pull the tail and it jiggles on her tummy . The colors and fabrics are great too , they really capture her attention . The feet crinkle , which she really seems to enjoy . Also , there is a lot for a baby who is just learning to hold toys to grab onto . My baby grabs her bug by the legs , antennae , and tail . This toy is a favorite with our friends ' 3 year old too . I think this toy will be popular at our house for a long time .
 This worm wiggles and jiggles when you pull it . It 's really cute . I had it in my son 's crib from birth through present . He is now 1 and still plays with it .
 I think I purchased this toy for me more than my daughter . It 's a great toy and fun , but my daughter has not yet shown any interest in it . -LRB- My dog has though , hehe -RRB- . FYI
 This doll is fun !!!!! Gir is the funestestest thing to play with ever !!!!!!!!!!!!! If u like invader zim , you 'll love this !!!!
 This was the perfect Christmas present ! Wonderful vendor , their customer service is top notch ! Very helpful , very nice . Would purchase from again !!!
 This is what fans have been waiting for ! Everyone loves Gir and now you can get him in this fantastic size ! This thing is HUGE ! The packaging hides some of the details but once you get it out you 'll love it . This Gir is fully poseable and really is a great representation of the character . Just be careful putting on the suit . The joints are n't too durable and any tugging could pop the neck joint . The only complaint we at Otherworld Entertainment have is that the real zipper is in the back , not the front like in the cartoon . Other than this minor detail we have to say we love this GIR . Now , if only they will make a Mega Zim to go with him !
 I got this cage ball to play some games with teens that need a giant ball . The only thing I do n't like is that it is not perfectly round . You can still play a game and it will roll but I wish it was completely round.It is very durable and made of great material .
 This was big fun at youth camp . All ages enjoyed this ball . We used it as a reverse tug-a-war . Students pushed the ball against each other across a line . Need to use the correct nozzle to pump it up though . We purchased a camping air mattress pump . Worked GREAT !
 We have n't had this broom a long time but so far it is really good for my 18m old daughter . She loves it . We use it outside because the bristles are very stiff and we do not want it to scratch the wood floors but it works great on the patio and she just loves it .
 My daughter-in-law is thrilled to have full use of her own broom , now that the little guy has his own , with which he &#34; helps &#34; Mommy .
 I was hoping for an authentic looking broom , and aesthetically pleasing for our designer home . I wanted the traditional broom but at least they shipped immediately and in time for Christmas !
 I was so pleased when I received the broom !! It 's very durable and easy to clean ! My little helper loves it and enjoys helping clean up ! It 's does a great job sweeping up !
 I bought this broom for my broom-obsessed young -LRB- 18 mo -RRB- toddler . He drags this thing everywhere ! The broom seems to be holding up pretty well , although the bristles are really frayed . The only thing I do n't like about it is that it leaves streaks of blue paint on the linoleum floor and on the walls if it happens to slide down the wall -LRB- like if the broom gets set up against the wall and falls over -RRB- . Other than that , seems to be ok . The reason I chose this one is because it was the smallest one I could find -LRB- less than 30 inches -RRB- .
 My 15 month old son was fascinated with my corn broom , and he would carry it around the house trying to sweep . I purchased this one , and it was immediately a hit with Mommy 's little helper . The bristles have taken a beating from use over the past several months , but they are all in tact and holding up well .
 The quality of this broom is pretty good . The packaging , however , was kind of huge . My daughter is almost three years old , and we have clean up time a couple times a day where we sweep and do the dishes . She was always a big helper with the dishes part by setting her stool beside the sink , but she did n't really get into the sweeping until I bought this little broom for her . I think it should last a while - probably a couple years with constant use . It seems to actually sweep well , also , which will be great when she is a little older and has a bit more control .
 I guess I should have read the product description that this is not a true corn broom . The bristles are plastic , so they spread out quickly . The picture is accurate . I guess I should have gone for a real corn broom . However , small real corn brooms seem to be more expensive , so for the price , this was a decent value.As another reviewer stated , the broom is in a box , flopping around . I guess there 's not much incentive to spend a dime on padding . It 's pretty durable and showed up in fine condition in spite of this.I bought it for my two year old , who is pretty brutal on most things . I 've had it for a couple of weeks and it 's still alive . Uglier than before , with the sprawled bristles , but still functional .
 My toddler twins love pushing these brooms around the house , announcing that they 're Cinderella . At least my floors are kind of sort of getting cleaner , and they 're distracted , right ?
 We got this toy broom for our 3 year old son who would play with an adults broom . It arrived quicker than I thought . He loves it and sweeps when I do . It works well . The bristles are not made of corn but of a thick plastic . I did have to separate the bristles when I first got it but for 5 bucks that is n't a problem . The wood handle is very durable . It is approved by me and my 3 year old .
 I needed play brooms for my grandkids and was unable to find any in any of my local stores . So I did a google search , found these and have been happy with them but not as happy as my grandkids . Love them and they are just her size .
 This little broom is the perfect size for a toddler who loves to help out with the chores ! Could be better if it was an actual corn broom , not plastic , but some real brooms have plastic bristles , so it 's not a big deal .
 This item is perfect for simple puppet performances , and the colors are very attractive . I would highly recommend it for children 's puppet shows .
 We bought this at a local store for our son and the whole family loves it . It takes a little coaxing to become round -LRB- be sure to read the directions - it helps -RRB- but it 's a blast . We 've created many games with this ball , not just catch . We 'll be getting the larger one shortly !
 This is just what I was expecting . It 's good for hockey , soccer and throwing practice -LRB- and probably lots of other things I have n't tried with my kids yet -RRB- . It 's also really easy to set up and take down and it 's great on both grass and asphalt/concrete .
 Bought this for an 11 year old quarterback ! He loves it . Every easy to set up and take down . He loves the fact that he can take it anywhere and set it up himself . Very sturdy , holds up to plenty of punishment ! The adjustible target makes good practice for different passing angles . Great product , money very well spent !
 This product has been great for my children . My son is 12 and it has helped his pitching greatly , and my daughter is 8 and has also improved her pitching .
 For the price and relative ease of use , this is a decent starter net . The five foot height/width makes it a little small for older youth . It is easy to fold , carry and store , which is a huge plus - especially compared to other so-called portable nets . It deploys fairly easily enough , though the support pole set-up is not completely intuitive . The set I puchased had no instructions , so it was n't until after several uses that I completely figured it out . All in all , however , I am pleased with it and would buy another should the need arise .
 This is a good net for kids . Soccer balls work great , and as long as you stand close to it , hitting off a T is ok . The pitching/throwing bag is a nice plus , collecting balls for easy retrieval .
 Got this for my 2 boys - 9 and 10 - they love it ! Using it for pitching practice and for inline hockey practice . Its good quality and folds up easy once you figure out howe it works ! Kids put it up and down themsleves pretty easily . Sturdy when they play as well . The bag for the balls is fun and they score and count how many they get in !
 Been using this net for many months now and works as advertised . Make sure you stake the net well with provided stakes or you 'll get frustrated . My very active boys love it.Recommended.Only draw back is folding back up to a 29 '' circle . Although doable .
 I bought this product by Easton as I have been pleased in the past with their other products . I am pleased with this one , I did have to return it due to a manufacturing defect but the 2nd one was delievered to me faster than the first one was returned . I bought this for my kids as they are 6 & 5 year 's old and take them to the park to throw and kick the balls around , I use it myself as well . My son & daughter like kicking the soccer ball and I use it myself to throw the football at the target . I like the idea that the target can be moved to different levels or removed all together . If you use it regularly it is gon na take a beating , nothing lasts forever as with anything . I think it 's perfect for smaller kids , I think over time the target will rip and the snaps will break with the hitting it takes but that is just common sense to know this before buying . I was happy to see this on display in a store ahead of time but ordered it from Amazon due to having the better price . Folding it back up takes getting use to , do n't bend on it to hard as you fold it up because it looks very easy to destroy or disfigure the poles .
 I have a 6 yo and 4 yo that use this net daily . We use it for everything from catching baseballs hit off a tee , catching golf balls , catching lacrosse balls and soccer balls . It works great at a great price . As the kids get older I am sure we 'll upgrade to a stronger net , but for now it works fantastic.Folding it up was easy . If you ever had one of those auto windshield sun blocks that requires you to cross your arms to fold up , then it is easy to master.The folding feature was one of the main reasons why we bought it . It comes with a great , compact carrying case . Love it .
 This net is very easy to put up and is great for kids to practice pitching without a catcher . I like the versatility of using the net for other sports also .
 Best product we could ever bought for our son who loves every sport . We love the fact it just closes up in its own bag . Great for storage if we can ever store from our son .
 I bought this for my kids ages 9 & 11 to help with their pitching skills . It will also be good for other sports . I think it 's easy to put up after you get the hang of it .
 We bought this to reinforce the children 's understanding of geography . It was not as fun for for my 8 year old but we have driven across the US three times and she knows all of the State capitals and States by site -LRB- shape -RRB- . The Great States game is more fun for her . But it was great for my 5 year old -LRB- boy -RRB- . If your kids are new to US geography then this would be a fun way for them to learn States , Capitals , crops , etc. .
 this is an excellent game for learning about the states . My 4,6 , and 7 year old will play this and not realize that they are doing homework . I home school and what a better way of teaching them about the US . I recommend this game without hesitation .
 As far as bingo games and map games go , my 3 year old daughter loves it ! She likes the pictures that represent what industries are are popular in each state . We played it over and over again when we first got it and though it 's tapered off , she still pulls it out on her own to play . I 'd say that 's a good sign . = -RRB- I should add that my 3 year old has a bizarre affinity for maps , so it might be more appropriate for older kids typically .
 I was concerned that this game would be a little advanced for my just turned five year old . She kept wanting to play Canada ! But we had a total blast , and in just one game she learned a ton . Older kids might get bored , but it is great for the little kids who are right on the cusp of understanding the basics of geography .
 I was surprised at how much my 4 year old son and I enjoy playing this game . He asks to play it all the time . He 'll be turning 5 in June and shows no signs of outgrowing it . And I like that he 's learning a few things about the states . The other day , I was having trouble finding a good song on the radio and he says , `` Mommy , we need some Louisiana jazz ! '' Ha !
 I bought this for my niece and nephew and they absolutely love it . Amazon comes through again with another good product
 Love love love this game , I got this for my kids as they are learning the states and they love this game . It 's easy enough for both my kids to play with different age ranges this is a must !
 Although this game is nominally for ages 5 + , it 's a testament to this game 's design that my 2 - and 4-year-olds , who are often short on patience , genuinely enjoy playing this game , and I enjoy playing it with them . Game play is flexible , the pieces are durable , and the graphics appealing .
 My grandkids love this game . They learn the states and their location as they play the game . Highly recommend this game for any age .
 We ordered this for my home schooled son as an educational game . It 's fab ! We 've played it several times in the past month , and he already knows all the states , and many capitals , and he 's only five ! It 's fun for the adults too , there are lot 's of cards , so you wo n't get bored playing the same cards over and over .
 Length :
 If you want something that will at first shock your friends , then make them laugh , then the Big Mouth Billy Bass is for you . I had this years ago , bought from a local Cracker Barrel , and after my first one was damaged , I did n't see another one for years . I found it again recently on Amazon , and it 's just as funny and entertaining now as it was then . The best way to get your friends is to hang it up somewhere they go , and turn on the motion sensor . It 'll start up on its own . I tried it with my neighbors , and as soon as it started flapping its tail they jumped a mile ! This is a great product , and simple to operate .
 Accept nothing less than Big Mouth Billy Bass singing `` Take Me To The River '' . Absolutely the best !
 This is my 2nd order of Big Mouth Billy Bass . My Team at work loves em , I 'm handing them out as mothly awards . On the other hand , the oompany that Amazon deals with this time , `` Serving Him ! '' does everything sut `` serve you . I have yet to receive delivery of the 3 Big Mouth Billies I ordered . I would never reccommend purchasing anything through Amazon that has the company `` Serving Him ! '' associated with it !!!!! I inquired about delivery and received a wise A ** reply that the mail takes up to 14 days ... Billy Bass is great !!! Serving Him really is BAD
 I would never buy this for a child . It is a fun thing to buy as a gift for a fisherman . We have owned oned for many years , and were n't even sure if they were still around . Our nephew -LRB- 40 + -RRB- got a big kick out of it .
 I got this for my sons birthday . He loved it . Great gift for the fisherman in the family . Would recommend to all !
 The battery cover plate really does n't need to be upgraded to aluminum since there 's no real chance of it breaking . However , this part may change your mind.You can get this part in three different colors , silver , blue , and red . Yes it 's made of aluminum and is slightly lighter then the stock battery cover plate . The only real benefit of getting this , besides it looking nice , is that it has a heat sink built into the top of it to help regulate the temp of your battery . It might not do much , but every little bit counts.Over all , this really is only is for wow factor in making your RC look better . It 's a bit pricey in my opinion but if you have the extra cash , go ahead and get it .
 As with any of the Littlest Pet Shop toys , the child has to be able to provide the story line , etc. . I love these toys because my children will make up all kinds of storylines and background . They will play with them for hours , doing there voices , etc. . These toys are great imagination builders . With this particular toy , the frog does n't actually transfer from circle to circle as well as one would expect . However , the kids still love it .
 I got this as a gift for my niece for christmas . She loves `` Little Pet Shop '' toys and its so hard to find anything she doe n't already own . She feel in love with this gift the moment she saw it .
 A young Barbie doll looks hip and ready for the sock hop in her poodle skirt . The Frank doll bears a remarkable likeness to a young Frank S. performing in the early years of his legendary career . I recommend this item for Barbie doll and or Frank fans of all ages . It is a favorite of viewers of my colection .
 I have been eyeing this up for a while and it was worth the money . Barbie & Frankie are both very beautiful -LRB- although Frank 's clothing is n't very Sinatra-ish -RRB- and this collectable will be very in demand in years to come . Probably not too good for rough play though . I love this !
 Bounce Around Tigger and Roo was a Christmas gift for my 4 yrs old cousin and her 2 yr old sister . Neither of the girls could put it down , and I myself wanted one . This toy is soft , bright in color , and the bouncing motion is funny . He also says Tigger phrases that make him come alive . I highly recommend this toy !
 While out shopping with my 10-month-old daughter , she started screaming and throwing a fit , as babies are wont to do . I looked around frantically for anything to distract her and came upon this wonderful toy . The second Tigger started bouncing , she was like a new child . The look of delight on her face was all the proof I needed that I must buy this now -LRB- suckered again < < sigh > > -RRB- . It continues to be a favorite , and the look of wonderment on her face every time he starts bouncing and singing is worth every penny spent .
 I bought my niece the original bounce around tigger and she loved it so when I saw this one I knew she had to have it too . And I was right she wo n't put it down and now she walks around singing the song Tigger and Roo sing ! If you like Tigger then you 'll love this toy .
 We had the first bouncy Tigger last year , but after ten months of bouncing his legs locked up permanently -LRB- I 've sent him back to the manufacturers to see if they 'll honor their two-yr warranty ! -RRB- , so I bought this one as a replacement . We all love it -- only complaint I have is that he often falls over while he 's bouncing around , esp if he 's on our hardwood floor . I 'm surprised no one else has had this problem .
 We bought the Bounce Around Tigger & Roo as a gift for our 8 month old daughter . She already had the original bouncing Tigger , but she seems to like this one even more . I like the fact that you can make Tigger sing without having to bounce -LRB- by pressing his paw , which at only 8 months , our daughter has figured out how to do it -RRB- . I would highly suggest this for anyone who loves Tigger !
 My son received this and just loves it . He is 16 months old and has learned to use 2 hands to push it down to make it hop . He always dances with it . Great fun and keeps him occupied .
 I have an 8 yr . old disabled child . There are few toys that my disabled child likes and can use . This is one . Tigger finally wore out after 2yrs . Tigger 's legs just froze , while his voice continued with a battery change . I went to ToysRUs to purchase another one and they did n't have it . I was thrilled to find it online . The toy is easy to use and not too loud . The smiles and laughter is brings to a child or even an adult is great fun .
 I love this toy ! Although I 'm 26 yrs old I love this toy ! My mom & I were out Christmas shopping & came across this toy . We spent quite a while playing with it . It just makes you laugh as Tigger sings `` The wonderful thing about tiggers ... '' Except then you just ca n't get that song out of your head ! Guess what my baby is getting for Easter -LRB- if his mommy can wait that long to buy it ! -RRB- ?
 this tigger i bout at a goodwill in st.louis MO. when we bought him his foot was broken and would not bounce . all it turned out was he needed batteries so then he bounced and sang worth the two dollars !!!
 my best friend and i are big big fans of tigger and our birthdays are just a day a part , i have the original bouncing tigger and i justloved it but one day it stoped and i got really saduntill my friend came to me with a early birthday present and it wans tigger and roo my old one turned out it just needed batteries to work again so i bout this one for my friend . we were all very happy . -LSB- did i happen to say that we went as tigger for halloween ? -RSB-
 I had only the Tigger , he did n't have Ru on his shoulder . They are so cute . The only problem was that my ferret , Dipsy , liked him . Dipsy loved it when Tigger bounced and laughed , but afterwards , Dipsy would try to drag Tigger under the bed ! Eventually , Tigger got a rip in his face right between his eyes . He stopped being able to jump and laugh too . : -LRB-
 good for families with more than one toddler/infant . The slide does n't really work - we do n't really blow it up and the water sprayer was only once in use . Overall - the grandkids love it .
 My granddaughter is 2 and this was for her birthday . She loved the shallow end . My son is 36 and very much challenged but really likes the water . He uses the deeper end . Perfect for the both of them . It took about 30 minutes to inflate with a hand pump and about another 20 minutes to fill with water . The built-in water drains do n't work all that great since they 're on the bottom of the pool and the weight of the water prevents the water from draining . So just push down on one side of the pool and the water spills over the top . Altogether takes about 10 minutes to drain .
 Great pool , huge enough for a family . We have a one year old baby boy , and the lower part of the pool is perfert for him . The slide worked for a 5 year old girl . We celebrate our soon 1st B-day with 8 kids inside this pool . Lots of fun . Great the basket ring .
 This is a great pool - the kids have a lot of fun in it . And it 's nice because the 3.5 year old twins can play in the `` deep '' end and the 10 month old can splash around in the shallow end.The problems : You ca n't blow the `` slide '' up enough for it to actually BE a slide . Since the kids did n't ever know it was supposed to be a slide , they use it as a seat instead , and seem to be just fine with that.Same with the hoop part , it 's always a little saggy , but the kids do n't seem to mind that either.You also ca n't attach a hose to it very well . As soon as you turn the water on , the hose shoots off.For the price , this is a lot of pool - just do n't expect all of the `` bells and whistles '' to work , and you wo n't be disappointed .
 i did n't expect much but it was great last summer . My 2 year old son and his friends loved it . SO did the dog who chewed on it and by some miracle did n't tear it . Great value !
 I have a 5 yr . old and a 1 yr . old and they both love this pool ! I love that it is 2 pools in 1 . My 5 yr old plays basketball and the ring toss in the less shallow water in one pool while my 1 yr . old loves the small slide in the second shallower pool .
 These little critters are so cute and the hot toy of the year with the pre-school set . My 5 year old adores them and the babies are so cute . Mini magnet make it seem like you are `` feeding '' your littlest pet .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I add that `` beauty is in the eye of the beholder . '' It is simply the aesthetics of the `` Littlest Pet Shop '' ! I guarantee that her child -LRB- if s/he actually likes LPS -RRB- will love it . One of my girls got this for her 6th birthday and all of the other kids were soooo jealous as it is adorable and the feeding `` action '' is Very Cute ! It does more than most LPS dolls which simply bob their head ! It is also sturdier than some of the LPS sets I 've seen . So , basically , if you like LPS , this is a Must-Have IMHO .
 I am very pleased with this product . I would recommend this product to all my friends . The price was a lot cheaper than all the retail stores that sold this product.thanks
 Easy to setup and breakdown . Very durable . Great for travel teams or just hitting at home . Tall and wide enough to not worry about missing the net .
 Excellent product . Portable . 1st time taking it down can be tricky . It helps to watch a video on youtube . Overall an excellent training net .
 This net is very durable and has worked great . But , I still have trouble folding it up , most likely secondary to me , but it is tricky . Now it just set it up against the wall and then unfold when needed . Very sturdy in wind so far , but a stiff wind will knock this over .
 The net is pretty big , this combined with the `` pop up '' nature of the product makes it impossible for my son to set up/take down on his own . Makes it even a little hard for mom and dad getting the twists/folds just right to get it back in the carrying bag . It 's holding up ok for as much as we do use it .
 I recently purchased the net . It is a good piece of equipment to have . I have four kids and they all use it . It has been a GREAT help for them and would highly recommend the net to anyone . The only thing that kept me from giving it five stars is folding it up takes a little getting used to but once you figure it out it is not too bad .
 Bought this net for my son and his LL team . Easy set up , just follow directions when folding up . The only drawback I can see is that the support poles get easily dented from balls ricocheting off them . It is my hope that I will be able to procure extra sets of poles , because it is truly a fantastic hitting aid .
 I play Pony baseball and I bought this net to improve my swing . This net is good for hitting off a tee or for soft toss . It drops the balls very quickly after being hit . It is a very large net and not easy to hit past . Overall this is a pretty good net , but if you hit a pop up it sometimes goes over the net . I used it in windy weather and it sometimes still fell over with the steaks in the ground . Definitely a good value compared to others I looked at .
 Another coach I worked with used one of these . I liked it , so I bought my own . I 'm past the half-way mark on the second season of using this with a Little League team , and I 'm very happy with it.Like with other `` pop-up '' type products , there 's a trick to getting it to fold up . I 've found it works best if you lay it on the ground , then fold the bottom-left corner up to the top-right . Two loops form to the sides . Grab those , and gently guide them back into a circle.If you force it , you can twist the bars inside , and undoing that could be a hassle . But , done right , it folds up fast . I use this for soft-toss in the outfield right before a game , and I can fold it up and get it into the bag in about a minute.The only downside I have noticed , which is why this gets 4 stars and not 5 , is that the zipper on the bag on both models I 've seen has broken . It 's not that big of a deal , because the bag comes with velcro straps to close it up , which work good enough.I now keep this net in the trunk of my car , and use it at every practice and game - I 've probably used it over 100 times . Recommended .
 I was looking for a net for my four year old who plays every sport imaginable . I wanted something that could easily pop up and break down . One that was tall enough for my son to hit balls into ... well , basically do its job.I read all of the reviews here.I 've realized that it is getting bad reviews because of breakdown . I was actually intimidated at first . But then ... there was a light bulb that went off in my head . DUH ! YouTube !! Sure enough , the company has a video on how to set it up and break it down . I watched the video about five times in slow motion and got it . Piece of cake . the trick really is in the top half when folded . The corners should NOT meet up . -LSB- ... -RSB- I 'm giving this a four out of five because when breaking it down , one of the poles tension cord broke off . No biggie , but it was NOT supposed to happen.Love it !!!
 I 've read some of the other reviews and I do n't understand why people have so much trouble folding this thing up . It folds up very easily for me . I just followed the directions and its very easy to fold up . Maybe these people are the kind that refuse to read directions.It 's a great value for the price -LRB- $ 99 -RRB- . I 've used it for over a year now with 7-8 year olds , and it 's worked great . There has been 1 small tear in the net , and I tied it up with a piece of string . It does not work very well when it 's windy , but that 's because of the light weight and portability . The carrying case needs to be redesigned . The zipper on it broke within the first couple uses , but this is not really a big deal because it has velcro closures also as a backup . The case has torn several holes in the bottom , and I 've had to try to patch it up with duct tape , which looks tacky.So there are a few things that could be better designed , but as for functionality , it has been well worth the price I paid for it .
 As a coach , I believe a portable backstop is CRUCIAL to my team 's success . I went through quite a few backstops before I settled on the Easton 7-foot Pop-Up Catch net . The three qualities I looked for were portability , durability and easy setup , and this backstop provides all three . My fastpitch softball teams have hit literally thousands -LRB- over 15,000 so far , actually -RRB- of 12 '' softballs into the netting -LRB- and dozens clanking off the sides -RRB- with almost no wear . One person can easily set it up and take it down in a couple of minutes -LRB- though as with all Pop-Up merchandise , there is a trick to getting it to fold into the right shape -RRB- . Another feature that makes it # 1 in my book is that at 7 feet tall , it is the largest portable backstop I have seen . This is an important safety factor , as we often have to set up our batting stations in a limited area waiting on the game before us to finish . The last thing you want to deal with before a game is an errant ball conking someone on the head because your backstop was too small to catch the pop fly that your player accidentally hit.I have had the Easton 7-foot Pop-Up Catch Net for two plus seasons of hard use , and the carrying bag is starting to tear at the handles . I would recommend that Easton make this carry bag out of the same material as their Pop-Up Playback Trainer 's carry bag , which seems to be of higher quality.The reason this product gets 4 stars instead of 5 from me is that the fold-down instructions that come with the Catch Net are , frankly , awful . I almost returned it because I could n't get it to fold down by following the directions , until another coach showed me how to do it -LRB- Thanks , Kim !! -RRB- . The real way to fold down the Catch Net bears no resemblance to the instructions provided . Improve the instructions for folding down the net , and I think Easton would have an excellent , as opposed to good , product .
 This net does everything it should ; however , it is very very hard to fold and put away when done using it . There have been times when I 've gotten very frustrated and have been closed to throwing it away just because I ca n't fold it . If this net was easier to fold , it would be worth every penny .
 This product is great very easy to put up and take down . I would suggest the 7 ' versus 5 ' all day . Makes a big difference . The only issue for this is when it is windy and the wind is coming from behind . I have added some stakes and bungees to strap it down when this occurs .
 If you have priced bookshelves you will know they are not cheap . This one looks great and was one of the cheapest I could find for what we wanted . My daughter is 19 months and she can easily reach both shelves to look at her books in her bedroom . Very sturdy . Very pleased !
 Was looking for a nice bookcase for my 4 year old daughter 's room . I wanted it to hold a good amount of books , be sturdy , and not take up a lot of space . This is perfect ! Nice piece for the price . And its not a boring white box . So happy with this purchase . We put all her books in it and still have room . When she walked in her room and seen it with her books she was so excited . She said , `` Surprise , Ava 's library . '' She jumped up and down for a while . I did n't expect her to get so excited for a book shelf . It can work as a nightstand but a bit taller than a nightstand . But we put her Shrek alarm clock radio on top of it .
 I purchased this bookcase for me not for any child.It is really well made . Looks GREAT . I just ordered a second one to have one on each side of a large bedroom window to set a lamp on and to store my shoes and boots . The first one is working great for that . Easy to put together as long as you pay atttention and do things in the correct order . I just noticed there is a taller one in cherry now I may need to get that one too , never enough storage at my house .
 We bought this to use in my kitchen as a toaster-oven stand and to put cookbooks and other things underneath . It was very easy for my wife to put together -LRB- it took her less than an hour while I was still at work -RRB- and it looks great ! We will hopefully get a second use out of it once we decide to have kids but it also works great in other rooms of the house .
 This bookshelf was easy to put together and goes very well with any type of furniture . It is just the right size for my twin toddlers to stack their books .
 I wish the shelves were a little sturdier , but this is what I expected for the low price . It looks nice !
 This shelf was very easy to put together and is a good value . It is definitely not a in the same league as a pottery barn kids shelf , but for the price , it was a great solution for us for our baby 's room to store larger books and a basket of toys .
 Got this for our nursery ... pleased with everything . Easy set up . Perfect size . V. happy for what we got for the price .
 This is a great book shelf for a small room -LRB- bought this one for our son -RRB- . It was easy to put together -LRB- took me about 20 minutes -RRB- . I like how the back slides in rather than being nailed . It is very sturdy and holds the bigger books . I also like the height of ths one . We plan on buying one more for our daughters room .
 Cute little book case . However , we were disappointed in the quality , very thin and flimsy . You can also see the screws on the sides , which we did not want and you can not see in the pictures . Probably would have sent it back , but my husband had already put it all together before he called me up to tell me his dislike for it . Oh well , like I said before , it looks very cute in our daughter 's -LRB- 2yo -RRB- room and holds her books well , so I really can not complain that it is doing it 's job -LRB- so far , only 2 months in -RRB- . We have had a pretty good track record with KidKraft so far , fingers crossed .
 I really like this bookshelf . It is small , but thats what we were looking for . We just needed a place to put the lamp , and we wanted our daughter to have easy access to her books . My only complaint is that the screw holes on the sides are a little too visible .
 I needed a small sturdy bookcase for the upstairs hallway . I liked the look of these so I bought one . It was well packaged with each part numbered and the hardware neatly laid out in its own package , making it easy to check that everything was there before you started . For anyone who has put together cam-lock furniture , this was child 's play to put together with a clear diagram . It might take a little more effort for someone who is not used to this type of construction , as there were no written instructions , only pictures . In addition , there was a strap safety packet included in the packaging , presumably to attach the bookcase to a wall so a child could not pull it down and be injured , but there was no instruction on that , but I did n't need it for my purposes.The look of the bookcase overall was nice , but not perfect . There was a bit of a gap between some of the decorative parts , but nothing glaring . The bolts that hold the shelving unit together are painted white , and the paint tends to chip a bit when you tighten them . I did n't have any problem with the alignment of the parts , although a couple of the bolts bound a little when being screwed into their counterparts -LRB- do n't know what these are called , not really a cam-lock , not really a nut -RRB- . I was a little worried that that shelves , which were about a quarter of an inch thick , would not be sturdy enough for my books , but they seem to be quite strong and I have n't had any problems . I ended up buying three of them .
 I have had this bookcase for months now and have found it has held up well and was a good purchase . I had no difficulty putting it together either . Still looks nice and new .
 It easy to setup -LRB- about 15 - 20 mins -RRB- and it is very sturdy . We have it packed with kids books and topped with a humidifier and lamp , it deals with all of it with aplomb . Not to much more you can say about a good small book shelf .
 This bookcase is great for a child 's bedroom . It is sturdy , small and holds a surprising amount of books . Highly recommended .
 Was easy to put together and looks good . Does not look flimsy or cheep and fits nicely with other semi gloss white furniture .
 This exactly matches the bedroom set my daughter has , and fits perfectly into her bedroom . It 's well made for the price . Great find .
 I put this product together myself , which means it was relatively simple . Was in good shape and seems durable . Shipped here several days before they said it would be here .
 The bookcase is solid and good quality . Very easy to assemble . It is a little smaller than I anticipated , but still works for us . Overall , great product !
 I needed a smaller-sized bookcase for my kitchen . Although listed as a child 's bookcase , this 2-shelf bookcase was the perfect size and design ! I now have the ideal bookcase for my cookbooks . For rating purposes , this item should not be categorized as a `` toy , '' as the questions are not applicable to the product . I give it an overall 4-star rating for durability , workmanship and appearance .
 Very nice bookcase , matches the doors in the house , and fits a lot of books all sizes . Sturdy and classy . Great price on Amazon !
 I 've been looking for a bookcase for my daughter 's room for a while . This one has good reviews and amazon had the lowest price . I received it today which was a few days earlier than expected . Unfortunately , when I opened the box , there were scratches on some of the pieces of wood . I did n't want to wait for another bookcase so amazon gave me a partial refund . It was easy to put together but not to mount to the wall . I had to use a mounting kit from babies r us instead . All said and done it 's nice and priced good but I would 've liked it to be wider and a little more sturdy .
 When I first opened the bookcase I thought it was going to be too small , but after I filled it with my kids ' books I realized it was perfect . The extra molding on the front makes it pretty and it feels very sturdy . It even comes with the hardware to attach it to the wall . It was very easy to assemble . Overall I am very happy with this purchase and I am ordering a second right now .
 I found what I was looking for in this bookshelf ; sturdy , roomy , and inexpensive . I needed something for our 4 year old 's books , which can be larger than other books . I also wanted something that could serve as a storage shelf and nightstand as she got older . This will serve those needs nicely . It is very pretty and she enjoyed using temporary wall stickers to decorate it.I gave it 4 stars for a few reasons
 It 's a bookcase ... it 's not fun or educational ... but does hold plenty of books and stuffed animals for our 2 yr old twin girls . They have the white Nantucket table and chairs/bench set too so they look great together in thier bedroom . Its a nice size 2 shelf bookcase ... taller then I expected . And it 's not oo heavy ... easy for me to move when cleaning .
 I bought this for my grandson 's room . It is easy to put together and fits perfectly into the nursery . Top shelf make a good side table . I plan on buying another for my house . Very durable . Top is solid wood .
 We bought this product as a baby shower gift and the recipients loved it ! It was easy to put together , durable , the shelves depth & height fit the big , hardcover children 's books and the style adds a personal touch !
 This bookcase is sturdy , cute and offers plenty of room to store my daughter 's books . She 's 3 , and it 's the perfect size and should last a while . Plus the price was right ! I would highly recommend !
 I bought this bookcase to put in our nursery for our new baby boy . I searched the web high and low and realized this was the best option . I like the wanscotting , because it adds a nice touch without being too overpowering , and it is the perfect size for a small nursery . It was not too hard to put together once I got the hang of it , and it also seems pretty sturdy for put together furniture . Overall not a bad choice for the price .
 I bought this to put in my toddler 's room . It is stark white , and her cottage furniture is off-white so I plan on painting it to match . But for $ 50 you ca n't find a better deal . Do n't get me wrong , it does n't have intricate molding details but the wainscoting does add a punch that most other $ 50 dollar bookcases do n't have . I also put 2 small pink wicker baskets from Land of Nod on the bottom shelf and they fit perfectly . Good size for little ones .
 Have had this bookshelf for almost two years now . It was easy to assemble and has held up very well . Searched a lot of places and this one had the best measurements for our room and storing those large board books . Plus , can use it as a nightstand . Not sure what 's out there these days , but would highly recommend this one . I want to get another for my 2nd son now .
 We bought this for our daughter 's nursery and I am very happy with it . It took a little getting used to to assemble , but once we got the hang of it , it was very easy . I like that the back panels side in and are not nailed to the back . They will not pop off over time . It 's a nice size and sturdy . We are purchasing a second one because we have too many books .
 We were looking for a small bookcase for our toddler 's bedroom . It arrived in great shape , with all of its bits in place . I put it together in less than 20 minutes and it was a breeze . The case stands to about her shoulder height and it 's just about as wide as a little night stand . We are ordering a second one for the other side of her bed , for symmetry and more organization -LRB- she has decided to house her stuffed animals as well -RRB- . I would recommend this to anyone concerned with tidying up a bit with a small , sturdy piece that does not tip over . It came with a wall mount , for extra safety , but honestly the case is perfectly level and does not move .
 Very happy with this bookcase . We got it for a baby shower and painted on the top and sides the baby room theme . The case was sturdy and the right size for a baby 's room . Putting it together was very simple , just follow the directions . The baby `` s mom was very please and loved it .
 I 'm not a kid ! But I wanted this size bookcase in my kitchen which has wainscoat . I love it ! It took 2 of us to patiently and carefully put it together , but once done it was sturdy and works great for my needs - and my cookbooks . It 's roomier than it looks .
 The book shelf is absolutely beautiful and great quality . I bought it for a school auction item that we filled with students favorite books . The bookcase would have cost double to make from scratch . It looks hand crafted and was easy to assemble . Amazing price for such quality .
 This is a cute little shelf . It 's the perfect size for my toddler 's room . It holds a lot of her books nicely and she is able to take the books off the shelf and put them back on easily by herself .
 Easy Assembly . Sturdy . We put colorful boxes on the shelves and put toys in them in my son 's room . I probably would have paid a little more for it , too . It does n't look junky ... probably do to the decorative front .
 We bought this for both price and appearance and we 're not disappointed . The review form is asking me about it as if it 's a toy . It 's not a toy , guys.What it is a nice little piece of furniture for the price .
 Really cute ; looks good ; nice nightstand ; perfect size . I bought this nightstand for my 5 YO son . He really likes to put things in it , and call it his own :-RRB- . So far very durable - had for about 2 months or so . Nice color - true red . Works well with his train theme and will continue with whatever theme we go to next . Easy to put together - I did it by myself . Had to only switch the doors since I put them on upside down , and they did n't line up with the plastic clip that keeps them closed . Great price and free shipping too .
 This was a pretty great deal . Free shipping too ? Ca n't beat it . The only thing I did n't like is that the lip that borders the top of the locker . It is also made of wood . But really great , looks cute , and beats Ikea 's price by almost half . Plus , it only took about 25 minutes to put together . Definitely worth your while .
 Item shipped quite quickly and all pcs were marked clearly and we got it put together very quickly . Great primary red color goes great in the kids sports theme room ... Sturdy construction . Kids love that they have a night table that looks like a locker ...
 My 4 year old son loves his `` Secret '' locker . It does not lock but he feels like he can keep personal things inside away from his little brother . This was easy to put together . I would but this again .
 I bought this for my daughter . Nice size for her room . Good quality for the price .
 This is a great gift for a child ! My daughter loves to have her friends over to play HSM . It was very easy to assemble and I didnt have any residue on mine as the last reviewer did . Mine is white and couldnt be happier with my purchase .
 I purchased this locker for my 6 year old son . He wanted a locker to secure his hidden treasurers . It is sturdy , easy to put together , a perfect fit next to his bed and I dual use it as a night stand ! So worth the money . I would recommend this item .
 Bought this for my niece to put all her American Girl doll clothes in BUT herDad had other ideas . It now holds all her sports ' equipment , soccer stuff , softball and now basketball .
 My grandson loves his football locker . It went together easily and is very sturdy . The compartments are big enough to hold some football gear too .
 My husband said this item was very easy to put together . This should be something that can be used for several years .
 This little locker was purchased to serve as a support for one end of my son 's desktop in his Spiderman room . Good solid construction . Everything lined up and assembled just right . No complaints at all .
 Though the pre-drilled holes were in some areas not exactly lined up right , my husband was able to easily improvise . Otherwise , this product seems quite durable . It looks very nice in my son 's sport themed room . We are using it as a nightstand , and it is perfect ! I would highly recommend it !
 very well made product . i bought two of the blue ones for my sons room -- he LOVES them . easy to put together , shipped perfectly , lots of storage space on the inside .
 What a great locker ! It is simple enough to assemble and made out of thick wood . After I put it together -LRB- Took me about 45 minutes -RRB- I was very impressed . It stands about 2 feet tall with thick doors and sides and feels very solid . The color is nice and rich , the doors open and close smoothly and the casters are a plus . This is a nice little storage cabinet and nice quality .
 We played this game with the whole family and enjoyed alot.Pro : - Easy to understand ! - Includes hard plastic pawns-unique game IdeaCons : - Box breaks easily-pieces are small -LRB- easy to loose -RRB- Overall
 i ordered this for my brother who lives with my elderly parents . he plays by phone with two of his friends . my parents need constant supervision and cant be left alone so this is a nice distraction for him . thank you for such fast shipping and a great product .
 I am not a huge fan of dice in games due to the fact that the dice themselves can have too much control on the outcome . But the dice in this game are used in a very creative way ; they simply determine how many of each resource are available each turn . Each player gets to choose a resource , and low numbers can be every bit as beneficial as high numbers . It 's a load of fun seeing nine dice rolled each turn and what becomes available as a result . Your plan of which resources you are going to claim has more influence on your final score than the actual rolls . Sometimes the decisions you make -LRB- `` should I take cubes to add to a market or should I take a card or should I use the supervisor to move cubes to the caravan ? '' -RRB- are tough to make . Sometimes you have to grab something simply to keep an opponent from getting what he/she wants . The game does an excellent job of keeping everyone involved the entire time.The artwork and components of the game are nice to look at and add to the fun of the game . You may want to invest in a decent dice cup though ; its tough to roll nine dice in your hand at once . The cup that comes with Farkel works well -LRB- I bought Farkel just for the dice cup ... I never actually play Farkel -RRB- . The boards and pieces in the game are all well made and should hold up for a long time.Its possible to be confused a bit by the rules . I had to read them twice to wrap my head around them . I would highly recommend going to youtube and looking up `` Board games with Scott
 Wonderful board game for the family . Keeps everyone actively looking for options so no two games end the same .
 Has some complexity but plays light.Nice dice mechanism.Offers long fun -LRB- played -LRB- 30 + matches -RRB- . Good rule and material .
 The cart does not look that durable but my granddaughter has played with it a lot and it is still holding up very well .
 I got this for my Fiance 's neice . She was getting the My Little Pony Castle , and I thought this would be a nice addition . The description when I found this was a bit sketchy , so I thought I would leave a review with a better description . I was pleasantly surprised with how it looked when I received it . The Dining Room Set is a nice size -LRB- bigger than it looks in the picture -RRB- and has a sparkly table skirt . The kit contains 4 placesettings , 6 desserts , a teacart , 4 tea cups w / saucers , a tea pot , and the table . The packages says that when the pony touches heart , the tabletop flips to reveal yummy treats .
 There are so many wonderful things for your ponies to do with this fantastic toy ! They can eat a cherry glace cake , nibble pink cupcakes with minute sprinkles , eat some fruit , angel cake garnished with strawberries , and so many other delicious foods with extraordinary detail . They can have tasty tea in their little embellished cups with individual saucers poured from their purple kettle , or they can put their hooves on the magnet and make the centre of the table flip right over to another tasty meal ! The table has a gauzy pink cloth , and has little spirals and hearts decorating it . It comes with an adorable tea cart with moving wheels and a fake doily . There are so many delicious treats for your ponies to eat , each one with astounding detail for such little toys . They have holes in the plates so you can stick them onto the pegs on the table and they stay secure . It holds four adult ponies and at least three baby ponies -LRB- `` foals '' I guess -RRB- . It is quite pretty and a great time to play with . No pony is included . Please do n't pay more than $ 5 for this !! I got this and a bed for ponies at Wal-Mart for 5 each !
 This is a beuatiful dining set . True , it does n't come with the pony as it clearly states in the product description , but we have too many already . Anyway , I would recommend it for the crystal princess castle or you can even use this with other doll houses .
 great set , a must have to complete the crystal rainbow castle . comes with cute accessories , including the tea cart that really rolls ! i definitely recommend this to all my little pony fans and i 'm glad we were able to find this here as it is sold out at every store . thank you .
 This was a gift for my daughter and its perfect she loves it the colors are bright and the puzzle is easy !
 This puzzle was ordered for my grandchildren and arrived in good condition and fast shipping time . They really enjoy playing with it too !
 Thicker than most beginner puzzles . The large knobs are easy for little hands to grab , and make for a good teether toy . My older child likes this puzzle also . The three pieces have pictures in the `` holes '' so you can match the piece needed by color also .
 Puzzle is of excellent quality , nice and chunky for little hands to manipulate with ease . The colors are very vivid . Just a great toy for your little one .
 I got this puzzle for my 7-month old son . As soon as the wrapping paper was off on Christmas morning he was reaching for the knobs trying to pull the pieces out , he could barely wait for my husband to get the cellophane off so he could grab them . He loves to pick up the pieces out of the puzzle . He 's not old enough yet to put them back in , but they do slip into place easily for me .
 The jumbo knobs made it easy for toddler hands to grip and place in and out of puzzle . The bright colors kept her intriuged for hours .
 My one year old seems to really enjoy the bright and colorful puzzle pieces and the knobs allow him to easily grasp the pieces . The one downside to the puzzle -LRB- and as mentioned in a previous review -RRB- the wood is a bit soft so after banging the puzzle pieces together -LRB- the first time he played with it -RRB- the puzzle showed wear pretty much immediately .
 It is a great puzzle series for little hands . My 1 year old grandson loves to pick up the pieces and play peek with what is underneath . It is one of his favorite toys . He can play peek , learn motor skills putting the pieces back and clack them together to make noise !
 This is a great puzzle to start your toddler on . The knobs are nice and big for easy grasping and the shapes and colors really hold my daughters attention . Great toy - especially since it 's a good old fashioned puzzle . Highly recommend this one !
 My son received this puzzle for his 2nd birthday and he absolutely loves it !! We have since purchased two more Melissa and Doug Puzzles . This is a wonderful product . Do n't hesitate to purchase one , you will be very pleased .
 This is an extremely durable puzzle with pieces that fit well , but not too tightly , into their places - providing an excellent challenge for my one-year-old .
 My 15 month old daughter loves the large knobs on this colorful puzzle . Being fascinated with animals and aquatic life makes this puzzle a real draw for her . Although she struggles to get the pieces back in the puzzle due to her limited dexterity at this time , it does n't deter her from playing with it at all ! She has discovered that the pieces make great noise makers , too , when they are clapped together . The wood is a bit soft ; so it will show indentations over time . However , it is holding up well so far ... even through teething !
 This is great for a first puzzle . Between 11 and 12 months my daughter started becoming interested in putting items in boxes so I bought her some Melissa and Doug puzzles after doing my research -LRB- although some of these are made in china they undergo strict testing -RRB- . The large wooden nobs are great for little fingers to grab and very durable .
 My daughter is 1 , and just loves to play with the puzzle pieces . The knobs are just the right size for her to firmly grab onto -LRB- the bad thing is they 're the same size as our cabinet handles so now she wants to grab those too - we still need to baby-proof -RRB- . She clacks them together and makes `` music '' smashing them back down onto the wooden form of the puzzle . I was amazed that she actually puts them back into their correct spots when she 's done clanking and playing with them . I thought that part would come later . I also like that there 's only 3 critters on the puzzle , so she wo n't easily get confused when I tell her what they are .
 I like that these puzzles are a good first puzzles for a toddler . It 's sturdy , simple , and the knobs make it easy to hold . Our 9 month old does n't understand the idea of fitting the pieces back into the base yet , but nevertheless , she enjoys holding the 3 large knob pieces , sliding them around , and clanking them together . The only slight downside is that she also likes to chew on them , and it causes noticeable wear and tear around the edges , plus I do n't want her to ingest anything from the puzzle . To preserve the puzzle , I take it away for short spells , especially if she 's teething and more apt to chew on it .
 My daughter received this puzzle for her first birthday . It is huge hit . There were several other babies there and they all were interested in the puzzle . My daughter ca n't always make the pieces fit in but she can match the animals .
 I purchased this puzzle for my daughter 's first birthday . She has spent many hours playing with the pieces and learning to name the animals . The large knobs make it easy for her tiny fingers to pick up and replace the peices . She is now 14 months old and already knows the names of each of the animals and where they belong ! This is a great learning tool for toddlers and lots of fun ! The quality is unmatched !
 I bought several of these wooden puzzles and have been very pleased with each one . My grandson has enjoyed playing with them.They are very durable and should last a long time .
 My son is 11 months old ... and already he is trying to put the pieces where they belong . This is very high quality and durable ... just a perfect addition to our `` toy collection ! ''
 Our one year old son is very tough on his toys and this puzzle holds up great ! He loves to play with it both to bang the pieces together and trying to put it together . Great product !
 and this one is no exception . Have a few of the jumbo know puzzles - they are awesome for the toddler set . My son started playing with these when he was about 11 months and played with them frequently until he was about 2 1/2 . Got a little too easy then but still enjoyed pulling them out when his cousins came over . These have been thrown , chewed on -LRB- by both child and dog -RRB- and generally mistreated but still are in great condition . I highly recommend any Melissa & Doug product as we have n't had a bad one yet !
 This is one toy we never put away ! Big sturdy pieces , easy to manipulate , very baby friendly .
 This puzzle was an impulse buy . But was well worth it . The pieces are large and on knobs so my little one was able to use it easily . There are only three pieces so its easy to store and keep it all together .
 This is a darling puzzle . We recently bought it for our niece , and now I wish that I had bought one for my daughter when she was a little younger ! I love how the pieces are different enough so that they wo n't cause too much confusion , and the colors are so bright !
 My 0ne-year old son likes this puzzle but is n't totally into it yet . The pieces are durable and fun to look at . He enjoys carrying them around .
 this is terrific for the under 2 crowd . The large knobs make it easy for them to gram and push into place .
 This is a very simple puzzle , but great for 12 month olds . They love the shapes and colors and the big knobs make the pieces fun to old and chew on . Very sturdy .
 I 've ordered plenty of things from Melissa & Doug so was n't sure what to really expect but this was great . I like how big they are and that the wood is smooth .
 I purchased this for my three year old grandson who has cerebral palsy . The knobs on it are just the right size for him to grab . He has hours of enjoyment with it , screeches with delight when he succeeds in putting the piece back into place .
 This type of knob puzzle was recommended for my granddaughter to bolster very early fine motor skill development . It is very colorful , very sturdy , very attractive , very well manufactured and fitted , and very easy to use . Apparently , it is very fun . I have no cons for this product .
 This wooden puzzle will surely be my grandson 's favorite.The brilliant colors , along with the wooden knobs make this a gem for little hands and eyes .
 As with most other Melissa & Doug products this puzzle is well made and great for a baby/young toddler . The knobs on the puzzle are large and easy to handle and the bright colors are very attaractive . The puzzle is very sturdy and can handle a toddler throwing it and the pieces around . My 20 month old daughter loves playing with it and I love watching her learn how to put all the pieces in . This puzzle is a great tool to increase a child 's fine motor skills .
 Great starter puzzle . My son loved this puzzle when he was 12 months . It also helped with learning his basic colors .
 Excellent quality and durable.good educational toy . Kids will enjoy . Big size knob is a added feature . So much fun . Will be a favourite toy too .
 My 9 month old loves this puzzle ! Have been extremely pleased with all Melissa and Doug products ! Would highly recommend it .
 Super cute puzzle ! My 1 year old does n't exactly get it yet , but he tries to put the pieces back . I 'm sure he 'll get it in due time . I plan on getting another -LRB- or two ! -RRB- chunky M&D puzzles for him . These are great !
 Love this puzzle ! The large pieces and knobs make it easier for my daughter -LRB- age 1 -RRB- to play . Would definitely recommend !
 My child loves these puzzles . He got these for his first birthday and he is 20 months now and he still loves them . The knobs are big for him to handle and the pieces are easy to put into their spots . I would highly recommend these puzzles to anyone with young children .
 This is my daughters first puzzle . She is 17 months old . She had a lot of fun with this puzzle . She does not have the patience or coordination to actually put it together , but I know with time and exposure this puzzle will be a great learning tool for that . It is simple and reduces frustration with the large peices with the handles . This is is a very well constructed toy . I am glad I bought it . There will be more in the future .
 Very durable . Pieces have been the mouth and all over the house without any issue . Would definitely recommend this item .
 Bought this for my 12 month old for Christmas . He is only interested in throwing the pieces right now but this is a good durable learning toy to grow with .
 This is a good first puzzle . It is great for practicing fine motor and hand-eye coordination . Also , my son is 12 mo. old and likes to chew everything . This puzzle is sturdy and he does n't chew away the pictures !
 Several of our friends had the Melissa & Dough brand puzzles . I like this one because of the good reviews it got , but also because it 's big and easy to use for small hands just learning shapes . After only a few days , he managed to put the crab piece back once . It made me wonder if I had waited too long to buy it !
 My kids love Star Wars , and so they 're happy with any figure . She 's more durable than others in that she has n't lost her limbs as easily as C3PO and the storm troopers have.But she is UGLY ! Even my 5-year-old said , `` Is this a man ? '' I think they used a mold for a male figure and just added the hair and dress .
 It is hard to find an action figure of Princess Leia and this one was a big hit with my grandson ! It arrived in time and in perfect condition .
 My six year old grandson loves all things Pokemon . He loved this and asked me to keep an eye out for other Pokemon figures in the ball . So far , I 've not found any .
 This is a very cute set . Includes a bed with canopy , a pillow , a blanket , a sleep mask , a tiara for the pony , slippers and a dresser . The bed and the dresser have drawers with the heart on them which open up when a pony places her foot on the heart - very neat . This bedroom set would be a nice addition to the crystal princess castle , but it 's fun to play with just by itself too .
 This is a great my little pony bedroom set , comes with fun accessories . I like how the drawers open up on the furniture when the pony 's foot touches them . I 'm glad we were able to find this item here , because these are sold out at all the stores and I needed this set to complete my crystal princess castle !
 This is a great my little pony bedroom set - it comes with fun accessories and I especially like the bed , it really is made for a princess . thank you .
 This is not just a bed ! No pony is included , but I have way too many already :-RRB- Here is what it comes with : A velvety blanketPillowFour slippersDresserSleep MaskThe dresser has a real drawer to hold tiny books if you made some . The bed has a drawer that the pony can open by putting her foot on the magnet . The bed is purple and has a quilted effect . The sleep mask is plastic and bright pink , and it has closed eyes on it . I absolutely adore this toy because you can have practically endless fun with it putting the ponies to bed . The blanket and pillow are really soft and cuddly too . The bed has a built in canopy made out of scratchy , glittery pink veil . It 's very fun to play with this toy -- I would highly recommend buying it . It is the perfect accessory for the Crystal Princess castle , but it is tons of fun on its own . It fits lots of baby ponies , or one adult pony . Please do n't buy for the Amazon price -- I got two sets at Wal Mart for 5 bucks each .
 My kid has typed in the following review : `` I think this toy is fun because with the soft animal comes a secret code that will enable you to go online and play fun games , decorate your room with furniture by earning kinzcash the Webkinz currency , and feed your virtual pet . You can make friends with other users and invite them to your virtual rooms or room . You can have as many webkinz as you want . When you buy a webkinz you will get an exclusive item and 2000 kinzcash with it to feed and decorate you room . Webkinz world has a newspaper and fun activities you can do . Some of the fun things to do are go to the arcade to do some fun games , go to the tournament arena to go against other users , go to Quizzy 's Question Corner to learn about educational things while earning kinzcash , the employment office to get extra money while helping webkinzs , go to the clubhouse to just sit and chat and the charm forest to look for cool charms for your pet to wear . I love the white poodle as it looks cute . ''
 I bought this because I thought it would be fun to play with online for my 5 year old daughter . My daughter loves the toy itself and sleeps with the dog every night . It seems pretty durable . The online world for these pets though seems a little too hard for little kids to be able to do on their own . Also hate the fact that Webkinz has chatrooms . I thought it would just be little games for the kids to play , but you have to be able to read and answer questions in order to earn money for your online pet , so parents have to plan to spend time answering goofy trivia questions . Just not what I was expecting . Seems more geared towards older kids or even adults . So if you have little ones , I would buy it just for the toy and not for the online stuff .
 Got 5 of these in such great condition and I ca n't believe the price . Good follow-up from vendor , shipping and receiving within 5 days . Lots of fun for kids , but beware , they are addictive ! You 'll be buying more and fighting for computer time !
 I just bought this for my 6-year-old . It has helped her expand her reading vocabulary and makes her think ! She REALLY enjoys her Webkinz !
 I 've had this Webkinz for more then a year and she 's had no holes ! Very durable ! She is very tiny but still very cute . I named mine Princess ! Online she looks adorable !
 I have the Webkinz full-sized poodle , an she looked like she needed some company of the same species . So when I found this Lil ' Kinz at this cheap price , I could n't pass it by !! I named her Ainsley and after my dog chewed her for a while , she was still intact . Plus the shipping was really fast . This was a great addition to my Webkinz family .
 I love this webkinz it is so cute . And it has a real cute small face.This webkinz is a five star !
 Another fun WebKinz to have !!! Lots of fun online as well as to cuddle with .
 Bought this gift as a trick for my parents who adamantly did not want a dog . Presented it as a `` real '' dog and had lots of fun . Mama has named it and shows it off to all her friends .
 I actually bought this Perfect Petz product for my Grandma for Christmas . She lives alone and does n't want the commitment of taking care of a live pet , but needed something as a companion . This was perfect ! She absolutely loves it ! Because of the life-like `` breathing '' , it really makes her feel like her little pup is napping by her side . It is very realistic looking and even cuter in person than in the pictures !
 My mother is 82 years old and always loved the company of a dog . We had dogs in our family as long as I can remember . Got her this animated pet and her face just lit up ! An up side too is you only once in a while &#34; feed it &#34; D cell Batteries , LOL
 These toys are soft and adorable ! On top of that you 're giving them a real star ! How cool is that ? Half of my grandkids are now planning to be astronauts ! They use the Nasa site to check on their stars and usually end up widening their search . The teens and preteens really enjoy the game site . In addition to all this a portion of the profits goes to children 's charities . I have rarely been happier with a gift I 've purchased .
 I bought this for my daughters horse themed birthday party . It was on sale for -LSB- ... -RSB- or so with free shipping , which is a great deal ! I used it to play `` hot potato '' with the children passing around the horse . The kids passed it around in a circle until the music stopped , and whomever was holding it had to get up and out of the circle . The last kid standing got to keep the horse . The children LOVED this game ... and had me scrambling at the party to find other things to pass around . I would have gotten two of them had I known that it would be such a hit ! Much cuter in person than it is in the picture . Very pleased with the purchase !
 This is a cute soft stuffed animal horse . I know my daughter will love it ! It arrived very quickly and well packaged . Thanks !
 I was very surprised how soft the toy is . My daughter enjoys learning about the stars and now has a precious horse to snuggle with also .
 Young children will love this toy , especially girls . The Shining Stars Horse is so cute and soft . The most fun part is going to their website using the code that the horse comes with and getting a real star named after you .
 I like this webkinz alot it is very cute.But it took forever to get here I was very mad.It 's smaller than I thought it would beand I know it is a lil ` kinz.And it 's fur where the mane is sticks up.over all it 's agood toy
 I like the webkinz very much it 's very cute . I 'm very mad becauses it took forever to get shipped evon when was it took forever to be deliverd .
 I love the WebKinz . I 've seen some other toys like this , but the WebKinz are not bad role models and sex symbols . They are cute ! And there is some learning , like gardening and quiz questions . I play them myself !
 This is shelf is better than expected . Strong construction , simple assembly and oh , so cute ! Top quality shelf you can be comfortable hanging in your child 's room .
 My grandson loves this toy , he got this with the Mega dump truck . All the levers and noises entertain him for hours .
 Pressing the voice button produces a load and clear C3PO lines from the Star Wars movie . Nice addition to the other small fun scifi models you might want next to your computer .
 The lines C3PO says are in his own voice and are exact quotes from the movies . It 's great fun to use him as a sort of `` Magic 8 Ball '' and see what his `` opinion '' is when you ask him a question . I never put him on my dashboard . Instead , he sits on my desk at work and comments on the day 's activities .
 Bought this for my husband , the Walt Disney fan . Although it came with track he did n't use it . He immediately placed it on the lay out he already had . His plan is to use the track it came with around the next Christmas tree . The above rating is his , sounds like he 's very happy with this train !
 This set is great . A very quality Bachmann set that is ready to run . I 'm building an HO scale Disneyland with this train running the perimeter . I 'm sure it will run forever , I 've already logged 100 hours with it . The transformer and EZ snap together track is very easy to use , and it includes extra contacts for accessories which I wired the park lighting into . I had to buy new track due the the irregularity of the track layout.Now if they 'll just manufacture the other park locomotives ...
 Many people do not know that Walt Disney was a real train enthusiast . His theme parks all have trains as a main theme and keep history alive for all to enjoy . This train is a scale model of the train he had around his property in California . It was big enough for him to ride on .
 Got this for a starter for 15 yo son 's birthday . We are a &#34; Disney &#34; Family and love trains , so this was the perfect item for us !
 Yes I am a Disney Fan . I love this set . It is a faithful recreation of Walts Carolwood Pacific train and for it 's size runs pretty well . I have been impressed in recent years at Bachmann 's improvements to their locomotives and rolling stock . The detail , and the quality of the motors have improved greatly and continues every year . This set in particular is really neat and my kids love it as well . This product is licensed by the Walt Disney Family Foundation based on the markings on each rail car rather than the Disney Company . If you like Disney , and specifically Walt 's history , this set is a must have .
 this was the 6 jurassic park toy to be realease and its a great toy it has realistic dino skin and a card this one is great for kids
 This toy is more durable and less brittle than some of the other JP toys . My son loves to play with this and it is still around .
 Very well done rendition of Starfire . The Hand Painting was very detailed and I was overall very pleased with my purchase .
 Thank you , BANG ZOOM TOYS , for this wonderful `` Simpsons '' statue ! I received it today , and it is in perfect condition ! You are a great company ! Thanks , again !
 This is a lovely little collection from the My little Pony collection of toys . If your children want to create the Princess Promenade then these breezies -LRB- small winged ponys -RRB- can be part of that . There are two different sets you can get.Anyway , they are really lovely toys and my children have had weeks and weeks of fun with them . The whole thing , the carriages and the breezies are incredibly tough -LRB- really surprising ! -RRB- so they have lasted some pretty hard knocks , they are brightly coloured and the little wings on the back , while getting crinkled up in the packaging , are firmly attached and have n't been removed . The little antenna do come off with some tugging , but are easy to reattach . They are overall a really nice toy , they are versatile , small and pretty .
 My 6yr old still loves my little ponies and could spend forever playing with them . she received the breezies for christmas and loves them . They are very cute , easy to put in the little ` carts ' and easy to put the ` carts ' togehter - our not quite 4 year old neighbor can even do them on her own . The breezies also came with small detachable crowns and amazingly they fit so well , we have n't lost any of them even though we 've taken them all over the place . They really are cute and have been much loved and played with but we 're big on my little pony and have all the books and probably a dozen ponies .
 We love the breezies in their parade train ! My daughter loves trains and what a great way to let little girls play ! We have had many parades with the breezies !
 This it s very cute and well made toy . My 4 year old daughter is in love with My Little Pony and went just nuts over this collection of 3 breezies in the 3 cart train that rolls across the floor . The breezies are removable .
 These are really cute little ponies that make a great addition to my daughter 's pony collection . She loves to play with them and likes that they are a bit different from her other ponies .
 Bought both sets for 12 Ringgits each . My daughter adores them , and plays with them together with her Lego minifig knights . The glitter from the wings comes off easily , gets on her and all over the place ; the wings frayed on the first day and the hair gets tangled easily too . Overall I think the toys are a great complement to the Lego minifigs .
 My 4 year old daughter loves this addition to her Ponyville collection . She was able to pull off one of the Breezie 's antennas , and one of the wings came off after considerable play . Overall , if your child likes the mini ponies , she will like these also !
 This is a lovely little collection from the My little Pony collection of toys . If your children want to create the Princess Promenade then these breezies -LRB- small winged ponys -RRB- can be part of that . There are two different sets you can get . Technically -LRB- on the back , -RRB- these three breezies are fluffaluff , sillylily and tumbletop . However the colours do n't match on the front . One of the breezies advertised on the packet is a different colour to the one on the front - so I do n't know if they printed the ponies wrong , or packed the ponys wrong . My daughters do n't know so we just called them the three names , but I get a bit annoyed = if you are going to merchnadise at least do it right.Anyway , they are really lovely toys and my children have had weeks and weeks of fun with them . The whole thing , the carriages and the breezies are incredibly tough -LRB- really surprising ! -RRB- so they have lasted some pretty hard knocks , they are brightly coloured and the little wings on the back , while getting crinkled up in the packaging , are firmly attached and have n't been removed . The little antenna do come off with some tugging , but are easy to reattach . They are overall a really nice toy , they are versatile , small and pretty .
 For the Gwen Stefani fans this is a great gift , I bought it as a gift for my wife to go in her office and she loved it . These were well made and very collectable .
 This Doll is great ! I love it because she brings lots of things to play with ... after my daughter is done playing with her , I put her on a doll stan and she looks so beautiful that people love to look at her ...
 This is our 3rd one , she seems to keep losing her beloved `` Monkey . '' He even is part of her nightly prayers . So glad they ; re still making him and selling him here .
 I LOVE Melissa and Doug toys . They are quality wooden toys , which are hard to find in this day and age . This puzzle is four puzzles in one . It looks like four animals fit into the one puzzle , but actually it is four little puzzles , and they just set on the red board to store . Not exactly what I expected , but my niece loved it .
 As always , Melissa and Doug products are a little subject to quick wear . Mine came with the paint a little worn in places . Wish they did n't make their products in China . Got an email from them saying they do lots of testing , but you never know ... Lets keep our fingers crossed that there is no lead paint . Unfortunately , they are the only ones making stimulating puzzles for the 3 year old crowd . My little girl loves these puzzles and each one is slightly more complex than the last . Small enough that they never become overwhelming .
 The color and detail of both wrestlers are first-rate . A `` good '' reminder of the Montreal Screw-job at Survivor Series 1997 . It comes with the Canadian flag ,2 elbow pads and the WWE Championship belt . Their entrance clothes can come off but HBK 's vest might take some time . I give this 2 pack a 10 out of 10 .
 My grandson is crazy about helicopters . He just turned three years old . This is a large diecast helicopter . It 's his favorite helicopter . He plays with it every day . The other three vehicles are plastic and cheaply made although I admit he still plays with them even though the ladder on the firetruck was the first thing to break off . If your child loves helicopters , they will LOVE this one . You will need to snap the blades into position when you get it , otherwise they just flop around . Well worth the price in my humble opinion .
 doll is really cute and is a medium size , not too big not too small . . it is defenetly something to fall in love with :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- . . if you like fashionable dolls
 I 've been shopping around for fashion plates for awhile now . They were a favorite of mine when I was a child . My daughter loves Barbie so when I found these it was pretty exciting . I was n't sure they would be worth the cost , which seems to be double what it used to retail . But fashion plates are VERY HARD to find believe it or not . They will run you at least -LSB- ... -RSB- for a used full size version on Ebay.My 2 and 4 year old and I spent all evening designing our own fashions and coloring them in . My oldest daughter had no problems rubbing the imagine on a sheet of paper herself , though my 2 year old needed some assistance.They do come with crayons and enough paper to get you started . It 's nice if is going to be given as a gift and the recipient would like to play with them right out of the box . However , I 've found the crayons that come with the set to be very low quality . The image will look a lot nicer if you replace to crayons with Crayolas . As for the paper just about any will work . Just cut it down to size a little.There is no storage space for the plates themselves -LRB- there are 8 total - 4 reversible `` bottoms '' and 4 reversible `` tops -RRB- so you may want to store them in a zipper bag . The set seems made well enough , not flimsy or cheap feeling.I recommend them for any little girl who enjoys coloring , Barbie , and fashion -LRB- who does n't ! -RRB- or any mom who grew up in the 80 's and just wants to play with them again .
 I loved playing with Fashion Plates as a child and was happy to find these . When they arrived I was a little disappointed in how small the box and contents were for the price . I paid 28.99 , but this seems more like an under $ 20 toy rather that an under $ 30 toy .
 I was looking for Fashion Plates for my almost 4 year old and stumbled across this . She enjoys playing with the activity set , and it keeps her entertained for an hour or more at a time . She loves making different combinations of tops and bottoms and coloring her creations . Overall , we are very happy with this product .
 This was a birthday gift for a young girl , my niece , turning six-years-old . I remember that I loved it at her age . I hope she loves her updated version . The seller did a great job advertising , packaging , and shipping !
 My daughter got this as a gift from `` Santa '' this year . This is great for little girls who love to color . She played with this more than any other toy . It does n't have a ton of little pieces and you an mix and match for quite a lot of different combinations . It 's portable , which makes it great for the car . Also , it reminds me of my own child hood with the ever memorable Fashion plates !
 Only place that I could find this toy . . and at a great price . Easy to use and lots of fun for my 6 year old daughter !
 The figurine comes with a fighting staff , not attached . If you wish to display it , a drop of Elmer 's glue is needed to secure the staff in place.This is an oversight on the manufacturer 's part .
 Homer joins this elite group -LRB- `` The Stone Cutters '' -RRB- , an obvious parody of the Masons . Number One wears an elaborate robe and headdress . He has a book with the official rules , a punishment paddle and a beer stein.Fabulously detailed - a must have for the Simpsons devotee and a fun gift for the Mason in your life with a sense of humor .
 I am sending this toy to my father for Christmas who happens to love the Simpsons and is a Mason , so all in all its the best gift I could give him . Especially since he is so hard to buy for ...
 Database is the consumate computer/math nerd . He comes with a flute , a tray of food and a stack of text books . He has his little red-framed glasses perched on the tip of his nose and when plugged into the different Springfield environments , he spews his nerdy quips such as `` We 're very proud to make you a member of our very select group . `` In the series , Database does n't get much screen time ... but he 's clearly larger than most of his classmates - perhaps a little less bulky than Nelson , but definitely taller than most of the other kids . In action figure form , however , he 's smaller than Bart!He is typically drawn with his shirt-tail or pocket hanging out over his trousers - but this corner of fabric is painted the same as his pants , and the edge of his pants is a sharp ridge around his middle - definitely not in the same category of realism -LRB- if that 's the right word -RRB- that the other Playmates Simpsons characters enjoy.Only for the die-hard collector who `` must '' have every single character to complete their collection .
 My son is 7 months old , and he loves this toy . He plays with the individual shapes while he waits for dinner in his high chair . He also enjoys shaking the ball and hearing the shapes rattle around inside . Since it 's designed to grow with a child , it wo n't be long before he 'll be able to put the shapes in the ball .
 After disappointed from buying the Fisher Price shape sorter -LRB- all my 16 mo old did was pull off the lid and play with it , which defeats it 's purpose -RRB- I did some research trying to find a better product . My husband suggested this because he had it as a child . I did n't remember having this , but I ordered it and I 'm glad I did . Not only does it come with a lot of different shapes , it 's also hard for the baby to take apart . Other shape sorters that have lids or tops that come off wo n't do any good . This one requires an older person to pull the two sides apart , therefore , opening the product and allowing the pieces to come out . I thought it was pricey when I bought it , but after seeing it in person I realize it 'll last a very long time if not forever and it can be passed on to my other future children .
 I chose this shape sorter because of the retro factor ... it 's just like the ones I remember from when I was young . Others I 've seen do n't have as many shapes as this one -LRB- my son now knows ` trapezoid ' ! -RRB- and it is self-contained , durable and very portable . It 's also multi-purpose ... besides being used as a shape sorter toy , my son
 The Tupperware shape sorter is the best baby sorting toy out there . We live abroad now , but I picked up 4 of them to bring back to Europe.The reasons , why our kids loved it so much
 I think my daughter got this toy for her first birthday . At first I only let her play with it while I could help her , because she 'd get frustrated or bored . I would put the shapes halfway into the slot and help her push them in . Then I would put the shape into the correct position in her hand and show her the slot to put it in . Eventually , I would let her pick the shapes she wanted to put in , and position the ball for her to put the shapes in the slots . She 's 23 months old , and can put all the shapes in herself , quickly and easily , and she can name about half of them as well . She 's also figured out how to open the ball for herself and empty the shapes , so she can play independently.She 's now teaching her little -LRB- 6-month-old -RRB- brother how to play with the toy -LRB- he just likes to chew and drool on the shapes right now -RRB- . This is a durable toy , and totally worth the extra cost.There are just some toys every child should grow up with -LRB- oldies but goodies -RRB- , and this is one of them !
 My children loved this toy and now we are introducing our grandchild to it and she will love it just as much . A classic and a keeper ! Who need toys with batteries and bells and whistles ...
 In these times many toys are just a toy without any learning value . this is a classic toy that lasts forever and teaches simple principles well . it is a little spendy for a plastic ball , but are built well and very solid . the only gripe is that the shapes can be lost , but how is that differnt than most other toys ?
 Love it ! I used to have one of these probably 35 years ago and to find they are still being made is incredible ! I bought one for my 18 month old daughter and she loves it . She 's starting to figure out which shapes go where and that 's a joy to watch.Very well made , I hope to see my daughter 's kids playing with it.Great product .
 We were glad to find that they still make this toy . Our children played with it endlessly . We were pleased to be able to buy one for our grandson
 Our children had one , although as I remember a little less pricy , but they all played with and enjoyed it so much that our oldest still has it in her cedar chest . Now it is our granddaughter 's turn to learn and have fun .
 This is a wonderful toy , not only for kids but for philosophy students . It 's an absolute necessity for teaching Kant . Let the ball represent the mind , the red part `` space '' and the blue part `` time . '' Let the holes be the categories , and the yellow shapes sense data.Now you 're ready to play `` Kant . '' In order for something to be known , it has to make it `` in '' to the mind . It has to go through the structures of time and space , and through the categories , before it can become intelligible . Whatever fits through is `` phenomenal '' and able to be comprehended . Whatever ca n't fit through is `` noumenal '' and unknowable by pure reason.Voila ! You 've just mastered `` The Critique of Pure Reason ! '' and if you let your child play with this toy , she will grow up to be a genius .
 I did n't want to spend the price for this ball , however , the mother of my 1 year old granddaughter wanted it because it had the shapes and sizes . We have one and it has been through 6 grandkids so I know that the durability of it is awesome . Walmart has cheaper type ones but I 'm sure it would n't last like this one . Great product .
 I bought this for my neice . I remember these when I was little and they are great for learning toddlers .
 This is a &#34; tactile learning toy &#34; that my children played with over 40 years ago . My daughter specifically requested the Shape-O Ball for her daughter , who is only 7 months old , but is getting acquainted with it now.The primary colors are vivid and eye-catching . The shapes are too big to swallow , and have no sharp edges , and they each fit only in the specific opening.It does n't talk , does not require batteries , and is very durable -- a nearly perfect toy !
 This toy is exactly what I bought for my daughter 36 years ago -- and now I have bought it for her daughter . After we received the new one , we found the original in the attic . We ran it through the dishwasher and while the colors are not as shiny and bright as the new one , it is in great condition . I remember how long my daughter and son played with this sorter and how they learned the names of all the shapes .
 I was very surprised to see this offered by Amazon . I am working in our Pre-Primary at Church and knew that this would be an excellent way to help the Toddlers learn colors , shapes , and who knows , even patience ? I love that I could get the red , yellow , and blue combination and it opens easily to release the shapes after the toddler puts them inside . I plan to say the color and discuss the shapes . I love educational &#34; toys . &#34; Thank you to Amazon for carrying it .
 I bought this toy for a toy donation drive based on strong recommendations from family members . The Shape-O Ball Toy , apparently , also draws the interest of adults because I had to remind my husband it was for a toy drive and had to remain unopened !
 Grandchild 's parents both had this as children and enjoyed playing with . Arrived timely , in great condition . I highly recommend this toy !
 My son is 18 months and loves putting the shapes in the ball and then have me open and dump them all back out . He is learning so well . It 's great .
 My kids loved their Shape-O toy and played with it for a long time . It 's tough as nails . I 'm glad my grandson will get to play with one this Christmas . Tupperware is the greatest !
 it is n't often you can find a toy that totally captivates a handicapped 39 year old . this one did it .
 My daughter is 30 and I got the Shape O ball for her when she was small . We played with this thing endlessly . I think it contributed to her becoming an engineer . So when little granddaughter came along , I got another one . It is so cute listening to a 2 year old say pentagon or trapezoid . This is great for recognizing and sorting shapes-circle , oval , square , wedge , triangle , trapezoid , pentagon , hexagon , star -- good for motor skills , too.I think it is a bit pricey for some plastic , but it is better than other shape toys I have seen and the BEST THING OF ALL
 A fantastic product for the younger set in learning shapes and matching them to the correct place on the ball . On a limited basis , it may also get a child interested in learning colors on a basic level
 Both of my children loved this toy . It has many shapes making it a challenge . The shapes store inside the ball keeping it neat and tidy .
 This is a toy that my sister had for each of her kids . It is indestructible , durable , educational and fun . I buy this for all my newborn baby gifts .
 The Tupperware shape sorting ball is a great toy ! It has good educational value and is very durable . Its play value will last through at least age 3 .
 My grandmother sold Tupperware back in the 70 's so I had this toy as a child , and I loved it . My brother and I not only played with it and did n't manage to break it or lose the pieces , but 3 other grandchildren and now the great-grandchildren now play with it . I swear this thing is indestructible . Kids can mouth the pieces if there teething but there 's no way they can be swallowed , and believe me my brother tried :-RRB- it is totally kid proof . Where else can you have a toy that has been around upwards of 40 years and not have some sort of recall on it . I mean for how simple it is , considering there is no lights and whistles on it , kids still want to play with it .
 The Shape O Ball has been around for years . I bought one in 1969 for my daughter 's first Christmas . -LRB- still has this -RRB- She was always a hit at Tupperware parties . I think it is great to be able to get their products on Amazon . My daughter and I bought this for our friends grandchild she loves it.It is durabal , provides hours of fun
 my one year old loves this toy ! It is durable and fun to play with . A great addition to his building blocks games !
 Bought this for my grandson and he loves it . It will be a couple more years before he can fully appreciate it , but in the meantime he can learn from it .
 I had one of these when my kids were little , in fact I still have it but wanted to get one for my granddaughter for Christmas ! These toys last forever and are lots of fun !
 i couldnt believe it i shop at a local thrift store and i walked in and found the shape o ball in a box of toys made by tupperware and only paid 50 cents for it what a deal my mom still has the one we played with when i was a kid im now 42 thats great so local thrift stores are the way to go
 My three-year-old is obsessed with Mary Poppins , so we got this as a surprise birthday gift and she loved it ! My only objection , from a harried parent 's point of view , would be the umbrella , which is not perminantly attached to the doll and can easily be misplaced if not vigilant . Also the pretty little red string tying the cloth of the umbrella simply unties and can easily be lost , allowing the cloth to fall from the umbrella stick . And what is Mary Poppins without her umbrella ? Otherwise , lovely doll .
 When I was younger , I used to have collectible dolls , so when I had a girl , I wanted to start that tradition for her . This is the first doll I have purchased for her to collect . The doll has a beautiful dress on and is a great replica of the scene in the movie.One of the pictures shown here is misleading , however . The one that looks to be an exact copy of Mary Poppins from the movie is not the one that is received . Even though the face does not match perfectly , it is a good representation.Being as this is a collectible item for my daughter , I have not taken it out of the box to see how well it bends , plays , etc. . If you play to have the doll played with , I have no recommendation . For a doll meant to stay in the box though , I would recommend this doll . If nothing else it is a cute addition for the girl who loves Mary Poppins .
 Beautiful doll , very detailed outfit . Perfect addition to purchase of Jane and Michael . Granddaughter took her to the Broadway show .
 The doll was perfect . I used her in a doll cake for my daughter 's 6 the birthday . she worked out just great
 The joy and educational value a little girl gets out of this toy really depends on how much she knows and loves Mary Poppins . My twin girls absolutely adore Mary Poppins , especially one of them who requested a Mary Poppins cake for her 3rd b-day ! So this toy is lots of fun for my girls and encourages imaginative play.The toy is well-made and the dress and hat is of high quality . The umbrella , though cute , could be better . The thin fabric easily slips off the plastic and is really nothing more than a cheap piece of fabric -- no lace or trim . A little hot glue might help it stay put . In order to keep the umbrella attached to the doll , I did not remove the little plastic band and even managed to tighten it around her wrist . So far so good.Overall , it 's a sweet , well-made doll that brings joy to my girls.What more could I ask for ?
 This doll was a gift for a 9 year old girl who has told me she will keep it in the box as a collectable . She recently saw the broadway play . -LRB- This is not the choice I intended for the doll as I loved playing with my Mary Poppins doll when I was 10 years old , 45 years ago when the Disney movie came out . -RRB-
 The doll is great . My 2year old and 2yr old niece are obsessed w/Mary Poppins and the doll is a bargain . It is geared more towards collectors or older children . The hat is attached to her head w/plastic ties and if you remove it wo n't properly stay . The umbrella does n't stay well in her hand so you do have to keep track of it , but it has the detail of the parrot head on it . The umbrella is intended just as a prop , it does n't open up - its just the cloth w/a ribbon around it . All in all it is a really cute doll and a great bargain . She has great detail and is made really well . Her hair is perfectly styled and the curls are sewn in place to stay nice , the only thing that really bothered the girls was the umbrella not being a working little umbrella , but I would absolutely still buy it knowing that now .
 I just got it cause Raven is my fav . teen titan . It is bigger than I thought , which is cool .
 The statuette is a great collectible for any titans fan , and especially for those of us who really empathize with the half-demon . The small stature of the paperweight makes it ideal to use on any desk , or to be on display on a shelf . A true must have for any teen titans fan .
 I was very pleased to be able to find this item since most of the Raven figures are sold out from just about everywhere in the universe . The detail on the bust is very good , also there are some Japanese characters on the front of the figure . What I really liked about the paperweight was that it can connect to the other paperweights to create a nice mantlepiece with all the busts of the Teen Titans Characters . An excellent idea and byfar the best paperweight I 've ever had .
 Cartagena is one of my favorites of the `` designer games '' I 've tried so far . The theme of a pirate-led jailbreak from the fortress of Cartagena is a bit pasted on - at its heart , this game is really more abstract . For me , however , that does n't deter from the game at all . The components are high quality - wooden `` pirates '' , heavy cardboard gameboard and sloop . The cards are surprisingly small , however , for those not used to some of the eurogames -LRB- approx . 2 1/2 '' X 1 1/2 '' -RRB- but this does not detract from the game in my opinion . The cards are also a bit thinner than I would like , but they have held up fine so far.The goal of Cartagena is to be the first to get your 6 pirates through the underground passage and on to the sloop to sail away from the fortress . The board is modular -LRB- 6 pieces -RRB- and double-sided -LRB- fantastic , since every game will be different from the last -RRB- and has a sequence of symbols such as a bottle , pistol , keys , etc. . . Players start the game with 6 cards -LRB- which depict the symbols seen on the board -RRB- and can make from 1 to 3 moves per turn . A move consists of either playing a card and moving a pirate to the next vacant symbol pictured on the card or moving a pirate backwards to a space with 1 or 2 other pirates in order to pick up new cards from the draw deck -LRB- this is the only way to obtain new cards -RRB- . Thats it ! Pretty simple rules , but plenty of strategy involved.There are also 2 versions of the game which can be played . First is the Jamaica version in which all players keep their cards hidden in their hand -LRB- more luck involved -RRB- . Second is the Tortuga version in which all cards are exposed so all players know what moves other players can make -LRB- slightly more strategy involved -RRB- . Overall , a fantastic game that is easy to teach and learn , works for kids -LRB- probably from about age 7 and up -RRB- and new gamers , and plays well as a `` filler '' for more experienced gamers . Game time typically lasts 30 - 45 minutes depending on the number of players . 5 stars overall , 4 stars for educational value simply because I think this is a good game to start teaching kids some simple strategy . Highly recommended !
 First off , pirates make every game better . Cartagena is no exception . While the pirate theme really is n't crucial to the game , it certainly makes it more fun.The object of the game is to move all 6 of your pirates through the underground tunnel to the boat waiting at the other end . The board itself is a series of double-sided tunnel sections that can be randomly arranged . Honestly , this does n't really change the strategy or replay value of the game other than making the tunnel look a little different each time.The tunnel itself is made up of different `` pirate '' symbols - pistol , pirate flag , tricorn hat , rum bottle , and key . To move forward through the tunnel , you must play a card with one of the aforementioned symbols , and move a pirate to the next open space with that symbol . The only way to get more cards is to move a pirate backwards to another spot that has one or two pirates on it.Cartagena can drag if you play with people that make decisions slowly , especially when playing with the optional open-hand rule . Otherwise , the game moves quickly . It 's a cutthroat game with 2 or 3 players , and a somewhat more chaotic game with 4-5 players . Either way , the game is a fun way to spend a half hour .
 A game with a hillarious premise
 I bought this as a gift for my daughter and son-in-law . They are really into games -LRB- especially strategy games -RRB- and they love it .
 Easy and short but more thinking than Go-Fish . When you say mindless , be careful of your audience - so this is a mindless game if you love to play games and usually play strategy games . You do have to understand that picking a card , discarding a card , and moving a piece are 3 ` moves ' when it 's your turn ; you do get 3 ` moves ' but discarding is not just a non-move . drunks need not apply .
 I bought this game as a gift -LRB- we already have it -RRB- - it 's very hard to find this game . It 's great board game for all ages - simple enough , but is played over and over again in my family and with our friends . Highly recommended .
 Luann Van Houten is the recent divorcee - ex-wife of Kirk Van Houten , mother of Milhouse . She comes with a stack of unopened cardboard boxes , an open box labeled `` KIRK '' -LRB- I guess she stole some of his things ? -RRB- , a packing-tape dispenser and a squeeze bottle of butane -LRB- presumably to set Kirk 's belongings on fire -RRB- . She otherwise seems pretty happy with her blue hair.She has an assortment of bitter phrases , including , `` I 'm sorry I 'm not as smart as you . '' A great drama figure in the world of Springfield .
 I LOVE Melissa and Doug toys . They are quality wooden toys , which are hard to find in this day and age . This puzzle is four puzzles in one . It looks like four animals fit into the one puzzle , but actually it is four little puzzles , and they just set on the red board to store . Not exactly what I expected , but my niece loved it .
 Being a pediatric nurse , I know the importance of tight fitting sheets . This sheet is very secure , no matter how much my little fella squirms I know he is safe and comfy !
 I am very plese wi th this puzzle I will mount this and proudly display it on my wall at home
 These scratch and sniff stickers are great for kids of all ages , mail , homework , tests , notebooks , or just about anything that you can think of . They are cute , but the picture here does not do them justice . The fragrance is strong enough to last for months .
 My daughter loves these stickers . Great for rewarding positive behavior . Her teacher gave me this idea to try at home , which has helped . : - -RRB-
 The playhouse is very beautiful and fun . However , the playhouse did n't come with the two purple chairs in the box that 's shown in the picture . Where can I buy that if it 's not included in the merchandise purchase .
 This is awesome!We bought this playhouse for our daughter this afternoon.She is 3 and really into pretend play . My husband put it together in a couple of hours , it was n't too difficult . It is ADORABLE !!! She loves it ! It 's midnight here & she 's still in her new house LOL!My 11 year old can stand up inside and not hit her head on the roof , so there are years of play ahead without our 3 year old growing out of it too fast.There is a battery operated phone inside , a cute little built in table , a pretend clock , two windows that open , a sky light , and next to the actual front door , there is a little front door that is `` doll '' sized . Too cute!I have nothing negative to say about this playhouse . Even my husband was in it earlier playing with my daughter . It was worth the money !
 I did lots of research into the different play houses available and found this one to be the best value in this price range . It 's bigger than most I looked at and was also the cutest -LRB- for a girl -RRB- . We got this item for our daughter 's third birthday -LRB- May 2003 -RRB- . We also got her the Barbie Take Along Tunes Jeep . We had a ton of kids over and they were the biggest hits ! The kids played with them non-stop -LRB- even when it started raining -RRB- . Since then my daughter has used the house quite a lot , often by herself -LRB- for about an hour or so at a time -RRB- . When we 've had other parties all the kids love it , even the boys.The only thing that was n't GREAT was the fact that the chairs in the picture do n't come with it . I 've looked all over for durable chairs to match the house -LRB- pink or purple -RRB- and ca n't find any.It is SUPER durable ! My husband and I were moving it off our deck , it slipped and went over the railings . It dropped about 5 or 6 feet to the ground . The only thing that happened is the corner attachment came apart . It slipped right back in and is as good as new . It was also very easy to put together . I did it by myself and it took only about an hour and a half.I 'd recommend it to anyone with a girl who loves pretend play .
 This house is very cute . My Father-in-law and I put it together in about 45min . This review is being written on Christmas Eve so my daugher has not had a chance to see it yet . I 'm sure she will love it . Two hints on putting it together . 1 -RRB- If you have a cordless drill with a screwdriver bit it will make your life much easier . It will also save the palms of your hands . 2 -RRB- Instead of putting the roof on the house in three different pieces like the directions say , put all three pieces together and then put it on top of the house at the sametime . Enjoy .
 My daughter just recieved this item . We purchased this item to replace her recently damaged play househouse . -LRB- Huntington Beach oil gusher -RRB- Her playhouse was out of stock so we thought the Barbie and Me House would be a good choice . The Barbie and me House was a litttle more expensive , but it looked worth the price of the picture . Once the house arrived my daughter brought out her barbies and princess music and had a wonderful time . However , we noticed this house was a little bit smaller inside and their were no chairs or kitchen . I was most diappointed by the lack of chairs , when the picture selling the playhouse showed matching chairs .
 I was grateful for the review that mentioned that the chairs were NOT included as pictured . I was able to find the matching chairs on the Step 2 website . What an awesome playhouse !
 The little chairs do not come with the playhouse and I have n't seen them anywhere for sale but any little plastic chairs -LRB- from Ikea or Wal Mart -RRB- can be used there . The playhouse has provided hours of fun for our kids and all their friends . We initially assembled it in our basement and later decided to keep it there for year around play ! The comment to assemble the roof before attaching it is probably a good idea as we had trouble gettig the roof on correctly . You will have to drill a few new holes but I also suggest that you attach the counter piece on the outside as shown in the photo and NOT inside as the directions show . There is n't much space left if you have that table on the inside of the playhouse .
 I have not decided which house to buy my daughter , but wanted to let you all know that at Sam 's club the house does come with the chairs . Hope this is helpful ... and , here at least , it 's cheaper than at other stores ...
 We bought this for our daughters 1st birthday . She is n't walking yet , but I seen how she holds on to the window or wall & reaches for the table & walks while reaching.I would definitely advise to put the table on the outside for more play room . My 4 yr old & 1 year old really like this house . It 's also something you can have around for years to come & it 's SUPER cute!Here 's another thing :-LRB- ... -RRB-
 This playhouse is great ! The house is very easy to put together ! After reading the other reviews we put the table on the outside it leaves much more play room that way and we put the roof on together first like the review said and it worked great !! My daughter just love this and there is plenty of room in it that she will not out grow it right away !! Thanks for all the great reviews they really helped !!
 Trading cards of imaginary horses-Great idea-online website for the horses to come alive - even better!My daughter loves horses , the computer and taking care of things - this meets all the needs!Great program - and it is inexpensive !
 Grandchild wanted them , and I bought them for her . She loved them , so that 's all I can say . She 's happy and so am I.
 this item will not work with the latest rokenbok infrared controls ; dont buy it if you have the new setup
 Not only did the product ship quickly , it was in stellar condition and my grandsons are enjoying the `` crashes . '' Very well built and fun .
 The 3-D Transformer Puzzle was perfect for my Transformer-loving son . He got it for his 8th birthday . He put it together in about 25 min . This problem-solving puzzle was fun ! It is durable and interesting to look at . Of course , we hung it in his room because it glows in the dark ! -LRB- It has a hanger piece on the back -RRB-
 This puzzle is great , my 8 yr . old received for Christmas . Probably liked it as much or more than anything . Easily put together and very durable . So many toys now require parents to help at every point , which I do n't mind , but this toy gave him a sense of accompishment tat
 The puzzle was a big success . A little difficult for a 7 year old to assemble , but was told it made some fun one on one time with dad helping put it together . Other mom 's at the birthday party wanted to know where to get one .
 Great toy for kids ! I fell in love with it . The pictures of the animals the whole thing is amazing!It 's all eco-friendly , and it 's less violent than other card games . COUGH COUGH yu-gi-oh COUGH COUGH
 My son just got this version , he already had the green version.Basicly , skannerz are toys that read bar codes to collect monsters and creatures , and battle them . It can be any bar code and that is what makes them the perfect grocery shopping toy ! No whining about how long you are taking anymore . Now my son is happy to follow me down the aisles and scan items ... This version is a bit better in that there are more monsters available . There are a limited number of monsters to collect so the more , the better . There are also more options with this unit . You can choose to do battle or run , something you ca n't do with other versions ... and if you win a battle you gain another monster . The flip side is if you lose a battle , you lose the monster . But the changes do make for a better game.The game takes 3 AAA batteries and you do need to change them a bit fast or you lose the data which is really frustrating for your kids . There is also a reset in the event of an electrical problem . Which also clears all the data.I did have a problem with the other unit and the company customer service is going to send another one so they are quite responsive and that is very good to know.Overall , I am very happy with this as it gives my son something to do during a time when he is usually quite bored . shopping !
 i have the original skannerz green color and i got the commander . it is better than the original because the stakes are higher during a battle sutch as , if you lose a battle you lose a monster of your own , but if you win the battle you get the opposing monster . and you can even banish monsters from your tribe . this game is really fun but the way you scan the upc 's is a little hard and kids under 10 may think it 's hard to do . so I think it should be for kids ages 10-15 .
 My 7 year old LOVES this toy . The first one we got did not work at all but we exchanged it for one that did.Not every UPC has a monster in it - maybe one in 20 . But it 's exciting when you get a monster . He had trouble understanding the directions for battle on his own but once I read them -LRB- a few times ! -RRB- and explained them , he 's been winning most battles and enjoying it.It 's nice to have at the store and we find UPCs on everything now . If it was more than $ ... I would say do n't buy it , because I can see him getting tired of it soon and I 'm not the only one to have had a problem with one , but for $ ... he 's had a blast.I agree , any kid younger than a bright 7 year old could scan the monsters in but would not be good at understanding the battles , etc. . Still , it 's a fun gadget .
 When my twelve year old son put Skannerz on his birthday list , I checked out the reviews on Amazon . Some were less than scintillating . However , we decided to take a chance and keep it on the list . He is having a ball with it ! He ca n't stop scanning and is having no problem collecting ` monsters ' . We had a little trouble in the beginning but picked up a tip from the www.skannerz.com website that made a big difference . You must scan from left to right and right to left fairly quickly . Be sure to stay above the numbers - only scan the bar code . Flat objects scan better . Also , you must successfully scan the 3 test UPC codes on the directions sheet first . We strongly suggest you check out the FAQ 's section of the website . What can I say ... he loves the toy !!!
 My son who is almost 12yrs saw this toy at a friend 's house and asked for it for Christmas . I was leary about ordering it because it states age limits of 12years . I must say that even though there 's not a lot to the toy , it nonetheless is entertaining to him . Even my older girls all took a turn at scanning everything in the house for awhile . So , if your child likes the Pokeman/Yugio type monster cards/games then my guess is that he 'll get enjoyment out of this toy as well . I must also concur with the other mothers who tell of stress free trips to the store now . He does n't mind going along with me to run errands anymore . Hmmmm !
 I have 4 kids 4-14 . The oldest got the first one out . Then the 6yo wanted one . They are having so much fun that now the 8yo and the 4yo want their own too ! It 's a bit difficult to figure out at first how to scan successfully but once they catch on , they go gangbusters with this thing . They carry it with them everywhere to try to get the monsters and the items . You need to keep the comic book so you can get health , so do n't lose it . Downside , my kids go through the cupboards taking things out to scan and I come in and they 've left everything all over the floor ! Kids never get bored with this toy ! It 's not cheap but it 's very good entertainment for the money .
 I could n't put my toy down for days after I recieved it . This is my favorite toy ever !
 I think the skanner commander is a great toy . It is a challenge but that is what makes it so cool and interesting . So buy the skanner commander . It is a blast ! Where are the monsters ? Skann the bar codes .
 I have n't played with the skanner much myself , but my two boys love it . They never get bored . It 's not one of them toys you get , they play with for five minutes , and then it sits . My kids absolutely love it . It was a great buy . I highly recommend this toy to keep your kids from being bored . : - -RRB-
 My son 's friend had one of these toys , thus began the search for it since the stores have stopped selling them . I think they have been discontinued by the maker.Still he has enjoyed it and he loves to go to the store with me now because he can scan all the bar codes he wants . No real educational value unless they want to grow up and work at a grocery store.My son is 9 and it might be hard for some younger kids to use this toy .
 As a mother of three boys ages 8 , 10 , and 12 , I can honestly say this is now one of our family 's favortite toys . Although I ca n't see any educational value , it has made running errands more fun for the whole family . While shopping -LRB- any kind of store -RRB- the boys happily come along so they can scan every item they see . They get so excited because random barcodes will give them new electronic monsters to collect . My oldest has had his Skanners since Christmas and they all liked it so much that his brothers each requested their own for their birthdays . It is one toy that seems to keep their attention and allevieates the stress of dragging whinning children to not-so-exciting , but necessary places .
 This toy is so awesome ! I could play with it for hours . It 's the perfect toy .
 This skannerz is the bestmy children love to be in the stores and they can take this along with them your children would love it and i would reccomend it to any parent or child from about 8-14 years of age THIS IS THE BEST BUY IT LOL ITS JUST SIMPLY THE BEST 4 UR CHILD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 It sounds rely fun I have a freind who has one . I have played his . I sujest it to people who like monsters
 i bought this toy for my children and they have just had so much fun with it
 I did ` nt have it when I wrote this review but from the reviews I 've seen , I DO N'T KNOW WHETHER THIS TOY IS GOOD OR BAD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Tidal Wave is amazing . It comes with 3 parts that form together to make Tidal Wave . Also this toy can combine with Megatron for extra fire power -LRB- which does n't look that great -RRB- Overall , the paint scheme could be a little better , but the toy has great play value . I recommend it to anyone . Final Grade
 THIS IS BY FAR ONE OF THE BEST ARMADA TOYS TO DATE NOT QUITE THE BEST SEEING AS HOW THATS IS UNICRON . WELL THIS TOYS IS 3 BOATS THAT COME TOGETHER TO FORM A MASSIVE BATTLESHIP OR WARSHIP . AND THE IT COMES TOGETHER TO FORM A BIG ROBOT OR SOME ADDED POWER AND ARMOR FOR EITHER MEGATRON OR GALVATRON . GREAT TOY TO OWN HAVE OR WHATEVER YOU WANT IT FOR HIGHLY RECOMENDED FOR PURCHASE . JUST WISH IT HAD THE ELECTRONIC SOUNDS LIKE THE JAPANESE VERSION .
 This Decepticon is just plain GREAT ! This figure starts out as the Dark Fleet - three oceanic combat vehicles . They are pretty cool as such . The Mini-con , Ramjet , can make gun turrets on one of the vehicles turn , and Ramjet fits nicely inside a small storage space on the aircraft carrier . The three Dark Fleet vehicles combine to form one big ship . This ship looks awesome and is mostly sturdy -LRB- some joints are a little weak but no big problem -RRB- . Now you can transform the ship into Tidal Wave , a huge Decepticon . His arms are very poseable , and he is a very very cool looking robot . The joints that are a little loose as a ship are wonderfully tight as a robot . His legs do n't bend at the knees and his head does n't turn , and even though his hands are poseable , he ca n't hold the starsaber , requiem blaster , or skyboom shield . Still , I ca n't recommend this figure enough . I think he 's my favorite Armada toy so far . Plus , as Dark Fleet , the three vehicles can be attached to Megatron/Galvatron as armor and weapons . Two thumbs way , way up for Tidal Wave ! His Mini-con Ramjet is not too bad , but not the best either . I 'm pretty neutral on this ; but no fears - Ramjet does not distract from the awesome nature of Tidal Wave !
 Just got this toy from ToysRus at Broadway . He kicks serious ro-butt ! The first thing you 'll notice about Tidal Wave are the colors . They 're way off . No , let 's do that again . They 're -- WAY OFF ! This is extremely disappointing . Millions of fans feel that our friends at Hasbro let us down . But hear this gals and pals
 This one is great!In my opinion it the best armada toy in the whole line!It is even better than Jetfire in my opinion!But I hate those missles cuz they always seem to pop out when you transform him.Overall I think the japinese version is better because its colors arent so off and it has lights and sounds.But trust me this one is awesome to!Anyway I give this toy an A + . Highly recommended.Okay one last thing ... BUY IT!You wont be dissapointed !
 this transformer is amazing theres only 1 flaw when tidal wave goes in to robot mode the missles on the pontoons shoot out sometimes but the rest the transformer is amazing if you buy this transformer -LRB- reccomended -RRB- buy galvatron or megatron then you can combine the two so galvatron or megatron can have extra armor buy it buy it buy it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My son loves this toy . He says it 's a must have when playing with Transformers . It was $ 140 , way too much but since it was a Christmas present I splurged . There have been zero complaints about it from my son .
 tidal wave is an amazing toy but there are some flaws 1st one is that when you transform him into robot mode his missiles shoot out and it gets annying so i just take them out but i think the rest is great oh and 2 more things i dont like the mimi con much and the colers are a bit bright on the green and purple and a bit on the grey BUT OVER ALL THE GRADE ID GIVE IT WOULD BE GRADE : A its an amazing toy you need to buy it cause it can power fuison with megatron or galvatronand it combines from 3 mid sized boats to battel ship to robot to armor -LRB- in any order -RRB- buy it buy it buy it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I just love takeing the three mid size boats -LRB- each around the size of the robot half of the mega optimous prime -RRB- . When you combine them into the big warship -LRB- the size of the full optimous prime truck -RRB- it is easy . When you change the warship into the robot the robot it is about the size of Super optimous prime . The minicon is a jet that transforms easaly . It isnt that great alont with the power -LRB- the guns on the gun boat swivin 90 degres . Whoo Hoo -RRB- Overall it is a good set .
 Tidal Wave is 3 different robot ships that combine into one massive ship and then into a robot . The 3 pieces can also combine with Armada Megatron or Galvatron as armor . This is a spectacular Transformer . Big , well constructed , but a little awkward because of its size in robot mode.I recommend this one to any Transformer lovers out there ... if you can find him in the stores : -RRB-
 i like the toy alot . i wish they would have made it a little bigger like in the show , but overall a great toy.i like any transformer combiner .
 These are what I wanted . Made in America . Safe -LRB- large enough -RRB- for a young child . I wish the items were cut out instead of strictly squares and rectangles but my kids do n't care . Lots of fun and very sturdy .
 My daughter loves these brightly painted toy foods . They are really cool , love them ! They are on the larger side .
 This charges the barbie jeep that we received as a hand me down with a missing charger . It does take over night to charge the battery up but I did n't want to pay the higher price for the faster charger . It works great , just takes some time . The only down side is that it does n't tell you when it is fully charged , you just have to guess . -LRB- no indicator light -RRB-
 Great product , delivered quickly and works just like advertised . I recommend this to anyone looking for a battery charger of this type .
 I purchesed this as a replacement Charger . The one i originally bought basically fell apart , but never really gave the batteries a good charge either . I purchased this as it was the cheapest one I could find and figured &#34; what the hell &#34; . The batteries for the Barbie Car now get a FULL charge , whereas before i dont think they were . they are lasting anywhere from 3-7 days before i need to switch out batteries . -LRB- we have 2 batteries -RRB- before i had to switch them out every day . The batteries are 2 years old . but the new charger has brought the life back to them .
 this was exactly what i ordered and it was brand new factory part . works great and ive had no problems .
 owned one in the past and loved it . When it died , just had to get another Love this steamer !!
 No problems using the new charger . The charger is new and charged the 12 volt battery for the jeep and worked great !
 I was very pleased with the product and service . I am looking forward to using this company again.This company is very reasonable .
 Nothing really special here . It charged the battery . Case closed . Now I 'm just writing enough words to publish the review .
 Works for Barbie Jeep Wrangler . very please and my daughter is one happy camper . now she plays with it all the time .
 I could not be happier with this charger . It was Inexpensive , it works perfectly , and it arrived quickly . I Love it !
 It works perfectly . Only thing is that it does n't tell you when its fully charged . Wish it did but it way less expensive than the one from Wally world .
 This charger works great and is compatible with the Power Wheels 12 volt battery . It charges it right up with ease .
 Item was to replace a hand down smart car , fits the yellow top battery . works well , but no indication when charging is complete . must follow manuel on how long to leave battery charging .
 It does what It 's supposed to do , It got here earlier than expected and the price was RIGHT , I love It !!!
 The i loves it and am very happy.This product was shipped fast and would not mind buying from again ... . thanks
 Exactly as ordered . After my dog chewed my original into , I had to replace it . No complaints . It outlasted the Barbie Jeep .
 Bought this to replace a broken one on my daughters Power Wheels Barbie Jammin Jeep . Works greats !! Arrived quickly ! Exactly like that original .
 The product was as advertised and arrived as scheduled . It suits the purpose for which it was ordered . Definitely would order again .
 This is exactly what I needed . I didnt have a charger for my childs powerwheel . It charged it right up and it did not take long to recieve it .
 We somehow lost the original charger when we moved so I went to Walmart to get a replacement . When I saw the price I decided to search online to get it cheaper . I was a bit skeptical that this would work since it was sooooo much cheaper than Walmart but I purchased it anyway . Glad I did because it works great ! The kids are glad I bought it too since they can use their 12v Ford Mustang again !
 Original charger & New.Happy Kids!Connecter
 This charger works great with our Barbie Jammin ' Jeep Wrangler . It had been sitting in the loft in our garage for 2 years and when I tried to sell it my kids had a fit . So , I ordered a new charger and they are having a blast with it again !!!
 It 's a 12 volt battery charger ... really what else is there to say ? It came as described and works perfect !
 I bought this as a replacement for the one I had and burnt out . I works just like the Original . Just plug it in and dont leave it plugged in when your done ...
 it worked great , it dose work on my barbie jeep for my daughter , i love this product hope you do to !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 We had received a powerwheels but without the charger . Good thing we checked them out here on amazon because they go for about $ 50 at other stores . We got an excellent deal and now my 2 yr old is having a blast cruizin around the block !!!
 I only know one word to decribe this battery charger -- AWESOME !!! I love it so much that i wear it around my neck everywhere I go . When peopole ask me about it , I go on and on talking about the virtues of this wonferful charger !!
 Nothing fancy here , but it clearly works with the gray 12v battery for select models of Powerwheels toys , and the product description on the amazon site made it easy to identify which power supply was the correct one for the product I have .
 Best price I could have gotten for this product after my husband lost the original and we could not charge the batteries for my grandaughters power wheels car . The price in the stores was twice what I paid here for it .
 The charger was delivered ahead of the time promised and was significantly less expensive than if I had purchased it directly from the manufacturer . I would recommend this retailer to anyone and would use it again .
 This charger was easy to find on Amazon.com and it works very well . One minor gripe was that it does n't have an indicator showing that it 's charging the battery and when the charging is complete .
 This charge works on the 12V battery in the Barbie Jeep . Way cheaper on here than in the stores .
 Great product . I bought it for my little girl 's Barbie Jeep when the charger would not charge a brand new battery . It is identical to the one that came with the Jeep . Worked perfectly !
 WE FOUND THE POWER WHEEL LEFT AT A VACANT APARTMENT AND THOUGHT WHAT A GIFT FOR OUR GRANDSON . TO OUR DEMISE THERE WAS NO POWER CORD CHARGER . THANKS TO AMAZON TO THE RESCUE AGAIN . THANK YOU
 We purchased this charger for a old hot wheels cadillac that a friend gave to us . We also purchased a battery with it , and everything works as advertised .
 works great out of the package and it is as described in the description I would recommend this to anyone needing one
 This charger was something we 've been looking for a long time and it was not only great but it came with a great price as well
 Fast , great service . Not your fault that I found the one I had two days after receiving this charger . Will keep for an emergency . Thank you Hard to rate this as a toy . IT `` S A CHARGER
 We lost my daughters plug for her power wheels , this was the perfect replacement . Plugged right in and worked perfectly . S Huber
 I inherited a Power Wheels Jeep from a family member , however it was missing the charger . After looking around I found this was the most inexpensive one I could find . It seems to work well .
 We were given a PowerWheels ATV without battery or charger . Looked up the model number and found this item . Works great .
 Quality product , what I was most impressed with was their customer service . They answered any and all questions in a very courteous and professional way .
 We lost the charger that came with the Barbie jeep . This one matches perfectly . THANKS !!
 The charger is the original charger that came with the Barbie Jeep , not a junk knock off out of china . it has worked great now for a few weeks . The shipping was extra fast , I think we actually received it the next day . thanks again guys !!
 It was a fun puzzle and the picture was beautiful . A little difficult due to the close colors but I really enjoyed it .
 AMAZINGLY good product from an AMAZINGLY good company.We bought one of these about 15 years . It was left out in the yard since day 1 , yet worked perfect for all that time . Recently , several 160 + - pound teenagers decided to ride it , breaking an axle . The company sold us a new axle for $ .40 and two new wheels for $ 1.00 each . With shipping , the replacement parts added up to less than $ 8.00 !!! I have NEVER seen a company provide such reasonably priced replacement parts.I LOVE this company and will buy their products forever.Best , David GreenbaumClearwater , Florida
 Length :
 This has provided hundreds of hours of entertainment for my children and friends for 2 years . There are three things that have been truely wise investments for our family since having children and this is # 2 . My children are 4 , 6 and 8 and are still spending a lot of time playing on this . It is made very durable . I have neighborhood children well over the intended age range that LOVE to play on this when at our house . It also serves as a great party activity . This is the perfect gift for children in the age range of 2-12 . It does require supervision when older children join in on the fun . They come up with other `` creative '' vehicles to use down the slopes . We have a little tykes push and ride red car that fits the track as well . We can have 2 children taking turns on the cars . The possibilities are endless .
 Bought this gift for our three year old granddaughter . Hestitated to do so because she has a one year sibling . However , both children have really enjoyed the rollercoaster . In addition , it gives indoor fun and wears off excess energy when the kids ca n't play outdoors .
 My younger children 2 & 4 got this toy from Grandma last Christmas ... It is still a favorite outside toy . They play great together , take turns and help each other bring the car back up for another ride . I have a boy and girl ... if it can make them this harmonious ... buy it !!!!
 This roller coaster was a gift to my nephew for his 2nd birthday last year . Both he and his 4 year old sister loved it immediately ! It is fantastic toy - well built , durable , and easy to use . Surprisingly , the kids equally enjoy both the downhill ride as well as the return ride . Rather than needing an adult to reset the cart for the next ride , they insist on doing it all by themselves - great ! They get a nice long ride when they set it up outdoors on their gently-sloped paved driveway . -LRB- Their mom has also let them use it inside their house with no problem . -RRB- Their parents were pleased to note that the kids have no trouble sleeping after getting a great workout with this toy . One year later , the kids -LRB- now at 3 and 5 years old -RRB- still enjoy using it . I highly recommend this roller coaster !
 I splurged on this and my children love it !!! It is in the backyard and they ride it every day . It is very , very durable and exceptionally easy to clean when the need arises . A simplistic but fun toy . I recommend you spend the money for your little one ! You wo n't regret it !
 My child is about to be 3 - so , I have n't gave this to him yet - it is for his birthday . I learned about this toy when I worked at a Daycare . The kids loved it -LRB- ages 2-5 -RRB- . It is a safe toy - as long as the younger ones do n't lean forward on it . I would highly recomend this toy !!!! I can not wait to give this to my Little Man !!!!
 THIS IS A FAVORITE AND FUNNEST OF THE TOYS THAT I HAVE FOR MY 3 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER AND CHILDCARE CHILDREN.THE KIDS PLAY CAR WASH WHEN IT IS WARM OUTSIDE AND USE A SPRINKLER AS THEY ROLL DOWN.I SET IT UP TO ROLL DOWN INTO MY HALL WAY WHEN IT IS IN THE HOUSE.IT TAKES UP ALOT OF SPACE , BUT IT SURE DOES KEEP THE KIDS ENTERTAINED , AND OH YES , THE ADULTS TOO.I KNOW IT IS NOT INTENDED FOR ADULTS BUT IT LOOKED LIKE FUN SO I JUST HAD TO TRY IT.MY SISTERS , BROTHER IN LAW , NEPHEWS , NIECES , AND EVEN MY DAD TRIED IT.IT HELD OUR WEIGHT BUT OF COURSE IT WORKED BEST WITH A PUSH.THAT SHOULD EXPLAIN HOW STURDY THIS COASTER IS .
 We bought this for our 18 month old daughter for Christmas . She loves it . She yells Weeeeeee !!! while she is riding it then when she gets to the end she says Up ! Up ! because she wants to do it again . She is just getting the hang of climbing on and engaging it herself . Once she has mastered that I do n't think we will be able to get her off . Even when she is not riding it she is climbing up and down on the slide . It is worth every penny . I would recommend this to anyone with a child 15 months to five years . It is completely safe and durable . We love it . Thank you Step2 .
 Reading the negative reviews it would seem for some this presents with safety issues.I was desperate to purchase one of these for my grandaughter , finally they became available , so at 8 months she was off . Initially we just gave her the vehicle to get used to manoeuvring it around . Once we could see she had good control of the `` car '' , we set up the track , indoors in the hall , on a tiled floor -LRB- for added speed -RRB- . I must stress that I coached her constantly during this stage . It is imperative that they learn the keep their feet on the rest provided , otherwise I can well imagine that accidents will result . Once I was sure that she would n't balk with the downward motion , holding her posture , hands and feet correctly , I would stand at the end , giving her extra reassurance . Needless to say it was the best fun an 8 month old ever had!They love to have control , so instantly reason the best way up , is via the same route as down ie pushing the `` car '' back up the slide . One needs to ensure that they are aware of the little stoppers at the top , and make sure they position the `` car '' safely before getting back on . It 's not long before little ones -LRB- once beyond the over excited stage -RRB- handle this like a pro.Appropriate supervision is a must with any child , they always need a little correction here and there , children will experiment , pushing boundaries , it 's why we are an advanced species , it 's inherent in our wiring . Do n't expect to leave them . As she grew , we increased the degree of difficulty by setting it up on a grassy hill . Even now at 6 years old , there is an area -LRB- they have a large property -RRB- beside the house that has a long -LRB- 150m/492 ' -RRB- steep grassy slope , together with her friends they have so much fun . They race each other , roller coaster v waterslide . AWAYS supervised , no one has ever hurt themselves . I ca n't imagine my grandaughter ever being out of sight of a competent adult.Amazon 's price -LRB- $ 105 -RRB- is excellent value , especially for a toy as durable as this -LRB- it does fade -RRB- . It endows child with great gross motor skills , an understanding of potential and kinetic energy , a bit of danger/bravery and a whole lot of fun .
 I got this when my son was almost 18 months old but he was afraid of it at that age so we put it away for a while . Now he is 21 months old and we got it out again and he likes it . We have a small condo so we keep it in pieces in the garage and bring it outside to play each day . It 's kind of a pain to carry the big pieces out all the time and then put them away after my son only plays with it for 10 minutes but I 'm still happy that we got it . The little car that is included is the best part because it rolls easily and my son enjoys just pushing it around everywhere even without the track . I feel this set is very durable and will not be outgrown quickly so it is worth the price . Just make sure you have enough space because it is 10 feet long and then the car will go at least another 10 feet after that so we had to use it outside even though I wanted it for indoors . I would say you need 20 feet of space for it at least though . I like that it comes apart easily and you can choose to put only one of the stairs on if you want it against a wall or have limited space . You can also interchange some of the track pieces to make it shorter but we never do that . I would say buy it if you have the space !
 We bought this as 2nd Birthday gift for my daughter . There was little assembly required -LRB- just snapping the sections togeter -RRB- . She loves it ! She learned how push the car to the top until it clicks into place , and then take off ! All of the kids at her party had a blast on it ! It seems to be built very sturdy , also !
 This toy is really fun ! My five year old loves it just as much as my 17 month old . We move it all around the yard and have never had a problem with putting it back together or taking it apart . I like the part that we can break it down and pu it away if we need .
 Bought it for my grandson 's second birthday . He loves it and can return the car and get on it with just minimal help . Just love to hear him giggle every time he goes down the hill . The older kids like it also !
 My 2 year old has this . It 's loads of fun for him and was a breeze to put together as it just snaps right together . He plays with it everyday : -RRB- He also has it at his playgroup and all the kids there fight over it because it 's so much fun haha
 I was not sure about this product but my kids love it . They are 4 and 3 . We set this up for a bday and every parent asked where to buy it . Tons of fun for the little ones . Recomend setting up next to hill get even more speed .
 My 2-1/2 year old grandson has so much fun with this coaster . He loves pushing the car back up the hill and getting back on ... he rides it frontwards , backwards ... he also brings out his other -LRB- smaller -RRB- cars and lets them go down the track . The coaster is sturdy and well made . We 're very happy with our purchase .
 Bought this for my daughters kids for christmas , she has a 4 year old boy and twins -LRB- boy and girl -RRB- age 15 mos at christmas time . All three loved it and still do 6 months later.While visiting her with my son at Easter time , his son age 4 also had a blast with it so I just purchased it for him for his birthday recently and its been a hit . The younger of the two boys is 15 months now and does need help but at that age you would want to be right there anyway.It does take up some space . It can be used outdoors.I give it 5 stars for fun , but for the younger ones , under 2 Adults need to be close by for assistance .
 I bought this for my 2 year old in may for her birthday . EVERY kid at the party had a blast with it . Its been about a month and she still loves it , but does not play with it every day . Its one of those type of toys that is super fun if there is more then one child playing with it , but my daughter being an only child gets bored with it easily . She has ALOT of fun when her dad pushes her on it though . Overall its a great toy , but dont expect your kid to play with it daily . $ 100 Is not a bad price though , and delivery was super fast .
 I have to admit , I have not owned this in several years , but I have owned two of them ! I am the mother of four and I seriously could not wait to have another child to own another one ! Ha ! What a great toy ! It is sturdy and durable ! You can not beat it for fun and laughs . I was able to purchase a second `` car '' so the kids did n't have to wait in line ! I would have loved to have tried the Extreme Coaster !!! Definitely a BUY ! If in doubt , GO FOR IT !
 I ca n't say anything bad here . I searched many sites and found the price well under any others . Shipping was fast and arrived in good shape . I would recommend this to anyone with children or grandchildren ages 2 to 6 . My grandchildren have spent hours at a time playing on this.Donna in Fl .
 I got this for my grandkids and they just love it . Definitely worth the money . If you get a deal on the shipping please take advantage of it . I thought the shipping fee was a little high . The grandkids play with it everyday . Ages 20 months and 3yrs .
 Our daughter is 2 and she LOVES this toy . She plays with it as a roller coaster and she uses it to let her cars go down , her baby dolls roll down , and she likes to climb up on it as well . It is long , but I do n't think TOO long , nore do I think it takes up much room . With long winter days she has had many smiles and keeps her active . It will be GREAT I am sure once summer comes to MI as well . I am glad we purchased this .
 My kids love this ! They fight over it constantly because they do n't want to take turns . It 's pretty safe too !
 I bought this roller coaster for my almost 5 year old and my two year old daughters ! Well lets just say they LOVE it ! They play with it as a roller coaster for a bit , then they find whatever they can that will roll down the track . They also chase each other up and down it . It is VERY durable . I even tried it ! Let me just say tho , the bigger you are the slower you go . I would buy this product 100 more times to see the same smiles I see everytime they play on this !
 Have a 9 yr old boy , 3.5 yr old boy and 2 yr old girl . Bought for Christmas this year because we live in Minneapolis and are stuck inside for far too long over the winter months . Kids needed some activity that keeps them moving ... they go up and down this coaster all day . And if the are n't using the car that comes with it , they will run down the hills , send other toys down the hills and slide down backwards ... it has been a very versatile toy so far ! The only complaint I have heard from my boys is that it would be a lot more fun if it was higher -LRB- more steep of a slope -RRB- . My sister recommended this to me , she had one for her boys and they played with it for years . A good Christmas gift in my book .
 My 5 and 2 year-old just got this for Christmas yesterday . They LOVE it . We have a great location for it in our house , but I can see how it would be too massive for a lot of people . The best thing about this toy is how many other things you can do with it . We race matchbox cars on it , roll balls up and down it , and it is PERFECT for the Tonka racerback remote control car . We also have the Gator Golf game , and it 's a lot of fun to put the golf balls at the top of the ramp and putt them down the ramp and try to get them into the gator 's mouth . I have not found a single negative about this toy . I got it for under $ 90 at Sam 's , which makes it even more enjoyable . This was definitely the best toy from Christmas , made even better since it can be used in combination with so many of our other toys . My son has fallen off of it once , but it was total operator error. : -RRB-
 The Up and Down Roller Coaster is a great , safe , durable , fun toy . My toddler grandsons love it . With four grandchildren from age 3 1/2 to 3 months , this toy will get lots of use .
 I bought this for my 2-year old boy . He absolutely loves it . It took him about 10 or 15 minutes to figure out how to move the `` bus '' up the track all by himself .
 Daughter loves this thing up and down and plenty of `` weeesssss '' . great toy very durable and teaches a toddler how to `` hold on '' .
 My twins LOVE this toy . When we first got it , they wanted to ride it all day . It was great for them learning to take turns . I 've even taken a ride or two on it . ; -RRB- Now they 're almost 5 and they like to ride it backwards in between sessions with their scooters and plasma cars.Amazon has it for a FANTASTIC price - $ 40 less than what Step2 sells it .
 My grandkids love this roller coaster ! They can spend hours on it and love the little car by itself too .
 I bought this for my son 's 2nd Bday . He & his 4 year old brother love it . There were kids as old as 8 years old at his party and they even liked it . It 's very easy to put together too . I would recommend this to everyone !
 I purchased this roller coaster for my grandsons , ages 2 and 3 for Easter . They absolutely love it . It goes from one end of their driveway to the other so it is a nice long ride . I would recommend this roller coaster for anyone with enough space inside or out to enjoy it .
 Purchased for my 2 1/2 year old son by his grandparents for Easter , this is a big hit ! At first he seemed a bit tall but quickly learned how to position his legs properly for a good ride . Lots of fun as he rides and also uses the coaster as a race track for his little cars ! As other reviews have noted , you do need extra space for coasting and must always keep your eye on your little one as they have creative imaginations . The cart actually flipped off the track and on top of him when he attempted to get on while it was already in motion ... All in all , worth the money and delivered very fast !!!
 My twin granddaughters absolutely love this toy . I would highly recommend this toy to anyone with toddlers .
 This product was much cheaper from Amazon . It arrived quickly , was quickly unpacked and put together . Our 2 grandsons spent hours 1 rainy day indoors in the basement having a blast riding down the hill in the car ! Also great for outdoor use .
 Our kids are n't jumping on this toy every day , but every time a new friend visits , they jump back on it . It also sees plenty of service as a track to roll balls on .
 This is a very nice toy for kids at the age of 2 - 5 as advertised . My kids play it over and over . When other kids come over for playday , it is certainly one of the most centered game . It does need some space and safety set up around this toy .
 I am praying that this arrives by Christmas Eve as I know it will be a big hit at our annual Christmas Eve party for the kids . If there 's ANY way possible to hurry this order so it arrives in time , I will be elated !
 Can this be correct ? The price for the very same product on Toys-R-Us is $ 119.00 ?!
 This roller coaster is an exceptional value and FUNdamental . I bought this 5 years ago for my older son -LRB- now 8 -RRB- and my younger son -LRB- 4 -RRB- rides it everyday . A MUST for thrill seekers of all ages . AND if they do n't want to ride , it makes a great track for all of those Matchbox cars .
 THIS IS A GREAT TOY IN OR OUT -LRB- YES , YOU NEED SPACE -RRB- . IT TEACHES SHARING AND TAKING TURNS PLUS THE SCREAMS OF EXCITEMENT AND SMILES ARE WORTH EVERY DOLLAR.SOLIDLY MADE ANDAND EASY TO STORE.CHILDREN PLAY WITH IT FOR HOURS .
 My 2 1/2 year old and his friend love this roller coaster . They can hardly wait for their turn . It is extremely durable . I know that this toy will still be great when my baby is big enough to play on it .
 This looked like the most fun a kid could have ... to me . I sucked up the price because I imagined my son playing on it for hours . My two and a half year old rides it occasionally but enjoys it much more when he can rope an adult into pushing him `` really fast '' . Now most of the time he uses it as a ramp for his cars and trains . Which I guess is okay too . My 11 month old boy enjoys crawling up and down on the track but occasionally there are fights as both of them want to use the track at the same time and can be dangerous if the little one gets in the way of the car.One thing about this expensive toy that has not lost it 's charm after 3 months is the big box it comes in . We cut out windows and a sky light to be Nate 's `` house '' and his hide away from baby brother , it affords him a few minutes of peace anyway .
 This is the BEST toy . All of the children from our neighborhood line up to take a turn . All ages -LRB- from 18 months to 6 years ! -RRB- Endless hours of amusement .
 my granddaughters loved this toy they play with it for hours
 This ride is a hoot !!! Our neighbor had one and most ride-on toys will work fine . Especially for 3 and under , make sure it is a non-stearing type , hold-on only bar ...
 Bought this Step 2 Up & Down roller coaster for my grandkids . They love it and use it almost every day .
 Kids really love this ! They are really drawn to it . We have it outside but if you have enough space you could put it inside also . It 's really cute and a lot of fun !
 But it goes really fast so was a bit scared after going down it twice . She then put her dollie in the car , pushed it up the slide and let her go down , over and over again . Smart , cautious kid .
 The step 2 roller coaster is amazing ! My son loves this toy ... it is very easy to assemble and really durable .
 The design is sturdy and works great.This one has been a huge hit with our kids . I think any kiddo from 2-4 years would absolutely love it . -LRB- With that said , our 5 year old and even 7 year old have been having a blast with it with their younger sister ! -RRB-
 Shipped fast . Assembled in three easy steps and my children are learning to take turns . They play for hours on it .
 After 2 years , my son still loves to play with it . When he 's tired of riding , he puts his stuffed animals on the car to give them a ride . Sturdy material looks as good as new and yet it 's light and easy to disassemble and move .
 Received very promptly from Amazon . Set up time less than 5 minutes . Disassembly time less than 5 minutes . Very solidly built . Our granddaughter who is 2 and 1/2 loves it . Highly recommended !
 My four year old played with this all day Christmas Day , and my older 2 boys kept trying to ride it . I caught my nine year old on it , and I just knew he would break it . It held up and continues to be fun for my youngest . The next one I 'll buy will be the extreme coaster .
 I bought this for my grandkids age 6 1/2 ,2 1/2 and 1 for x-mas and they loved it !!!!! step 2 is well worth the money it will last for many years I 'm sure .
 I had been eyeing this toy for a few months and decided to ask for it for Christmas for my two year old . He loves it ! I love its simplicity . He can climb up , get on , and push off all on his own .
 Our grandson played for hours . The roller coaster is very easy to put tract together . The coaster is fun inside and outside .
 My 15 month old and 3 1/2 year old play with this daily . They love it . They were fighting over it at first but it helped us reinforce sharing . My 15 month old knows after it is her turn , her sister goes . They run for this when they get home . We have it set up inside and on our hardwood floors and they go pretty far . I was surprised at how safe it was and my 15 month old is good at using with a little help from her sister and our supervision .
 my daughter is almost 3 and she loves this toy . fun for her and her friends for hours !
 this roller coaster is soooo fun for my 2 year old ... this is definatley a good toy ... its expensive but its really cool 2 have a roller coaster in ur backyard !!!! we had this for my sons 3rd birthday party and all the kids took turns riding it ... we had a blast !!!!
 Great fun and very inexpensive and easy to put together ! Kids have a great time with it and it is so light weight that it can be easily moved !
 I love Step 2 products for their durability . This roller coaster has been put through every test my family could think of and has withstood every single one . It is an awesome toy and reasonably priced for the hours of joy it has provided .
 My neighbors have this toy and my grandchildren played with it all the time . I got them their own for a birthday gift and they were so excited to get to take it home . They play with it for hours . It is so durable . They feel like they are big kids when they ride it !
 My 1 year old son loves this toy so much . It is very easy to put together . We can put it up indoors or outdoors . He loves to see how far he can go in yellow car .
 I purchased this roller coaster for my 20 month old daughter after she played on one at her friends house a few months back . She loves it !!! Besides it 's intended use , my daughter just rides the car around the house , gives her toys a ride on it , rolls things up & down the track & scoots down the track on her backside . It is versitile . My soon to be born child will also be able to get years of enjoyment out of it too.Ok , as with any toy or activity for younger children , adult supervision is requested . It is possible to tip over in the car or crash into something . My daughter is quite the daredevil & will go down backwards . She pushes the car back up the track herself & climbs on , sometimes avoiding the 2 steps to mount the car . Overall a great investment !!
 My son has a lot of energy to burn , and we live in an apartment with no yard , so on days when we ca n't get out to the park , this toy has been great . I love the sturdiness of it . I could store this after my son outgrows it and it would keep until his kids want to ride it . Or , I really think because it holds up so well , I could resell it for almost what I actually paid for it -LRB- $ 85 shipped -RRB- . It has 3 big parts that make up the slide that fit easily into each other . The purple stairs on either side slide under the green top part , and then you have the car . That 's it . We have a long living room , so we just set it up in the kitchen and let him slide across the room . We put a couple rugs underneath to not disturb the neighbors . It 's great . We 've had it for 7 months now and when it 's set up , he 'll still hop on it 5 times throughout the day ... more if we give him a push from behind -LRB- because then he goes faster -RRB- . He also uses it to slide his cars and other toys down . Good investment !
 My daughter is 2yrs . 3 mo. and she is very easily bored with toys . I have spent thousands of dollars on toys and they just sit there ! This thing is awesome . I can set it up outside , or we currently have it in the basement . She LOVES it . Best money I have spent so far . Wish they had this when I was a kid ! : -RRB-
 Kid 's just love this Roller Coaster . Bought it for my DD 2nd B-day Party and it was a hit . Even some of the bigger kids rode it . Very durable , heavy plastic , great purchase if you have the room .
 Bought this for my daughter after she played with it at a friends house . She was about 18 months at that point . She is now 2 and still plays with it pretty much everyday . My niece who is 5 also enjoys playing on it when she comes over .
 Well made and easy to assemble . I put it together by myself in less than five minutes . I have a two year old boy and four year old girl and it is perfect for these ages . My five year old nephew and seven year old niece enjoyed it as well even though they were a little big for it . Its easy for the kids to use without help , even the two year old can roll it back in to place to use again and again . Mine is used on a large porch with a concrete floor and it works well . I would recommend this to anyone with toddlers and small children , it gets plenty of use here and we have had it for months . Additionally , the slide itself is used alone by my kids once they are tired of riding . My kids roll balls , cars , etc up and down the ramp ... as I said they play with it often .
 This is a great toy , my grand daby loves our neighbors so I decided to buy her one for Christmas .
 I bought this for my toddler to use inside on long winter days when we ca n't get out . So far she loves it ! She can use it by herself and entertain herself for quite some time !
 My kids have had this for a while and continue to play with it . My only complaint is that the scoop in the orange section holds water if left outside . It is cumbersome to take down and store , so we just leave it up . If it rains , the water pools in this section and has to be dumped in order for the kids to play with it . Other than that , the kids LOVE it !
 This toy is an absolute hit . We 've purchased two of them ! -LRB- One for each set of grandchildren . -RRB- They all LOVE it .
 EVERYONE who comes to play at our house LOVES this toy . It 's very durable and has held up in the 2 years we 've had it -LRB- not sure the weight limit on it but I even tested it out when I first set it up -RRB- . We use it indoors and it 's great . It does take up a little bit of space because it is long and then you need some run out room at the end for the car to go , but we have the space so that was n't an issue for us .
 This product is as pictured . It 's a definite fun time . I ordered for my son 's 3 year old birthday party . Kids of all ages enjoyed this toy . It 's VERY easy and quick to set up . Durable and sturdy . I would highly recommend .
 this toy rocks ! my son loves to ride on it , and he can reload the car easly himself.he can race other cars down it.walk on it and he hasnt feel off once.i saw one at a garage sale and they said thats the most played with toy they own , and i got ta say i think it may become ours as well !
 My almost 5 year old daughter used to play with this at her play gym , so I knew it would be a perfect Christmas gift for my very active 16 month old nephew . He LOVES it !
 Tried this at a indoor play place and a two year old had a ball . Bought for my grandchildren and found out the older kids love it as well . Go exercise running the car up the ramp as well .
 We bought this for our 2 year old son for Christmas . He absolutely LOVES it , and the way it is made he can completely do it himself . It has great little steps on each side and the car fit into deep grooves which makes it easy for him to put in on the track easily and safely . This was a hit for all the kids . . age 10 , 6 , 4 and 2 . -LRB- and a few crazy adults ! -RRB- . We do n't have a lot of extra money , but we honestly felt like as much fun as the kids have had on it for 2 days , even if it broke in a month it would be worth the money ! I do n't think it will though . . very strong pastic and the track is very sturdy . The car is even fun to ride on the sidewalk as well . I ca n't imagine any child not having a BLAST on this ! : -RRB-
 Bought this for Christmas for our two grand-daughters -LRB- ages 2-1/2 and 18 months -RRB- . Their parents gave us no idea what to buy them for Christmas so I looked on Amazon , searched and read reviews . When I told their parents what we had purchased for the girls , they were not excited about it . On Christmas everyone was at our home and when the girls saw the roller coaster they were ecstatic . Then they started to play with it and even the 18 month old was doing just fine and loved it . The Coaster was a BIG HIT !! At one point we took the car off it and the girls used the track as a slide and then crawled and ran up and down it . They had a ball with the car on or off . Their parents came up to us later and said that they thought the roller coaster was wonderful . Thank God !
 We bought this for our grandson . What I could n't tell from other reviews was if after putting the coaster together could you take it apart for storing it . YES , you can . It just slips in and out of grooves on each piece . This makes it great to bring out whenever you want to . So really no assembly . The car comes ready to go.My grandson is 16 months and loved it . I will say you definitely need to supervise of course . He ca n't navigate the stairs well so we help him up on it . This is such a great toy and def . worth the price !
 This a great ride on toy for my 2.5 yr old . He can move the car up the ramp himself . And no assembly required - it comes out of the box ready to roll !
 This is so easy to put together and take down because there is no hardware , and our daughter loved it . . The car rolls freely and quickly down and I have never seen her eyes light up so big as the first time she went down . So much fun , we love this toy . Great for inside or out .
 My grandchildren love this toy , they play on it everyday . They get upset waiting on their turn , so I need another car !!
 I bought this for my three old grandson , not only does he love it , so does his one year old sister ! Right now it is set up in the living room , come smmer , it will be moved outside , knowing my grandson , he will want to set it up so he can ride it into the swimming pool
 Got this for the grandkids , for our hilly backyard ! They race to see who goes further ! Love it very happy
 My grandson loves it . I bought several step 2 products this year because of the durability , quality , and value . Will buy again .
 We received this as a gift for our 2 and a half year old special needs son . He is usually quite fearful of things & we thought for sure he would be terrified of it . The first few rides we held the handle as he went to make sure he was safe . He LOVED it and kept signing `` More '' . He started going down by himself and its helping him with balance . Supervision is a MUST . In our case we need 2 people -LRB- one on his side and the other at the bottom -RRB- but one person for healthy children would be okay . It does take up space but we have been easily setting it up and taking it easily . Great toy , Great entertainment !
 I bought one of these almost ten years ago for my oldest daughter . She played with it until she was too big for it
 Very good quality toy . I would recommend the Step 2 Up & Down Roller Coaster . Our grand-daughter loved it ! : -RRB-
 My 2 year old loves this . She has a blast and quickly learned how to slow herself down when it comes off the track . She also quickly learned how to put the car back on the track by herself to go again , we have this inside for winter play . My daughter also likes to run along the track without the car . We are very glad we purchased and it was worth the price .
 My 19 month grandbaby loves this toy . Her mouth is wide open all the way down ! Now that she is getting a little use to it , it is a full belly laugh on the way down . Just love it . Best toy ever !
 So easy to put together . We got this for my 2-yo daughter 's b-day , and both she and my 4-yo son , love it . Very easy to put together .
 Finally I bought something that my kids play with ! I have a 1 and 4 year old that love this ! They ride the roller coaster car , send teddy bear down the slide , use the slide to walk on , use it as a track for match box cars , and have so much fun with friends come over . Best purchase ever ! I 've had it for a year and it 's holding up well !
 If you have the space this is awesome ! My children had used it at a local play place . Very easy to use . My 2 yr old can dot it all by himself and my one year old can ride it easily after you put her on it .
 My 19month old daughter LOVES this ride ! She does it all by herself . It was very easy to assemble , but it does take up a lot of room .
 I purchased the `` Roller Coaster '' toy for my Grandson for his 2nd Birthday . He loves it ! He rides it over and over and wo n't stop.He even pushes the coaster back to it 's starting position and gets on it again and again . One of the best Gifts I 've ever given him .
 We bought this after seeing it at an indoor playspace . My kids -LRB- 18 mo old twins -RRB- have played with it NON STOP since the moment we put it together . They love riding it and both of them in a matter of a few days have figured out how to roll the car back up to the top and climb on all on their own . Its been incredible to watch the trial and error as they experimented with different ways to get it up to the top . They have also been rolling their toy cars down it , rolling balls from top to bottom and then trying to push them back up to the top again . They walk on it , slide on it , climb over it and ride on the car by itself on the floor . This toy is a god send .
 I purchased this as a Christmas present for my three year old who LOVES roller coasters or anything that moves fast . We set it up in our family room and she 's on it everyday . The car is sturdy but light enough for her to carry it back to the base so she can ride back down -LRB- this is , of course , after my husband and I have taken turns doing it for her but we were worn out after more than a dozen times or so , EACH -RRB- . The car and coaster are both sturdy and it looks like we 'll get many years of use out of it .
 Great toy , I was first worried about how well this product would be made , my concern was car would fall off side of track . Nothing to worry about , product is well made and stays on track ! Our 15 month old is a little young for it bday is later in year so decided to get for Christmas . I think in a month or so he will be playing on it nonstop ! Very easy to use and assemble . Seems to be well made for what we paid .
 My 2 year old little girl received this for her birthday and she LOVES it !!! There is n't anything bad I can say about it . I ca n't wait till it warms up and we can take it outside !!
 We bought this for twin 23 month olds . They know no fear and hopped right on . They immediately figured out how to push and/or carry the car to the top , hop on and push themselves off . When they did n't use the car , they used the ramp as a fun follow the leader trail . Easy to assemble and to take apart . Sturdy - the adults tried it out :-RRB- Worth every cent .
 We bought this for our kids ages 13 months and 29 months . They LOVE it ! We have only had it about 2 weeks now but it has been played with every day ... frontwards and backwards ! My oldest loves rolling his cars down it as well . Evidently , it 's a fun track for racing cars . I would definitely recommend this toy for the young ones .
 We bought this for our almost 3 year old and he loves it ! But , his 7 year old brother loves it just as much ! Definitely a great purchase - this is the best entertainment when they have friends over too !
 I just bought this for my 21 month old grandson for Christmas and I was a little worried that he might be too young for it . It was an INSTANT hit ! We walked him down the track for the first ride and that was it . He literally screamed with delight by the third ride . This is a great , durable , safe toy . The construction is excellent and it can be taken apart for storage ... although I doubt you will get to store it for long . I am extremely pleased with this purchase !!
 I am not going to go into a long review here . But this thing is great . We bought it for our 28 month old , and he loves it . The first time he went down , he had the biggest smile on his face . We had to load him on and then push him . I quickly -LRB- after 4 rides -RRB- how to push it back onto the track and up the ramp , and lock in the wheel holds . Then showed him how climb the steps and get on and then push it off himself . I was actually pretty shocked on how quickly he was able to do this himself , considering he still wants us to hold his sippy cup and all.But it is very well built and takes all of 1 minute to put together.Hopefully he does n't get too bored with it too quickly .
 I 've been wanting to buy one of these for awhile now , but never found the right price . With free shipping from Amazon , it was worth it . My 15month old daughter can push it up the track into place , climb up the steps , get on the car and get herself going . My 3 1/2 year old son rides in several different ways -LRB- backwards , sideways , legs out -RRB- . We have it as an inside toy right now , but we are not opposed to it being outside at a later time.It has taught them to share and take turns plus they like to give each other a push . They also like to walk up and down it , my daughter has tried to `` slide '' down it , and for New Year 's we borrowed a friend 's coaster and had races . My son has been known to ride his Step 2 motorcycle down the track as well.It is very simple to put it together and take apart - just snap into place ... and the box is fun to play with too !
 Bought this for my twin nephews expecting that they would n't be able to use it for a while ... they are 8 months , and while ca n't use it by themselves , LOVE riding the coaster with mom or dad holding them up . They just smile and giggle . It was a HUGE hit !
 My son got this toy for Christmas after we saw how much he enjoyed it at daycare . Trust me , it 's worth every penny . He is 20 months old and he has no trouble navigating the cart , ramp , and steps all by himself . When he 's tired of riding it -LRB- which is rare -RRB- , he puts his stuffed animals on it and pushes them . His older sister rides it too . She is 3 1/2 and weighs about 40 lbs and enjoys it just as much . It was all very easy to put together as well .
 My 2 yr old gdaughter was so thrilled with this toy that she didnt want to open any more gifts after getting on this . SHe would just say `` dont want it . . `` When someone else had a turn on the roller coaster she went to pieces.She was so thrilled that after she went down the ramp she was almost frantic to push the car back up the ramp , scramble onto the car again and weeee ! go all the way down.She quickly learned how to get on , reset the car , where to place her feet etc.Amazing toy - worth every penny . I really didnt have to buy her any other gifts.She went home with out opening the all of her toys - she was too enamored with this.Next visit we will open the rest.The 3 yr old boy loved it too - he wanted to do tricks - go down sideseated , backwards or one leg in the air - have to watch out for that . The 7 & 8 yr old were amused by it too , they were still with in weight range although their additional weight slowed down the car.Really not a suitable toy for that age . But the older ones very much enjoyed running along side their younger siblings , giving them a push - great family fun and antics . You wont regret spending the money . Looked all over - Amazon had the best price and with my Prime Amazon account it was a no brainer . There is a model for the older kids but a much bigger investment.The very end of the toy where you mount the car , could use a hand rail to hold on to but you can get around that be placing the toy perpendicular to and up against a wall or fence - like a T formation .
 We purchased this roller coaster as a Christmas present for granddaughter who is 18 months old . She absolutely loves riding the coaster . We spent a good portion of Christmas day watching the pure joy on her face as she went down the ramp . Because the car is just the right size for her , she enjoys scooting around the house on it too .
 We bought this as a Christmas gift for my 20 month old -- it was a huge his -LRB- for him and his 5 year-old sister -RRB- . He can push the cart up and get on and go down himself -- it 's just long enough to scoot down the hardwood floor , but not with so much gusto that he crashes . What a fun toy , especially when its cold out . Good exercise , good confidence builder , good fun ! Thank you Santa !
 We bought this for our 20 month old grandson . There could n't have been a bigger smile on his face from his first ride down . He wanted to ride itagain and again - laughing and smiling the whole way down . Took no time at all for him to figure out how to get up and on the car on his own . Great buy . Wish they had something like this when I was young . I wanted to get on the coaster myself !
 This was a Christmas present for my grandkids . They are still having a ball riding on it . This will also be a great toy for outdoors when the weather permits . Very pleased with the product . Also , at the time I purchased it the item was on sale . So , I was pleased with the price .
 I first saw this roller coaster at the Kid 's clubhouse where I take my 2 year old grandson for a day of play . He loved this coaster . Since he now lives in a large house with a lot of yard-it was a perfect present for his birthday ! All the children at his birthday party loved the coaster-it was the hit of the party , even though there was a jumping house , train ride and various arts and craft projects-they all wanted to ride the coaster ! Even his mom and dad got on it to see how it worked!It comes apart easily and is sometimes set up in the family room , where my grandson and his dad love to have monster trucks races down the coaster ! Amazon had the best price at the time . Delivery was quick and everyone is very satisfied with the product .
 We are saving this one for the holidays , but my children -LRB- ages 3 and 1 -RRB- have played with it at frieds houses over and over . They love it ! It is solid , stable , and provides great into physical activity . I ca n't wait to see their faces when they open it !
 I got this for my daughter 's first birthday . She loves it ! I think as she gets older she will love it even more . Right now I have to set her on it for her to ride but she hangs on by herself and rides it until the end -LRB- i have pillows set up to stop her -RRB- . We set this up indoors for now , when she gets older we will probably take it outside . I love that she can ride it off the end of the track . I also got on it to test it out so it is really sturdy . She also rolls balls down it so that is another plus . Overall great toy and I think the price is right on .
 My one year old received this as a gift . It was the hit of the party . There were kids from age 1-5 and they all loved it . The older kids started going down backwards and putting it on a hill outside while my one year was just as content to hold on and cruise right on down !
 This toy is just fantastic !!! My son has a wonderful time on it . We would visit a local toy shop regularly that had one set up for the kids to try and he would go straight over to it . It was always difficult to get him to leave ! We recently decided to buy one as he 's now old enough to no longer require an adult to assist him on and off etc -LRB- although I would never recommend leaving your children alone with this toy , they can topple off sideways if they throw their weight and it will result in a painful fall if this happens at the top . This is not to say that the toy in unstable , quiet the opposite but my son has had a few episodes of lets say over exuberant behaviour that have resulted in some near misses -RRB- You do need to mindful that it will take up a reasonable amount of storage space when not in use but it can easily be stacked . It 's so quick to put together , nice and stury , plesant colours and the car can be used separately from the track . We have a another baby on the way and this is hopefully going to help save my sanity in those last few weeks when I 'm not up to running around the park for more than an hour . Oh yes and a great `` rainy day toy '' . We are actually taking this to a local park to use during my son 's birthday celebrations , should keep all the little one 's amused for a while .
 Bought this roller coaster for my son , for his 1st birthday . He loves it !!! I 'm sure it 's a toy that he will enjoy for a long time . During the summer we will use it outside . It is currently being used in the house .
 Nice and sturdy . Takes up alot of space , but can easily be broken down and put back together . My kids like it alot . I would recommend this if you have the space and the time to assist the kiddies in enjoying this toy .
 Great product - well made . Grandson enjoys it . Takes up approximately 12-15 feet in length . Make sure you have the space for it . Assembly and take down is easy . Product was on sale and shipping was free therefore price was right , Shipping could be expensive .
 I received this from my aunt when her girls out grew -LRB- oldest is now 16 -RRB- this and my oldest was about two -LRB- he is six now -RRB- . It is in great condition and is quite old now . It is an older model of this toy the only difference being the colors . It did n't get much use from my kids until about two years ago . We moved into a house with a slopped driveway and my boys along with all the neighborhood kids like to ride the coaster down the driveway for hours at a time . I make sure they all are wearing a helmet . Even the middle schoolers like to play on it . It has been left out in the snow , been kicked , walked all over , had 4-5 six year old sitting on it at one time and it is still going strong and will probably last for several more years . It is however very bulky , it does disassemble very easy but still takes up a lot of space when in storage.I would recommend this toy to anyone with active kids . They will get a kick out it .
 The Step 2 Up & Down Roller Coaster is a great product . Made of heavy weight plastic that is easily cleaned and can be put together in seconds . My 11 month old grandson LOVES this product . He is a daredevil already ! It is not to high off the ground and the colors great for either boy or girl .
 This is a great way for your toddler to get their energy out ! My daughter is 21 months old and loves this rollercoaster - it keeps her on her feet for at least a half hour at a time . I love it , it 's very easy to put together and does n't take up too much space .
 I had been wanting to purchase this item for quite some time and FINALLY Amazon offered free shipping . It was by far the best deal even compared to Walmart with free site to store shipping . I have a 3 year old and 1 year old twins and they love this roller coaster . Since we live in Texas and it is getting so hot outside I actually have this in my living room . It is so easy to assemble and take apart that it blends in with the kids ' other toys without taking up too much room . I would highly recommend this item for hours of entertainment . Well worth the wait . : -RRB-
 As you might imagine , there are a few drawbacks to this toy . I 'll list them before the praise.First , kids under 3 are going to occasionally hurt themselves . It 's recommended for children 2-5 , but , let 's be honest , if you have an 18-month-old that can walk , you 're going to put them on it . They can ride it and will love it , but they will need help getting on ; they have to learn to hold their feet up on the car or out to avoid the wheels ; and they occasionally forget the need to hold on to the bar . We use a loader and a catcher -LRB- mom and dad -RRB- for anyone under 3 . Even a three-year-old will occasionally just fall off while getting on or run into another kid , if more than one kid present . But the toy is designed low enough to the ground that injuries should be more tears than actual bruises -LRB- unless you use it outside on your concrete driveway -RRB- . Second , the toy takes a lot of space if you use it indoors , or even if you just plan to store it someplace when it 's not being used.Third , this type of activity can often be short-lived . Do n't buy this and expect it to be used every day for hours . My kids did n't play with it every day , so I started keeping it in the garage and bringing it out for special occasions like rainy days and visiting friends . They kids will play with the coaster for about 15-20 minutes each , at the most.Fourth , you 'll need to closely supervise the use of this toy , especially if there 's more than one kid playing with it . For kids under 4 , you may be doing a bit of work yourself in getting them on and pushing them back to the top . For the older kids , you may just referee and make sure that nobody stands in front of the track.Now that may sound like a lot of negatives for a toy that I rated a 5 , but you simply can not have this much active fun inside the house without a trampoline or a really big ball pit . For children ages 2 and 3 , this toy is more exciting than most adults would expect . The coaster is a solid construction and easy to put together and take apart in seconds . It even holds an adult should you want to test it out for yourself . Even older kids 5-6 love it , but you have to watch them a little as they try to increase the fun by doing more daring things like going down backwards . Finally , the editorial review was exactly right-the car does get used separately from the track and -LRB- when I kept my track out all the time -RRB- the kids played on it with matchbox cars and balls on a daily basis -LRB- it just took too much space in our play room -RRB- . I wish they made toys like this when I was a kid .
 I bought this Roller Coaster for my niece 's first Christmas . It took less then a couple of minutes to set up using no instructions . My niece was 11 months old at the time and could just hold on while we walked along side her . She loved it !!! Now almost 5 months later , it is still in perfect condition . She can now ride it by herself , she pushes the coaster back up the track climbs on and goes again . She still loves it!Good for up to age 7 or 8 . My friend tried it and liked it and she weights around 130 + pounds . The older ones can ride on it and enjoy it as much as the younger children . The track is also fun to roll things down such as balls and toy cars . The car can be used without track also . As a side note the car makes a clicking sound as you push it back up the track which sounds like a real roller coaster . -LRB- its darling -RRB- Well worth the money and the amazing thing is that it is so durable it will be something that can be used for years .
 I work at a day care center and all the kids I watch love this track . They giggle when the ride ends and the are still coasting on the wood floor . One of the more easy toys to put together . I also like that you can use the car to ride on without the track . Great item for all kids under 80ish lbs .
 The Step 2 Up and Down Roller Coaster is a great toy , and yes , is hours of fun . The first day we brought ours home , our 14 month old had taught herself to climb the steps , hang onto the handle bars , and push herself off to get the coaster to move . The steps are easy for a little child to climb , and even if they fall , it 's a VERY short distance , I sincerely doubt a child could get hurt on this . Our little one is now 17 months old , and the fun factor has not worn off . She now can push the coaster back to the top of the ramp , to go for another ride ... she 's very independant , and this toy has been perfect for her . I think it 's helped her and her urge to do everything on her own , and since it 's an easy toy for children to crawl on , play with , they CAN do it on their own ! Durable , easy to assemble , it maybe took us all of 5 minutes to get it together , and it moves easily . Washable , and our dogs have put the coaster and track to the torture test , too ... you can not hurt this toy ! Highly suggest buying this . Plus , when she outgrows it , I know it 'll hold up a long time , to be passed on to another child . Also , the coaster car can be ridden off of the coaster track , making it double as a great first `` bike '' . We often see our little one riding it around the yard !
 I have worked at my daycare center for 3 years and they 've had this toy since before I started -- it 's in great shape . Even the one-year-olds can use it . It 's great for developing gross motor skills
 My 3 daycare children all 3yrs and under have been having more fun than I could have imagined with this toy . It is very easy to put together -LRB- about 2 minutes for me -RRB- and we were having FUN!The kids ride it frontward and backwards and have fun just pushing the ride-on toy by itself down the track . They love it.It is easy to take down for the night and store . I have a large yard so space is no problem for me but you might want to take a look at the measurements . You will need about 3-5 feet extra at the end from where the ride ends . This was worth every penny .
 My 19 month old son got this roller coaster for Christmas and has n't stopped riding yet ! This toy has enriched his physical development and confidence - all while having a great time . He had so many `` educational '' toys that focused on letters , numbers , and colors , this toy provides a way to just have fun , be a kid and explore his newfound physical skills . The smile and look of pride on his face while he plays says it all without saying a word . I highly recomend it ! I live in an apartment , so it does take up alot of room , but it takes apart very easily and quickly for storage .
 `` Educational '' is not just cerebral . This toy is wonderful for my little one 's -LRB- 22 mos . -RRB- motor skills . She has to get the little car on the track , push it up to the top , climb off the track then climb back up the little steps to get on the car and then give herself a push off for the little two second ride over the `` bumps '' . And she will do it over and over and over again . I also have an electric ride on train and I prefer it when she plays with this because there 's so much more interaction with the toy itself.It 's a very popular toy with her play group friends . The track is 10 ' long so you need a pretty good size space to set it up but it can go indoors or out so do n't worry , you can probably manage it . Set up is so easy you do n't really need the instructions . A little side note , her Little Tikes sit on car also fits on the track so if you already have one of those you really have two cars to use!Set it up and get ready to hear Wheeee ! for about an hour or so .
 We got this for my daughter for her 1st Birthday . She absolutely loves it . I was n't too sure about it because it says from 24 months and up . But she holds on to the handles and just giggles away . She just ca n't wait to go down again and again . Even older kids love to play on it .
 Length :
 I bought this toy for my son 's 1st birthday and it is a hit . He is almost 4 years old and still plays with it together with my 5 year old daughter . Well worth the money to see the smile on their faces with each ride . Great toy !
 my oldest daughter got her roller coaster when she was 2 years old , it lasted through my second child who is 8 . it was then passed on to my nephew who is still using it.it also makes a great gift , i purchased one for my best friends little girl and hope to make this purchase for my grand nephew for christmas this year . thanks for the great quality .
 My 2 year old got this for his Bday . I was n't too sure about it at first because it is so big and the steps seemed like they could be dangerous . I was completely wrong ! It may be big , but it is perfectly safe . He and the neighbor kid love to ride this and then enjoy pushing it up the ramp . They also like to send other toys down the ramp ! I see this as a toy that is going to last many years !
 my 2 yr old son got this for his birthday and he loves it . we keep it inside and he has a blast pushing and pulling the car and racing down the track ... scares the dog but she will adjust . the track is also wonderful for all his hotwheel cars ... vrooommmm zoooooom this is very durable as the 7-9 yr old neighbors have used it with no problems . i can see years of fun in the house and yard from this wonderful toy . oh yes and im not mechanically inclined and i got this together in 2 mins and it comes apart and fits in a standard car as well as an SUV , so i guess we can take it with us to a friends if needed .
 My 20-month old son fell in love with this roller coaster from the moment we first put it together . It 's easy to use - we 've had it both indoors and out . The only problem with keeping it outside is if it rains and water pools up on the track -LRB- mosquitoes ... -RRB- . Indoors , it is rather large to store , so be sure you have the room . The coaster helps your child learn about cause/effect , balance -LRB- when they walk on it -RRB- , laws of physics , etc. in a fun way . And the best part is - it serves as a ramp for those Matchbox cars as well !
 We bought this for my son 's fourth birthday after reading so many wonderful reviews on the rollercoater . Well we were n't disappointed . It is so much fun . We set it up right after his party -LRB- it took all of one minute to put together -RRB- and my son and his 15 month old brother had a blast . The car sits securely at the top of the rollercoaster until they push off . I was nervous at first with the 15 month old , but he holds on to the bar and there is a pretty high back support that kept him from falling backwards . Then my five and ten -LRB- and 85 pound -RRB- year old niece and nephew got on and had a great time . At the end of the night I just took it apart and put it aside for the next day , -LRB- which he wanted to ride on first thing in the morning -RRB- . The car can be ridden anywhere as well as on the track . He also discovered it is fun to roll balls and trucks down the two hump ramp . -LRB- After the ramp , you go another ten feet -RRB- It also promotes turn taking which is where the educational value comes in . We HIGHLY recommend it !!!!!!!!!!!
 I saw this item on a `` Christams in July '' special on QVC in 2001 and I thought it would be great for my daughter when she got a bit older . On her 2nd birthday a family member asked what to get her and I suggested this item which was now available as Toys R Us . My daughter loves this little roller coaster . She plays with it quite often and when she does n't play with the roller coaster part she wheels herself around the house on the little cart . This coaster is very durable and steady . I do n't have to worry about her tipping over to the side and hurting herself . It may be a bit pricy for some people but I think it is well worth the money !!!
 You can not go wrong with this Step toy ! I bought it for my son 's 2nd birthday and he loves it . My three year old daughter loves it as well . It is durable , easy to assemble -LRB- no tools ! -RRB- , and cleans easily . We have had it on the patio and they continue rolling for a good bit more on the hard surface . The car will not go down on its own , which was a concern I had . It has to pushed off by foot -LRB- or adult -RRB- of the little divets that are built into the base . A great long lasting toy that will provide lots of fun day after day !
 We bought this for our 1 1/2 year old son after he tried it and loved it at a store . We were going to wait for the holidays to give it to him , but when my husband carried the box inside , my son saw the picture and pleaded for us to open the box . After about 2 hours of constant playing we finally said that we had to put it away for later -LRB- which caused many tears -RRB- . We 've now hidden the toy and box so that he wo n't see it until the holidays . Of course before putting it away , I went on it , and it was very , very fun . I ca n't really comment on durability since we 've only let my son play with it for that 1 night , but it seems to be built very well , it even supported me -LRB- over 100 lbs -RRB- !
 I bought this for my grandson 's first birthday . He loves anything that moves . I saw this at a Little Gym in Atlanta with a 13 month old riding it and loving it and I knew my grandson would enjoy it ! It is very durable and as he learns how to ride it he can push the car around the house .
 This is a great toy . I bought it for my 1 year old for her birthday . She loves it and is capeable of riding it on her own . I help her on and keep my hand on her back as she rides it.My two year old also loves it . It has provided entertainment for neighborhood children up to five years old . I highly recommend it !
 I bought this for my youngest son 's 1st birthday . I also have a 4 year old and the both of them love it . The youngest will definitely be able to play with this independently in a few months . We are going to bring it inside during the winter , hopefully it will help them burn off some energy while they are stuck inside !
 My 2 year olds love this toy . It is great fun and very durable and easy to take apart and put back together .
 Initially we were looking for a slide for our 2.5 year old , but came across this . It looked way more exciting than a slide and our son loves it . When not going down it on the cart , he takes his cars outside and sends them down the track too . Really cute toy that is simple to put together -LRB- takes 1 minute -RRB- and will last forever .
 I bought this for my 2 year old nephew . His 4 , 5 , and 8 year old cousins had a blast on it too . Easy to assemble , but requires a large space .
 We got one for my son when he turned one , he 's now 8 and my youngest uses it , he 's 2 1/2 ... We bought this one for my nephew 's first birthday ... he loves it . Great fun for kids aged 1-4 .
 I bought this for my four year old . Both her and her 2 year old cousin send hours everyday riding on it and taking turns almost every day . It is awesome .
 My son is 13 months and he loves this roller coaster . It 's only going to get more use as he gets older , but he is able to ride on it , push the car around the yard and up the roller coaster , and have fun with it .
 You have to have a feel for your own children , I guess . Ours are adventurous , but careful . I would n't recommend this product for every 8-month-old , but our kids were fine starting at that age -LRB- early walkers and climbers -RRB- , and always held on until they were old enough not to need to . They needed help putting the car back for a few months , but then they were independent on it . This toy is indoors in the winter and outdoors in the summer . Love , love , love this toy !!! -LRB- Great for learning to take turns , too ! -RRB- I 'm not sure at what age they tire of it , but not before age 6 , for sure . And it 's still in good shape after 5 years .
 Our 3 and 5 year old kids love the Up & Down Roller Coaster . It is simply a great product . Since Santa gave it to them for Christmas , they have played with it almost everyday . The wheels on the coaster could be a little better - they rub just a little . However , the coaster is really fun . You can actually use it inside too if you have a little bit of room .
 We 're very happy with our Up and Down Roller Coaster . Assembly was quick and easy and the quality of the roller coaster is excellent ! We purchased it for our 2 year old granddaughter for Christmas . It provides hours of fun for her and her little friends . Our granddaughter likes it so much , we actually purchased another one from Amazon for our granddaughter 's best friend . At her birthday party all the children -LRB- ages 18 months to 5 years old -RRB- played on it ... so much fun watching the expressions on their little faces ! The children were learning to take turns and share as they enjoyed their time !
 This is such a great product that I purchased one for each of my three grandchildren . I understand they were `` extremely '' easy to put together , and that is a big plus ! I think the age range should be extended to at least 7 or 8 years old , or more .
 We have two year old twin boys . They love the coaster . They also love to just sit in the car . Great item . The car is rated to 50 lbs , but our oldest son weighs over 50 lbs and rides it also with no ill-effects .
 We got this for our 15 month old grandaughter for Christmas and it was by far her favorite gift to play with . She never seems to get tired of playing with it either . It 's very sturdy and the track can be disconnected and stored easily . My friend recommended this to me because her grandchildren love theirs and I would highly recommend it as well .
 This toy is just plain fun . My kids love it -LRB- 2yrs and 4yrs -RRB- and play with it every day . It keeps them active , it 's colors are bold and snap to put together . It took me under a min. , just pop it togther . It 's durable !!!!
 This was another Christmas present given to our 2 yr old granddaughter . It was easy for her to understand what she was supposed to do with it , and she has enjoyed hours of fun playing on it . Hightly recommend for young children !!
 I purchased the up and down roller coaster for my 16 month old son for Christmas . He LOVES it , his face just lights up everytime he plays with it . I also have a 3 1/2 year old daughter who loves it as well . My son uses it for so much more than just a roller coaster . He rolls balls , cars , trains , and just about anything else he can get his hands on down it . He even uses it has a little slide . It is ALWAYS the hit of the playgroup whenever we have other kids over . They ca n't get enough of it .
 I bought two of these , one for each family with grandchildren . They have had a ball with their roller coasters . It 's very stable , durable and a snap to put together . Our 5 grandchildren are all under the age of 5 , and everyone has a great time riding . This item is well worth the money .
 This was a big hit on Christmas . We bought it for our niece -LRB- age 2 1/2 -RRB- and she loved it ! It was also a hit with our two boys age 7 and 2 1/2 . . Everyone had a blast taking turns and zooming down the track . My sister says it is perfect for those really cold New Engalnd days when is it too cold to be outside plus it will be fun to use outside as well when Spring , Summer and Fall come around . It was also soooo easy to put together , -LRB- my son helped -RRB- and easy to take apart again for easy transport . Our son Cooper is hoping to get one for his third birthday and it just may happen ... . For sure a great buy !
 My daughters got this for a xmas present , my older daughter says this is her favorite present , she is 2 1/2 . We also put my 8 mos old daughter on it and she does fine , she holds on and smiles and laughs the whole time !! Super fun toy !!
 I bought this toy for my son 's first birthday , he loves it ... he needs help getting on it , but he runs down just fine by himself -LRB- hes 13 month old now -RRB- ... my 7 year old daughter loves it too !!! they both play with it every single day . This toy it 's really large , takes lots of space . . we use it indoors anyway , just to keep it looking good !! :-RRB- If you are looking for a toy that brings a WHEEEEE !!! every time they ride on it , well , this is the one !!! It 's helps your little one motor skills , great , good , fun toy ! .
 We bought this for our daughters 2nd birthday - It 's GREAT !!! Now that it 's warming up we put it outside in her playground . Very durable!It 's been rained on it 's still great !!
 I purchased the Up and Down Roller Coaster for my 21 month oldgrandson . It was such a hit ! I was nervous about ordering it without actually seeing it other than the pictures on this web site but after reading the reviews that others had written I went ahead and ordered it . It is very sturdy and the car and track come fully assembled -LRB- other than easily snapping the track together and sliding the side steps in place there are absolutely no tools needed ! -RRB- We opened the box and literally had it together in less than a couple of minutes . The product description on the web site says assembly required but only in the sense that I mentioned above . I am so pleased with the quality of this toy . I would not hesitate to purchase other Step 2 toys and plan on doing so for my grandson 's birthday in March .
 We just got this as a gift from my sons ' aunt and they love it . My three year old and his 13 month old brother take turns flying down the track , with the older boy helping me to set it up for his brother . My older son was a little hesitant at first -LRB- he 's usually too timid for kiddie carnival rides -RRB- but he quickly decided it was a lot of fun ! The 13 month old -LRB- who is below the recommended age -RRB- is supervised carefully because his balance is n't as good yet , but even with me holding on to him a little he picks up a lot of speed and has a blast !
 Went to a Graduation party over the weekend , had to take my 3 Grandchildren ages 9 months , 21/2 and 4 years old . The people having the party had all kinds of step 2 toys , but my boys found the roller coaster and played with it for 2 hours straight , they stopped only to play basketball with the big boys for a while , then right back to the roller coaster !! The funny thing is , that someone was throwing it away and she went and got it !! Needless to say , I will be buying one of these and putting it in my yard !!
 My son got this roller coaster for Christmas when he was 1 1/2 , and it is the hit of the house ! All the kids , including my 9 year old daughter love it , and use it all the time . My son not only rides the coaster , but he uses it to race his cars on , and spends a lot of time just running up and down it himself . The toy was worth it 's cost in the first month . It is TOTALLY durable and I 'm sure my son with grow with it for many years ! . -LRB- First hand experience on the durability , as both my husband and I each rode the coaster ourselves . We could n't get much speed , but no problem with the extra load ! -RRB- I highly recommed this product !
 I bought this for my son for X-Mas . He is 21 months old . He Loves it ! It was his favorite out of all presents , and he got alot . The car can be used off the track as a scoot and go car . Our carpet is low pile and it probably travels about 8-10 feet beyond the end of track . This is a must have ! Would recommend to all .
 This was a big hit this year . We bought this for my 18 month old and 3 year old and they love it ! After a few times my 18 month old got the hang of it and now does it all by herself . My 3 year old said it was the best present santa brought ! Right now it 's in the house aimed down a long hallway but as soon as it 's warm we 'll put it outside . Takes about 1 minute to put together , no decals or stickers , and no batteries !! Every toddler needs this toy !
 This is a must have !!! We bought this for my almost 4 year old Son for Christmas . . Next to my my Son 's Gameboy Advance ... this is his favorite toy !!! This is by far the most fun toy for kids I have ever seen !!! Durability is outstanding ... even my teens ride it !!!!
 I 've had this for a year . My then 16 mo old was n't crazy about it for awhile -LRB- she tends to be cautious -RRB- but it quickly grew on her and now at 28 mos she plays with it even more . She plays with it in other ways also . It is a MEGA HUGE hit with playgroups and visitors because it appeals to such a large age range and both boys and girls !! If you have the space , get it ! Very durable but this has beem inside only . Great for learning `` taking turns '' .
 Bought this for our grandson who is just about 2 1/2 yrs old . Our son sent a video of himplaying on it just after it was set up . Within a matter of minutes he had mastered it ! Loves riding itand then pushing it back up . Even rides it backwards !
 My 2 year old son loves it ! He plays on it daily . It is very long , a lot longer than I realized when I read the product description and looked at the pictures ! We currently have it behind our couch in the living room but I would recommend considering putting it out doors if you have a smaller home . The car needs additional room to keep on rolling beyond the track . For my son who weighs about 25lbs it rolls about an additional 6-8ft before it stops and it usually only stops because he has ran into the wall . When it comes off the track it keeps moving a lot of momentum so it really needs extra room . The track does brake down into 5 pieces for easy storage . It is super easy to put together and is light weight -LRB- relatively speaking -RRB- and easy to move . The price seems high at first but for this much fun it is worth every penny . Shop around on it if you can . Amazon ran a sale and we nabbed it for $ 88 with prime back in November 2012 . I think it was like $ 125 at ToysRus and $ 105 at Walmart .
 This keeps my son entertained more than any other toy , he loves it ! I would recommend it to others for sure .
 This was a Christmas gift for my 2 year old grandson and he absolutely loves it . My daughter-in-law ca n't wait to schedule a play date with other young children so that they can share in the fun . The roller coaster ramp is so easy to assemble and take apart so the parents are thrilled .
 My grandkids love it . It was easy to put together . My 2 year old is very entertained and it keeps him active . Major plus .
 We use this toy in our basement and it is the single most popular toy amoung all the kids we have over . They play on it for hours .
 I purchased this roller coaster for my 2 year old daughter for Christmas . She LOVES it . She plays with it every day for at least a half hour . It is sturdy , safe , and fun . It does take up a lot of room but it is a good active toy that can be used inside , you just have to step over it if you have a small house like we do.Her friends all love it to.What I love about it is that she can do it all by herself with ease . She is able to push the car up the track , get on , and push off by herself . There have been no injuries and I dont forsee any - even with her riding it backwards . It is low enough to the ground that the I can see any real injuries happening.This is definitely worth the money we spent . You would think she would grow tired of it but she hasnt yet .
 Simple and well made . Very easy to assemble ... takes two minutes with no screws . Can be used for roller coaster with car , for rolling bowling balls with pins placed at end -LRB- not supplied -RRB- , or as a balance beam for younger kids .
 Our 3 yr old granddaughter needed little instruction and was delighted with indoor play on a snowy day ! It will be great for her brother when he is big enough to use it .
 Grandson Smith loved it . Only 18 months old and right from the beginning he was ready to say &#34; Go &#34; . Smiled all the way till the end and wanted to do it again and again ! Great toy !
 My 2 year old son got this for his birthday and my 5 year old daughter even loves it ! They both play with it all the time . We have it outside on grass and it still goes really far ! It 's very durable and I would recommend it for any one with a little guy that likes to GO !!
 Bought this 3 years ago and has been outside ever since and is still in good shapt and regularly used by the grandchildren . The kids even 2 year old can actually push the car back up the ramp and pretty much get it right . Very pleased with this purchase and the colors really have not even faded much considering it has been outside all this time . Would definately purchase again .
 My little grandaughter took her first trip down it and you should have seen the look on her face , LOL . She 's gon na get used to it , it will just take time , she plays on the little car and the track , but you have to coax her into riding every time .
 I 'm looking to buy this for Christmas . We visited a friend of mine who had it , and my son played on it for a half-hour straight , easily ! He 's very independent ; he insisted on pushing it back up by himself , so all I was good for was supervision . He also insisted on riding it backwards , but he never fell , it never went off-track . We had to put a pillow against the wall , because sometimes he had so much momentum that it would land him at least 5-7 feet from the end of the toy , and he would bump the wall , and this was on carpet . I imagine concrete it would roll further . This is a great toy , my son very much enjoyed it ! I ca n't wait to get him his own ! -LRB- Though at a hundred bucks , it 'll likely be this and some clothes for Christmas , his birthday is close to the holidays anyways . -RRB-
 Bought this for my daughter 's first birthday , she loves it , and my older daughter and nieces and nephews love it ! Excellent purchase , easy assembly , easy to clean , can be used indoors or out , hours of fun for ages 1-5 , great purchase !
 This is awesome ! Lots of fun for my 2 and 4 year olds ! They can manage in by themselves and it is easy to use . Worth the $ .
 I bought this for my 3 year old -LRB- he absolutely loves it -RRB- , and now my 12 month old loves it too ! The first time he has ever climbed was onto the car to go down the ramp . So easy open the box and click into place , you have to love that !!! I even took it for a ride being 26 yo woman I thought it was worth the money .
 My daughter plays on this daily . She can do the entire thing by herself , including pushing the car back into position , worth every penny .
 I 'm so glad to see they are making this toy again . I was trying to snag a used one for a while but the only one I found locally was missing one of the purple steps , and I could n't get a replacement because they were n't making it for a while.My girls -LRB- 4yo -RRB- love to play with this in the child care at the mall , but it was rationalized as a birthday gift for my newly 1yo . At 14 months he is small and just barely starting to toddle but he is very happy on this . We put him on and push him down the hill and he laughs.The girls have a blast on it , too . They 're pretty average in size for 4yos and fit but are about the upper end of useful size if that makes sense . My 8yo can even ride but he looks ridiculous and does not have as much fun as he would if he fit . -LRB- Not sure I want to spring for the giant outdoor one ! -RRB- I 'd say this is BEST for ages 1-4 . Get it young to get the most use out of it.Assembly is super duper easy - no tools , just snap together . Everything comes ready to go , you do n't even need to put stickers on.Dis-assembly is also easy , if you do n't want to have it out all the time.The actual toy takes up ten feet and 2-3 inches past that but you will also want a good 5 feet of room to keep going - make sure you have the room if you plan to use this indoors . A good 15 feet . Probably more if you plan to use it on a hard floor.Simple , sturdy , no batteries , lots of fun .
 My kids played with this toy constantly . We kept it in our basement it kept my kids busy all winter long . My niece who was 18 months also could use it with very little help . This is a great toy for kids 18months-5 years . I wish I had got it when my kids where littler .
 I bought this for my nursery at work . Not only has it held up against the weight of 12 year olds -LRB- who should not be using it -RRB- , the kids still play with it everyday . This was a winner all around!Note - the ride can get fast at times , so we put a bean bag about 5 feet from the end to ensure that the children do n't continue moving and hit the wall or another child .
 I bought one of these about 8 years ago for my Grandchildren and they loved it . With three kids using it , mostly outside , I was surprised by how well it held up . The kids outgrew it and she sold it off in a garage sale.I 'm finishing off a 3 year commitment as a day care board member and wanted to get something for the kids on my way out . Remembering the Roller Coaster I decided to get one for them . The teaches are still talking about what a hit it has been . Apparently the kids are so enamored with it , that they wait quietly in line for their turn . So the kids like it because it 's fun and the teachers like it for the quiet . Hard to beat the value for the dollar .
 We bought this for our one year old 's first birthday . It is recommended for older ages but we planned on her using it with our help . She loves it and can sit on it and hold handle all on her own . She likes climbing on the path when not in use too . Her older 6 year old sister loves to play with it as well and her 11 year old brother begs to use it but is well over the weight limit . This is a Fun toy . It takes quite a bit of space but if you have room ... go for it !
 very durable . easy to assemble . best purchase we made . my son loves it . would buy again . stickers come off easily , but that 's minor .
 We use this `` roller coaster '' in our weekend programming for 4-5 year-olds -LRB- about 300 over the weekend -RRB- at our church . We just now got our 2nd set after 3 years of heavy use during free-play time before our large-group program starts . The platform was fine , the car had taken a beating and finally kept losing it 's wheels ! A great investment and helps kids to be patient and wait in line for their turn .
 I bought this roller-coaster for my 21 month old grandson , and he loves it . Looks like so much fun that I wish , I could give it a whirl ! And all his little friends have enjoyed it too . Colorful , durable and was very easy to put together , even for a Grandma . Go ahead and buy it , you ll love it too .
 This is the third one I have purchased . I have seven grandchildren and the first one I purchased 8 years ago is still being used . This is a great toy that is easy to assemble and very durable .
 Jus kidding about the monkeys ! But this roller coaster was the hit of my grandson 's birthday party . They set it up right away and the kids had a blast . As far as educational is concerned , they learned the necessity of being patient and taking turns , as there is just one car so it 's one ride at a time . After a while , they realized the value of being patient and waiting their turn .
 My son loved it so much , I had to put it away because he would also run up and down the coaster without using the little car . He absolutely loved it but I could not turn my back for a second because all he wanted to do was to play on the coaster . It is fun and safe as long as you are ALWAYS supervising . I bring it out for him to play if I can be by his side while he plays with it .
 This was a great find and a must have AND it 's made in the USA!My 2 year old daughter saw this one for the first time when I took her to her first gymnastics class . This was all she wanted to do so when we came home , it was Amazon to the rescue . The slide was a lot less expensive that I thought it would be and proved to be worth every $ $ $ . It gets lots of use and my daughter is learning to balance herself , listen when we tell her to hold on and pick up her feet , etc. . She 's learning to do what we ask of her and it 's encouraging to see her listening . She is learning what it means to wait your turn and share when she wants to include her animals and dolls . She is taught to only take one because there is no basket to place a doll/toy and we make her hold on with two hands at all times.Another ride on choo-choo train toy fits so she uses both interchangeably . The center piece can be removed for a shorter distance slide . I want to buy another center piece to make it longer for her when the weather allows us to take it outside.What I would have liked to see - 1 . Some sort of basket or pouch on the front of the car so a child can take a doll or toy along for the ride . 2 . A horn or sound button -LRB- with on/off switch :--RRB- -RRB- to make sounds as the child is going down .
 We saw this in a catalog and purchased it for my daughter last Christmas . She was 21 months old and was able to use it by herself by the third day . Many many many hours have been spent riding this well constructed toy and it was a hit at a party we threw over the summer . Children from ages 10 to my little girl had a blast riding this in the backyard during the party.The only downfall I have found is that it is large and difficult to store . There are a number of pieces , and because of the size , it does take up a lot of room . But , that does n't even begin to take away the greatness of this toy.I highly recommend this to anyone with a child -LRB- boy or girl -RRB- ...
 I bought this toy last Christmas for my 2 1/2 year old and it has been a HUGE hit . You need a big stretch of space to put it in , but we leave it out and it gets played on EVERY DAY . I also had a one year old at time of purchase , and a 6 and 7 year old . They ALL play with it , EVERY DAY . It is used for hot wheel ramps , beyblade tournaments , etc. . I have found that there are a few large ticket items , like this , that last much longer and get more play than many small $ 20 toys . This toy is a blast .
 I bought this roller coaster for my niece 's 2nd birthday . I was pretty sure she would like it , especially after reading all the great reviews . Well , she LOVES it !!!!! We set it up after she finished opening all of her presents . She had no fear of it , jumped right in the car and down the coaster she went , with the BIGGEST smile on her face ! She continued to do it nonstop for about 45 minutes ! -LRB- That is a lifetime for the attention span of a two year old ! -RRB- She even had her roller coaster face down pat ... everytime she would climb on the car her mouth was open wide and she would scream - waiting for someone to push her -LRB- she can now get it going by herself -RRB- . And then continue screaming and smiling all the way down . Then she would push it up the track all by herself and climb back on.Needless to say I highly recommend this toy . . it does take up alot of space -LRB- you will need a few feet after the track cause it does keep going ! -RRB- , but it is easy to take apart and put back together for storage . Or you can set it up in the yard . And also like other people have said , she has as much fun rolling other toys down it , and just sliding down it on her stomach , once she gets tired of riding the car down it .
 We bought this for my son 's 2nd B-Day and the entire neighborhood was over begging to take a ride !! My son is able to get on it with no problems . He learned how to ride it down the 10 ' track and stop it with his feet . Then , he pushes it back up the track for another ride . It 's nice b/c there are divits at the top for the back wheels to `` rest '' while your child safely gets on . We use it outside , but will be GREAT for indoor play this winter ! TOP RATED toy with years of fun ahead of us !!! A MUST buy !!!
 This toy is great !! I love it for rainy indoor days and for parties . It keeps our toddler entertained for hours . This is a must have . Besides , how many kids can actually say they have their own `` Roller Coaster '' . It was worth every dime .
 My 20-month old absolutely loves this toy . It took me only 3 minutes to assemble and then he was riding down the ramp . After helping him push the Coaster car back up the ramp twice , I taught him how to do it himself . My son pushs the car up backwards then runs down the ramp and around to go up the step to get on . Then he rides down the roller coaster and starts all over . He played for hours and hours the first day and it is the first thing he does every morning now . He also uses it to roll balls down , play with his cars and trucks , etc. . He loves it . The toy is true Step 2 quality and will last for years .
 We bought this toy for our daughter 's 2nd birthday . She loved it instantly ! She is now 3 years old and still loves and uses this rollercoaster . It is the best and most cost effective toy we 've bought so far . She uses it almost everyday . She rides on it and also rolls other toys down the ramp . If you 're a worry wart and have an active and imaginative child , you may want to always supervise ... as our daughter got more and more used to the coaster she started performing her own stunts like going down backwards , sideways and even standing on the car . This toy is also very sturdy . My 11 and 12 year old nieces and nephews got on it while we were n't looking . After one whole year of abuse it is still in perfect condition and looks like new . The Best !
 I BOUGHT THIS TOY FOR MY SON ON HIS FIRST BIRTHDAY , HE ABSOLUTELY LOVES THIS TOY . IT KEPT HIM OCCUPPIED AND NOT BORED AT ALL , NOW I HAVE A SECOND SON WHO IS 3 AND HE TOO HAS BEEN RIDING THIS TOY FOR 2 YEARS . THEY CAN NOT GET ENOUGH OF IT . GREAT TOY & VERY REASONABLE AT PRICE . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TOY TO ANYONE .
 This toy was given to my then 2 year old daughter for her birthday . she just turned 5 and still loves it . To make things even more enjoyable , her older sister and brother love it . They are now 9 and 6 1/2 and still love to play with it . I took a ride on it and I loved it . They also have taken their silly pins and put them at the end and rolled the ball . They call the game rock and roll bowling . You can put it together in a `` snap '' and can easily be taken apart and stored .
 I bought this toy for my thirteen month old for Christmas . He is very energetic for his age and is constantly on the move . He loves it !! It only took him a few weeks to learn how to push the car back up the track , climb up on it and ride it down by himself . We do have to keep a close eye on him though because he wants to walk up and down the track by himself . He also uses the track to push other little cars around and to roll balls down . It keeps him busy . It is set up in our hallway right now , but will go outside when it warms up . It seems so durable that I know it will last for a long time . It also appeals to such a broad age range that I feel like I have definitely gotten my money 's worth .
 After reading all the previous reviews , `` Santa '' brought this home for Christmas morning . This toy is FANTASTIC ! Easy to put together and very durable . My daughters -LRB- 2 & 4 -RRB- have been playing on it for 3 hours !! The baby is already learning to wait her turn . They even like to play on it - without the car . All the great five stars reviews say it all !
 I bought the coaster for my kids last birthday in May . They were 3 & 1 . Neither had any problems climbing on and pushing off . This is the most played with toy in my house . I found that the car rolls better off of the carpet , so it is in our kitchen . It is extremely durable as I ride on it too when I am playing with the kids . My 1 year old loves to just lay on the track when he is exhausted from riding . This was the best investment we ever made in a toy .
 Bought this for my oldest daughter when she was 27 months old . She loved it . My one year old did n't show much interest . But , just three months later , she loves it too ! It 's durable , easy to assemble and your kids will learn how to push the car back to the top . Too much fun !
 I bought one of these at a garage sale three years ago , and now my son -LRB- 20 months -RRB- is using it with as much glee , if not more than his sister did . Even though she is approaching five , Sis still takes runs once in a while . She also enjoys pushing brother back up the ramp to the starting position . The good news is , I saved a lot buying it used . The BETTER news is that this is a toy that lasts ! Not only that , it is fun for YEARS , not hours . I would buy this toy again at retail price , but I wo n't have to due to it 's excellent design and durability .
 I bought this for a one year old 's birthday . It has been a hit with the 1 year old , his 5 year old brother , and 7 year old neighbor . The older kids watch the younger ones and it isnt far if he has a tumble . It was easy to assemble and now that its getting warmer they are going to move it from the play room to the back yard . It 's often difficult selecting gifts for children when you do n't have any of your own , but this was a definite winner . I bought this based on other reviews and they were right on .
 My almost 2 year old son got this from Santa and he plays with it every day ! Even my 6 year old fights for his turn to ride it . I like it because it is very easy to assemble and disassemble and can easily be moved from inside to outside . You do need a lot of space , otherwise , the kiddos tend to run into walls ~ the coaster picks up quite a bit of speed as it cruises down hill .
 My daughter loves playing with this . There is something to be said for a toy that she got a year ago when she turned 2 and she still has interest in .
 My little boy loved this toy from the beginning ! At 10 months old he was able to sit on the car , and even get himself down to the end by pushing off with his feet!Even though he 's great on it by himself , I woul n't let him play on it unattended . Plus , he ca n't gvet back up to the top by himself.Also , he LOVES just climbing up and down the slide without the car!I recomend this toy for any child who enjoys moving around .
 Chose this as a gift for our son 's 2nd birthday . His daycare has one outside . We have ours set up in our long playroom . It comes down to a rug and he knows to stop himself before he hits the overstuffed chair . For the first few days , we set up a big couch cushion as the `` crash '' zone . This comes apart and goes together very quickly and easily , so we can stow it away when we need a break or need some floor space for other activities . Our 5 year old can also ride this . The weight limit is 50 pounds . We 're looking forward to having this outside in nicer weather.I agree with another reviewer who said this is not something that gets used every day for hours and hours . Still , all of our kids -LRB- the two who can ride and the two who are too big for it -RRB- have fun sending dolls and stuffed animals down on the coaster car and our son loves to send Little People vehicles and other small trains and cars down the `` mountain road '' like the one into our Vermont town . We do take this down for several days at a time and then it 's a big hit all over again when it comes back out -- like most toys in our house !
 I bought this for my 16 month old nephew for xmas . He loves it and want to get back on it over and over and over again . Even his older siblings -LRB- 6 + -RRB- want to get on .
 Product was delivered 2 days before expected delivery , 2 minutes to assemble or disassemble , grandson uses it for all his cars and as a walking track . could n't have been better
 My daughter LOVES this ! She is 20 months , but is able to get on without help . She also knows how to stop herself .
 My 27 month old grandson really loves this toy . You do need some room to set it up and at the bottom . It is easy enough to use that he can do it almost by himself , but supervision at the top is recommended . He likes just riding the car on the floor sometimes .
 We have twin girls who are 15 months old and recently visited a friend who had this toy . We could not get them off of the thing and immediately started researching our own purchase . We love Amazon , so of course , this was our first stop . Imagine my surprise when I found that Amazon 's lowest price offering on this toy was DOUBLE the price you can buy it for from the manufacturer and other online stores . This item is available at Step 2 's website for $ 88 plus $ 5 shipping . I 'm obviously not ordering it from Amazon vendors and am frankly a little disgusted that Amazon allows this type of price gouging to go on . I will definitely think twice before blindly ordering from Amazon again !
 The best present my grandson ever got . He rode it at least 100 time on Christmas . I would recommend it to anyone .
 I purchased this for my 3 children as a Christmas present . They love it . It was far and away their favorite gift . All 3 of them can use it , although I have to hold on to my youngest when he rides . It 's small enough that it can be set up inside if it 's cold outside . Super sturdy and easy to set up and take apart . I would totally buy this again .
 Could hardly wait for Christmas to see our granson 's reaction to the coaster . It was a hit and will bring lots of fun for a long time to come .
 My kids got this for Christmas . My kids ages 2,4 and 8 love it ! So much fun . I wish I had this when I was little .
 I bought this for my 2 year old grandson for Christmas . I was a little concerned about his being able to navigate the stairs without falling . No need to worry ! He and his four year old brother had a blast . They rode down forward and backward . A really great toy .
 We found this item at Menards -LRB- a fix it shop -RRB- and my kids love playing on this . I found it on Amazon for less price & free shipping . I own a daycare and all my daycare kids love it . Very easy to put together & easy to operate .
 I GOT THIS FOR MY 3YRS OLD DAUGHTER FOR XMAS AND ITS NOW THE SUMMER TIME AND IT 'S IN GREAT CONDITIONSHE LOVES IT AND IT WAS SOOOOOOOOOOO EASY TO PUT TOGETHER LIKE 1 2 3THIS IS A GREAT BUY BECAUSE ON TOYSRUS SITE THIS THING IS OVER $ 130 BUCKBOTTOM LINE THIS IS GREAT
 This is a blast for my 17mo and 3yo . Some things to be aware of , though : We feel the 3yo has already outgrown it - much more of a toddler toy . The car is too low to the ground for him . He has to stick his feet straight out in front of him . HE does n't feel he 's outgrown it , though . : -RRB- If 2 or more kids are playing together , you have to supervise . Otherwise they run into each other and knock each other off the track and run over each other 's fingers.We have another little scooter that works on this track , too . Not planned , but nice - they can both be riding around at the same time . -LRB- It 's the blue/red/yellow Little Tikes Push & Ride Racer -RRB-
 My 3-year old loves it ! We saw this at a friend 's house and was considering purchasing it since she enjoyed it so much . We have kept it indoors for now . You definitely need a long corridor or halway type of space , any space that is long without obstructions . The car does go quite far . I 've put pillows at the end of the wall , and she loves crashing into them . It is pretty stable as all ages over the limit have rode on it ! Love the product overall ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My daughter is 2 and a half and she has had alot of fun , she likes to be pushed so it goes faster . It 's always a hit with friends . I think the perfect age is 18 months .
 2.5 year daughter loves this . Purchased it after watching kids of friends playing with it -LRB- ages 5 - 8 -RRB- so I knew it would last for years and provide hours of entertainment
 Well - just like every other reviewer - This is a great fun product . We bought if for out 2 grandkids 4 and 2 . Pro 's - Super easy to put together - 2 min tops.Kids can push the car up and climb on and go - by themselvesGood speed for fun but not for danger -LRB- much -RRB- Can be moved about so easy - will set up on sloped driveway when are a bit older for more speed and fun.Con 's - 2 Year old was a little suprised -LRB- and scared -RRB- first time -LRB- should probably hold on and control speed first couple of times -RRB- . Think he 'll get used to it though.It 's only about a foot and a half off the ground at the back , but if one brother were to decide it was his turn and do someting like , oh , I dunno , shove the other one off the little car , It could be a pretty nasty fall . It has n't happened yet but I wo n't have a heart attack from suprise if I hear it did.Awesome awesome toy and well worth the 80ish we paid - I bet it 's around a whole lot longer than those Tickle Me Elmo / Zhu Zhu pets .
 we bought this as a present for my 3 year old 3 years ago and he still rides it sometimes , and his 3 year old brother loves it . At this point it tends to sit unused until other kids come over who jump on it , then everyone fights over it for 20-30 minutes.We have a large yard with a shallow hill at one point , so we put it on the hill and they go pretty fast but slow quickly in the grass . The only real danger is if they put there feet down which could be jarring , but nobody has ever been even slightly hurt and they have lots of fun . 2 year olds need direct supervision and can topple over getting on , but they love it even more .
 My nieces and nephew have had this toy for years . There 's a big hill in their back yard and this sits at the top . It entertains kids up to about age 6 ? for HOURS . They love it and it tuckers them out - and given that they 've had it for years I 'd say it 's pretty durable .
 Grandson loves it ! At two years old it took no time for him to figure out how to ride all by himself . Good exercise and no batteries !
 They all love it !! Ages 1 , 3 , 4 , 11 , and 14 have all been on and love this thing . It is so easy to put together . They play with it everyday . An awesome gift !
 Bought this for Christmas 2012 for our 22 month old . Initially he was hestitant , but after he saw the other kids getting on -LRB- including my 6 year old -RRB- he enjoyed it . If you have space for this toy , it would be ideal to leave out . I find that he rides it about 6-7 times and then moves onto something else . As a side benefit , it teaches sharing and waiting your turn - as there is only one car . It is very easy to put together/take apart , but who really wants to do that bc you still have to find a place to store the parts . It goes just the right speed and older kids seem to enjoy it too - it was a great purchase .
 This is a sturdy piece and safe for little ones -LRB- my granddaughter is 18 months -RRB- . She really enjoys it and likes just pushing the little car around as well as riding the &#34; roller coaster &#34; . It is big , good for outdoors . My kids have it in a bedroom so it kind of flows out into the hallway . When the weather improves , I 'm sure they 'll use it outside .
 Great fun for the kids . We set it up in the house since it was so cold outside . Easy to set up and take apart .
 This product is well made and has stood up to my son and several other kids abuse . No complaints here .
 The coaster arrived on time and was just as advertised . Two people in the family are able to enjoy it .
 I bought this item for my 4-year and 23-month old for Christmas and they absolutely LOVE it !!!! It is very durable and can be put together in just a few minutes . All of my nieces and nephews want to come to OUR house to play now !!!!
 Bought it at the right time before the price went back up . 2 year old son has played on it off and on since christmas which is setup in the house for now . When ever he does play with it , it is for a while . .
 I bought this coaster for my grandson for Christmas . He is age 2 and his brother is 4 . They spent hours taking turns riding this . It was so heartwarming to hear them &#34; giggle &#34; and &#34; belly laugh &#34; as they rode down the hill . This is a great buy !!!
 We gave this to our 2 and 7 year old for Christmas and what a great hit ! VERY easy to assemble and durable . I would encourage anyone to consider this toy . Well worth the money !
 We gave this to our son tonight -LRB- 22 Months -RRB- . It was a HUGE hit . He figured out how to push the car up himself in about 2 minutes and ride down on his own . He also likes to push the card down and watch it go , as well as walk up and down the track . Climbing up the stairs is also a big hit.HOURS of entertainment :-RRB- *** Note **** He 's now almost 3 and still uses this toy constantly . It is excellent for learning how to take turns when we have a little friend over to play with . Plus , he enjoys pushing his toy cars down the track too . And for pretending he 's at the `` playground '' or amusement park.Definitely one of the best toys we have ever purchased !
 I have owned this toy through 3 kids . I bought it when it first came out and still have it which is about 9 years now . It is still in excellent shape . Any child that comes to visit loves this toy . My 7 year old still rides it coming up with new inventions to move the track and raise it up and make it more like a theme park coaster . His buddies who are 2 or 3 years older than him still take turns on the coaster . It has withstood many years of kid-abuse and still rides like a champ ! The only thing that has broken on it just recently was the handle on the car . But this is easily replaced with a piece of pvc pipe , or I am sure you could order this from the company . I definately would recommend this toy , you will not be sorry . The little ones play on it literally for hours and hours . It 's safe , easy , and portable . It has withstood the Arizona sun , as well as Vermont winters . In fact my 7 year old has more track on the top of his list for Santa this year ! Perhaps Step 2 should consider this option !
 My grandson celebrated his 2nd birthday at in indoor playyard and the roller coaster was there . He had the time of his life on it . It was the toy he played on the most . Even though he likes the slides , they did n't stand a chance once he got on the roller coaster . He would push it back up and climb the little steps and hop on . All you could hear was loud screeches . He had a great time . It will be on his Christmas list . Thanks for inventing a safe and enjoyable toy .
 my daughter was 14 months old when i bought this she was scared as could be the first several times down it now that she is 19 months old i ca n't keep her off of it !! we have it set up in our living room so it does n't take up to much space yet provides hours of entertainment . she makes all her stuffed animals take turns riding it down .
 My son and all of the neighborhood kids love this toy !! Very highly recommended !
 I purchased several outdoor toys when I purchased this one , and this is undeniably the most popular . The children never tire of riding it ! It simply ca n't be beat in my book .
 My sister gave this to my son for his two-year birthday -LRB- Gee , thanks Sis ! -RRB- and he is absolutely crazy about it . It is big but its great exercise-completely wears him out , climbing up and down stairs , riding down , then dragging car back to the top - and we all know thats a good thing ! He also loves sending other toys down the slide and sliding down on his rearend . We literally have to drag him away from this toy - Great fun especially for the price .
 My son -LRB- 22 months -RRB- tried this roller coaster at the store and absolutely loved it . After he tried it there was a line . All the kids a the store were riding the roller coaster and appeared to love it . Although there is probably no educational value , it was fun and provided entertainment for our son .
 We purchased this for our twin boys 2nd birthday and they love it . They play on it everyday for at least 1-2hrs and their older brothers 5 and 7 even ride their skateboards down it . It did not take 5 min . to get it together and they enjoy is so much it is the best . We are even considering buying a second so they do n't have to wait as long in between turns .
 Purchase this product for my grandson 3 years old , birthday ; He is having a BALL ! Even his Dad !!!! Best toy ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 We purchased this toy for our sons 2nd birthday . He loved it from the get go and played with it for a straight hour . It was easy to assemble and is easy to take apart for transport to other parts of the house or outside . We have it in our living room -LRB- yes it takes up a lot of room -RRB- but it helps our sanity . He also -LRB- with big sister giving him the idea -RRB- likes to send hot wheels cars flying down the ramp , use the ramp to run up and down and to also just send the roller coaster up and down the track by itself -LRB- or sometimes with a toy on - it 's fun to see how long the toy stays on -RRB- . I would recommend this toy to anyone and everyone .
 Bought this as a birthday gift for my 2 year old grandson , it definitely got the WOW ! factor judging from my grandson 's expression when he first saw it . What I did was show him the car BY ITSELF , FIRST , without the ramp . I let him get on it , while I gently pushed him around the house , and got him familiar keeping his feet up and holding onto the bar , then I observed whether he would play with the car himself -- he did , he got on it himself several times and I showed him how to ride the car along using his legs . A couple of hours later , as we distracted him with something eles , his grandad quickly set up the roller coaster and positioned the car ready for the first ride , we brought our grandson back into the living room . He was big-eyed and obviously excited as he ran to the big colorful long ramp . He immediately put his feet up on the car and held on to the bar and then came the BIG SMILE and WHEEEE !!! He kept wanting to go again and again ! He now instinctively knows to position his hands and feet on the cute little car and has been enjoying it since , without incident of letting go or bringing his feet down that would cause a tumble ! I would highly recommend introducing the child to the car first ! Enjoy !
 The kids line up to ride this . It is durable and easy to put together and take apart . No tools needed ! Buy it - you will not be disappointed !
 We bought this when the twins were 2 , they are now 4 and still fight over it . They have learned to take turns so it 's not as much of a hassle as it used to be . We keep it outdoors because it does take up a lot of room.It is the most popular toy in my yard . At every party or neighborhood get-together this is the most widely used by all ages . The adults try it out - over 6 foot tall adults - the middle age kids and the smaller kids . Everyone . After 2 years in the snow , rain and sun , it is still pretty colorful though slightly dirty . It has held up a lot better then the grass around it has . I have n't had a problem with it yet . No wheels falling off , nothing breaking , it works as perfectly as the day we bought it.Don ' t let this toy pass you by !
 I bought the roller coaster for my son 's 2nd birthday . He and his 4 year old sister love it ! They play with it every day . They even slide on it without the car . It is very durable . It will even hold an adult . I would buy this product again . Well worth the money !
 Even though the recommended age for this toy starts at 24 months , I figured if I held on to him , my 15 month old son could use this . Turns out I did n't have to.At his age he 's too young to be able to get on it himself so I just set him on the car , he grips the handle bar , sticks his feet straight out , gets a HUGE smile on his face , and laughs the whole way down ! When he stops he stays on the car , and I push him backward back up the track . He makes me do it over and over ... tiring , but definitely worth it.Now , be warned , this thing is HUGE ! I initially set it up in the house ... yeah ... that lasted two days . I cleaned out the garage and it now stays there , which works out better since he can ride down the coaster , then roll down the driveway for more length . I ABSOLUTELY recommend this -LRB- though check out Wal-mart , it 's cheaper -RRB- . The only downside I 've found is that my son cries and cries when it 's time to get off . I ca n't wait till he 's older and we can get the Extreme Coaster ! This was a great purchase !!
 My 18 month old son LOVES this toy . He is able to climb the stairs and get on the car himself and go down . He can also push the car back up the track to the starting position . My 7 year old daughter loves to play with my son on this toy . It 's very durable and easy to move when it 's time to mow !
 My three year old son received this as a birthday gift and , as fun as it looks , we were afraid he might not take to it right away . -LRB- He is a bit timid , not a daredevil like most little boys . -RRB- But , to our surprise , he was n't a bit afraid and within ten minutes was climbing up , pushing off , and dragging the car back up the incline for another go ! An hour later , he was still playing with it and cried when I said it was time to go inside . It 's very durable , universally fun , and I 'm sure it 'll be a hit with his friends -LRB- and little brother , once he can walk -RRB- . A good way to spend a hundred bucks and get your money 's worth .
 Whenever I look for toys for my 2 & 3 yr old I always go back to the same manufacturers ... Step 2 , Little Tikes , Fisher Price , etc. and this was no surprise . I have been looking at this toy for a year and kept holding back because I hate to spend so much for 1 toy . No need to hold back on this one . We took the kids to toys r us to check out toys for their birthday and this was set up in the aisle . Our soon to be 2 year old had it figured out in under 5 minutes ! She was able to manuever the car up the ramp , climb on , and ride it down on her own and the 3 yr old was right behind her yelling `` my turn ! my turn ! '' This toy is well worth the money spent . No annoying directions to put together - no tools required - and no hassle of the kids waiting for you to finish putting it together . Open the box and the pieces fit right together for an under 5 minute project . Hard plastic durability like other step 2 products and definitely stands up to the test ! We have it set up in our hallway but just as easily can be moved outside for fun too - Our kids have also used it for their trucks , cars , and balls to roll down too . Another great toy from a great company - great job Step 2 !!!!!
 This toy is wonderful . I have owned it for several years , and everything is still working well . It has spent time inside and outside . We have a sloping backyard , and the extra slope allows the car to travel at least 15 more feet from the end . The children love it and no one has ever gotten hurt . It encourages balancing , step climbing , incline walking , jumping , and cause and effect . Your children will love it .
 Or at least I wish I had one of these when I was a kid ! We bought this toy as a Christmas present for our son . He was 15 months old at the time . We set him in the car and held on to him for the first few rides , after that he was hooked ! He plays with this toy every day . He quickly learned to climb the steps and get in the car on his own . He also really liked just walking up and down the track which I think helped with his balance alot , and he enjoys pushing the car down the track and watching it go and pushing it back up the track . Now he is 22 months old and has no problem pushing the car back up the track for another ride , or as he says , `` a wide '' . Balls and cars roll down the track nicely too . He will stand at the end of the track and I will roll cars to him . He loves it ! He is a really rough player and this toy still looks new . I ca n't recommend it enough !
 We bought this years ago -LRB- identical , just in a gray color -RRB- for my son , who at the time had gross motor issues/social issues . My son 's occupational therapist highly recommended this toy . It was GREAT for bringing neighborhood children into our yard , for teaching my son to take turns , and for building up his little muscles - he never tired of using the coaster down the incline in our front yard , and pushing the coaster up the hill to ride again.Fast forward seven years and two more children , and I can tell you we have definitely gotten our money 's worth out of this rather pricey toy !! My 10 year old has fond memories of this toy and whenever his younger brother or sister pulls it out he still takes a turn or two.If you can set this toy on a slight incline , I highly recommend that for extending the ride and the interest for older children . For younger kids , you will want to keep it on level ground , or run along side them holding on if they go down an incline.My kids never got hurt USING the toy , although sometimes there might have been fighting over whose turn it was.All in all , one of the few toys I have purchased at full price and never regretted .
 We bought this for my daughter 's second birthday because she is cautious and not very physical and we wanted to encourage her . What a hit it has been ! She loved it from the first ride , squealing `` whee ! '' each time down . She learned quickly how to go up the stairs , push off , ride down and push the car back up the ramp herself . This takes balance , coordination and toddler level agility . She has taken a few tumbles but the track is only 4-15 inches high , so she has only been surprised , never hurt . She has just learned to jump and loves jumping off the low parts of the track . She likes running up and down the track , trying to balance on the steeper parts and rolling cars and balls down the track . Our quiet , reticent little daughter has become much more physically daring and accomplished on this toy . She uses it for an hour straight , riding and pushing , until she finally lies down on the track and says `` want to sleep . '' We try to take her to bed and she says `` No ! Sleep HERE ! `` This toy snaps together like magic in 10 seconds , takes apart as quick and can be stored in a corner . It was worth the cost and is perfect for this age . However , things to consider before you buy
 My children -LRB- 3.5 and 2 years -RRB- received this from Santa this past Christmas and love it!The toy is bright and colourful and very durable . We 've had the roller coaster inside on our tiled hallway and outside on pavers , a cement garage floor and a grass area . Obviously your choice of surface will determine how far the coaster will continue rolling after you leave the track . And the speed at which you go will be determined by how big a push you give yourself -LRB- or someone gives you -RRB- . We are able to control the speed for younger riders while the older ones can go as fast as they like.The car you ride on is easy to climb on to with the wide steps at the top of the track . The wheels make a great wooden roller coaster sound as it goes along `` clickety clack , clickety clack '' . The seat has a high back so your child has no chance of falling off backwards , with a good sized handle to grip and a space for feet to be placed so they are off the ground as you go `` whooshing '' down the track.It is so easy to put together - my three old can do it -LRB- but I always check she 's lock everything together properly -RRB- and the children worked out straight away how to ride it and how to push the car back up the track and put the wheels in the little wheel holder up the top so it 's ready for the next rider.The children love it ! They have so much fun sharing it with each other and their friends . It teaches them to take turns as well . But it 's just not used as a roller coaster . They use the track to walk along practising their balance , they use the car to ride around the yard . The walk up and down -LRB- and up and down -RRB- the steps . I 've also seen cars get zoomed up and down - everything from Tonka trucks , matchbox cars and Little People.Highly recommended ! Your children will have a ball !
 My two kids , soon to be 3 year old son and 5 year old sister are on their 4th hour of non-stop playing on this toy . He has as much fun wheeling the car back up the track as he does riding on it . We are going to get some good sleep tonight ! Super easy to put together , no tools . Also easy to take apart and store . I got it at walmart tho , for $ 79.99 . A totally worth-it purchase . . I very highly recommend .
 I have a 1 yr old , 3 yr old , 5 yr old and 9 yr old - all boys . They ALL love it . In fact , all kids , boys or girls , of all ages that come by here and play on it , love it ! The teenage babysitter next door will even borrow it for the kids she is babysitting .1 & 2 yr olds need a little help getting on and the older ones tend to be more daring -LRB- try is backwards , standing up , etc. -RRB- and will drag it out to the driveway , which goes down hill and extend the ride . You have to watch closely , because the little ones then want to try that.But the giggles , laughes and smiles on their faces show just how much they all love this toy . They also use the car as just a regular ride on toy and the coaster for pushing their hand held cars on or racing hot wheels , and rolling balls down it .
 I bought the roller coaster for my 3 year old grandaughter . she was thrilled to death . It is not only used by her , but her 18 month old , 4 year old , and 7 year old sisters . There is a lot of sharing going on . This is super durable . It says up to age 5 , but the 7 year old has no trouble using it at all . It is big , so plan on a lot of room for the car to travel . An excellent toy , and worth every penny .
 This toy arrived about 2 weeks before Christmas . I took it out of the box to make sure all of the pieces were there . I set it up in about 90 seconds . I let my daughter try it and she was thrilled with it . She kept going again and again . Even my 7 year old neice was able to ride it as well . It 's a very safe toy as long as the child can hold on to the handles . You need a lot of space because the car will keep going about 10 feet further than the track . This was a really great investment for a child .
 Easy to put together and very sturdy . I used this at a 3-year old birthday party with kids ranging from 2-4 years old . They all loved it and could n't ride it enough . This is a toy that will last a long time and keep your kids entertained for hours on end .
 I got this for my twins ' second birthday and it was perfect !! They can play solidly for at least half an hour , laughing and cheering eachother on all the way . This takes all of about 15 seconds to set up and they 're off and rolling . Mine does not `` click '' as I read on some of the other reviews , but it does n't bother them . It also has been great in teaching them to take turns and they help eachother position the car back up at the top . Quite safe overall . I leave it down in their playroom for a few days , then put it up for a while to keep it from getting monotonous . This was one of the best purchases I 've made for them !!
 I bought this for our almost 3-year-old granddaughter , and what a big hit it is ! It took her only a couple of rides to figure out she could push herself off without any help , and after a few more rides , she discovered it was also fun to push the car back up the track into place . The back wheels `` lock '' into shallow indents to keep the car from scooting away while she climbs on . On flat ground , the car keeps going after it leaves the track , about as far as the length of the roller coaster itself . It is fun to see the big smiles on her face when she 's riding . This roller coaster seems very sturdy and child-friendly , and may be the most fun of any of her toys .
 I purchased this product for my grandson 's 2nd birthday . It was the hit of the party with all the kids taking turns from ages 1 1/2 to 6 yrs old . My grandson did n't want to open the rest of his presents because he just wanted to keep riding the coaster . The next morning my daughter called to say that Nicholas wanted to go out on the coaster in his pajamas !
 I got this toy for my 3 year old son for Christmas after running out of ideas . The reviews I have read said that older kids enjoy it too . And my son did ! It came a week or two before Christmas and my son was at the door to see it arrive ! Needless to say , we had to set up early -LRB- that night -RRB- and he had so much fun ! It was super easy to put together and take it apart.My son loves riding on it backwards and forwards . He loves it so much ! Well worth the money !
 My son received this Up and Down roller Coaster for his 2nd Birthday . He LOVES it ! I think the age they recommend is spot on -LRB- although we 've had 7 year olds play on it as well , but at that age their legs get a little to long for it -RRB- . My son can use this toy all by himself , once he was shown the proper procedure . It does take up a lot of space , but is very easy to assemble and take down . My son ask 's to play with it fairly often `` Ride Coaster Mommy '' . I 'll leave it up for the day and he 'll play with it on and off all day long . Be prepared for the HUGE smile your child will give when they ride it .
 This is the one toy that my 3yr old daughter can not seem to stop playing with ! Like other reviewers have said , it was absurdly easy to put together and very durable . My daughter has had to take every one of her animals , dolls , etc for a coast . She loves it and just keeps saying , `` Mommy , I 'm soooo happy ... '' If you want to get them something they will adore , get this guy !
 My son rode this toy at a friend 's house and we knew right away that we had to get one , but her 's was 20 years old . After some looking we found a new one ! My 18 month old son LOVES it . It can entertain him for hours . UP AND DOWN . It is easy to play with and put together . My son has even found more uses for the slide ... a slope to race little cars down . lol . It 's well worth the money . I ca n't wait for my daughter to get big enough to ride it !
 I bought the first Step 2 Up & Down coaster 9 YEARS ago ! This toy is still played with every single day . After 9 years in the great outdoors it is still in perfect condition and is now enjoyed but not only the original child but his 3 younger siblings . I ca n't recommend this toy enough . I would give it 10 stars if they were available .
 This was the the best money we ever spent , My 2.5 year old , the 3 year old and even the 5 year old I babysit LOVE , LOVE , LOVE this toy ! They play on it for hours!You ca n't go wrong buying this one . I thought it stopped at the end , but it does n't so make sure you have about 8-10 feet of clearance at the end for them to keep riding ! It does n't go too fast so they can stop it with their feet if you do n't have the clearance.They also love pushing it back up to the top and sliding down the track on their bums.Very well made , sturdy and easy to snap together .
 The up and down roller coaster is cute . It is durable and easy to move around . No assembly required which was great . It could slope a little more to help momentum but still enjoyable for children . Car would be better if it had better foot platforms for child to pick up feet . Otherwise good product , nephew loves it !
 The Step 2 Up & Down Rollercoaster is fantastic . Everything is pre-assembled in the box . It took less than a minute to snap together the 3 coaster pieces and my Grandson was off & riding . He loves this toy . It is an excellent value for the price and is built to last for a long time . This product is definitely worth buying . I am extremely satisfied with the quality & price of this product .
 I bought this toy for my daughters ' first birthday and she ca n't get enough of it . Prior to purchasing it I was a little nervous because the coaster is recommended for 2-5 year-ols , but after we saw it we could n't pass it up . She needed a little help getting on it when we first gave it to her , but within two weeks she was doing it on her own . By the time she was 16 months old she could push it up the track herself -LRB- with supervision -RRB- . This is the only toy at our house that gets played with every single day . All the children that visit our house love it and if I put it away it is the first thing they ask for when they come in . My daughter has also learned alot about sharing with this toy . Since it has a set start and finish it is great for taking turns . They also enjoy walking on the track and rolling cars and balls down it.I would definately recommend this toy ; however , they do take up pretty much space and toddlers need to be well surpervised when using this . It is pretty stable , but the car can be easily knocked off the track by a clumsy toddler . My daughter has also pinched her foot because she did n't put her feet up on the foot rests.That said , this was one of the best toy purchasing we have ever made !
 My son had this for a few months until I decided it took up too much space !! I was also worried about him falling off -LRB- the stairs , the seat -RRB- After awhile he did get tired of pushing the seat back up the ramp and I had to help him a lot . Overall he loved this toy and it was worth it too see him smiling so much after riding it !! I would recommend it for any kid over 2 + !
 This product was a gift to our granddaughter on her first birthday . She and her older brother -LRB- 3 1/2 -RRB- have a wonderful time with the roller coaster . It is a toy that can be used inside if the weather is n't cooperative and stores nicely . Seems to be a toy that will grow well with both of them . I did find out later that other sites have this product at the same price but MUCH cheaper shipping . Something to check into !
 I ordered this toy for my grandson to use at my house . He is 19 months old . He quickly learned how to use it and figured out on his own how to bring the car back up to ride again . He has alot of safe fun with it . The educational value is in helping the child to gain problem solving skills and gross motor skills . I only wish the shipping was not so expensive . Janine A Viveiros Attleboro MA
 I bought this for my grandson for his 3rd birthday ... he LOVES IT !!!!!! He and his friend across the street play on it every day . Great idea for kids . One of the best gifts I 've bought .
 My sister bought this for our 1 1/2 year old last Christmas . We set it up in our living room so when our son got up on Christmas morning he jumped right on it and rode it down into all of the other present and the Christmas tree . Priceless picture event ! We could hardly get him to open the rest of the presents . He LOVES his rollercoster still .
 My 2 year old twins received this from their Mimi and Popie for their birthday ! They love it . The first time they went down the ramp they both said `` more '' . It took one turn for them to be able to do it without help . Now they have fun bringing it back up the ramp and taking turns . It is a great way to teach them about waiting in line and taking turns . They love using the car on the ground as well . And I will add that I have small 2 year olds and they have no problems on this at all . It is a safe and fun activity from all that I have seen .
 My 3 yr . old daughter received this for her birthday , we put it together which was literally a snap , and all the kids took turns , she really loves it . When i first saw pics of this , i was a little nervous about them climbing up to it and actually getting on the car , but there is no problems at all . We love it !!!
 got it for my 1 yr old grandchild and she loves it . says weight limit is 50 lbs but that is not accurate . older 2 children are mid 40lb range and wheels start to bend with them . I would say 35-40 pounds is max
 It 's great my 3 year old daughter loves it and has so much fun playing on it . It is large so buyer beware it does take up some room but if you have the space in your house your child is sure to love it .
 Myself and my fiance bought this for our daughter this past Christmas.Let me tell you , it 's the best investment and she absolutely loves it . . She is on it every day and it 's extremely hard to get her off . . Our son who 's 12 even more embarressing , rides this with her and he is a big fan . . It is easy to put together and quite honestly has to be the best gift ever . .
 My Grandkids loved it ! Very entertaining , kept them busy for hours . We even brought it indoors and it didnt take up much space .
 Santa brought this roller coaster for my 2 . yr and 5 yr old Grandkids and they absolutely love it !! The unit is sturdy , but not bulky . They have it set up in their basement game room and it fits in perfectly . It 's a great place to burn off a little energy when the weather keeps them inside .
 My hyper 2yo loves this toy . It is sturdy , easy to assemble and she uses it all the time . Overall safe and she also uses it to roll balls and slide her plushes down .
 I bought the Up and Down Roller Coaster for my granddaughter for Xmas and she absolutely loved it ! She turned two in Nov. and had no trouble climbing up the sturdy steps and sitting in the little car . She managed to roll down the roller coaster with no trouble at all . Within a few days she was even going down backwards !!!!! She loves it and I highly recommend it to kids 2-5 !!!!!!
 Purchased this fun toy for our two year old for her birthday . Had never heard of the toy until I found it on this site . Needless to say , the roller coaster has been a smashing success . Arrived damage-free and had to be the easiest toy I 've ever assembled . Took less than 5 minutes to snap the pieces together , the cart is already assembled . Only took a few pushes for our toddler to figure it out , and the night of her birthday she must have taken 50 trips on the roller coaster . Big hit , and she still plays with it often . Does take up a decent amount of space , but can be easily taken apart if you need to store it our get it out of the way for a short time .
 we bought this for our 1 year old granddaughter . dad gets at the top and mom or brother at the bottom and away she goes . giggles and more giggles .
 EVERY CHILD SHOULD HAVE ONE OF THESE AT ABOUT AGE 2 . IT WILL BE PLAYED UPON FOR YEARS.WE HAVE ONE STILL IN USE BY COUSINS AFTER 15 YEARS .
 I gave this to my 18 month old grandson for Christmas . He and the five year old both absolutely loved it . It made for a very merry Christmas . Lots of laughter . It just takes seconds to set up . The only thing is that you need a lot of room to play with it indoors .
 Easy to put together and sturdy . Even able to get wet . Withstood really big kids taking a ride . So simple but a great outdoor toy
 My little nephew love itHe rode it over and overthen he used it as a slideand had more fun
 My 2 year old son loves this . Hours of fun . Easy to put together and apart . You must supervise your child when they are on it .
 First of all , I thought this might be complicated just because the box was huge , but this literally took me less than a minute to assemble . All the kids ages 2-8 had a blast riding this at Christmas . Just fun !
 I have now 16 month old twins -LRB- but we got this at 12 month old -RRB- and they have loved it . Every day the play with it . BEST TOY EVER ! The girls were able to do this by themselves at 12 months old easy . Of course we have had a fall or two but we are right beside them . Worth the money !
 We bought two of these for Christmas for our grand children . They are easy to put together and durable . The kids played all Christmas day . Thank you !!!
 Great price on amazon . My 1 1/2 , 4 and even my 8 year old loved it . They played with it for a long time .
 I think every toddler should have this toy ! My son plays for hours on this roller coaster and step 2 always has the best quality products !
 My kids got this for Christmas and they love it . I did n't mark it as high for educational but I gave it 5 stars because they love playing on it
 We got this toy about 5 years ago for our then 1 and 2 year old children . They are now 7 and 6 and still love this toy !!! No , they do n't use it daily but we 've gotten our money 's worth . It takes up a lot of space so we mostly keep it in our downstairs family/play room which is n't used very often . On rainy or snowy days , it 's great to send them down there and they find their way to this toy , even now . It is still durable enough to hold them but also they can use it for other purposes -LRB- they use the car to pretend they are skateboarding -LRB- sitting down -RRB- . When they were younger , you would have to supervise them pretty closely since we did n't want any one of them running over the other but that is the case with any toy at that age.For other reviewers who claim it 's not used enough , I 'd recommend putting it away for a while and taking it out at certain times only . That helps make it something exciting for the kids to play with . In the summer we also used to take it outside for the kids to use in the yard.we certainly got our money 's worth . I 'd highly recomment this toy !
 What a great roller coaster ! Excellent quality ... hours of fun . . safe and sturdy ! Well worth the money . We had it in our living room for a few months , then on the patio for a while after that . We even used it in the grass for my son 's birthday party . Comes apart nicely into just a few pieces to store it . The track itself is loads of fun for toddlers to roll balls on or race cars down !
 My two year old received one of these as a present . he loves it . He rides it forwards , backwards , sidewards , kneeling -LRB- unsafe ... but he does a lot of unsafe stuff ... -RRB- . He also uses the ramp for his trucks and cars to drive down . It workd well and is very easy to move and assemble . We bought one for our newphew also who loves it .
 We bought this roller coaster for our 21-month-old and 3 1/2 - year-old little girls for Christmas . They love this toy!Our girls are a little `` high strung '' at times , and I was worried that they might fly off the coaster and get hurt . Not to worry . It 's safe and very sturdy . We keep the coaster in our basement , but you can use this toy inside or outside . Be sure that you allow enough room because after they ride the coaster to the bottom , the kids roll across the floor . I keep the rollar coaster on a carpet and the end on a tile floor . This way if they fall off , it 's not too hard of a fall and they can roll across the tile at the end .
 Great Fun - I just loved watching my grandson 's face the first time he got on ! His mouth was wide open with the biggest grin I have ever seen !!!! I highly recommend this -LRB- of course -RRB- with parental supervision.Marlene
 It took my husband about a minute to assemble this toy.Two minutes after opening the box my 2 year old daughter was riding on it . It was a big hit with her . It is easy to dissemble and move from indoors to outside . Note , it is a long toy requiring some room.I read several reviews before buying this ride on and I am so glad I did it was worth the money . She plays on it for about ten minutes before moving on to something else , which is more than we get from other toys . Oh , I ordered it from walmart -LRB- sorry to say -RRB- they had the lowest price on line and shipping cost . We got the toy in a about one week .
 We bought the roller coaster for our grandson when he was just over a year old . He 's now three and a half and still loves it.It has been out in the backyard for all this time ; it is somewhat faded but otherwise still going strong .
 We got this for my son for Christmas . He has played with it everyday since !! Every child that came to our house over the holidays loved it ! We have only had it for three weeks , but it seems very durable . It is currently in my living room , but when the weather warms up out it goes . Super easy to put together !
 My 2 year old son received this from his Grandparents for Christmas . It is the best gift he has received . No batteries , no annoying songs or sounds , and it keeps him entertained for hours at a time.He loves riding in the cart forward and backwards . The track is also great for use with his trucks and cars . But one of the best things is the durability . Sturdy plastic that can be used indoors and out . This is a toy that is built to last.I also ca n't wait for my daughter to get bigger , so she can use it too .
 We gave this to our 2 and 7 year old for X-mas and it was a great hit ! VERY easy to assemble . Our kids have been playing on it nonstop since they got it . Well worth the money and should last for years . I would encourage anyone to purchase this toy .
 Bought this for my two grandsons , ages 2 and 4 . They love it ! It snaps together in a jiffy , is very secure and sturdy . Very well-designed and lots of fun . They ride it backwards and forwards , walk up and down it , and roll balls and toy cars and trucks down it .
 I love that my daughter can place the car on the ramp and get on it herself . She loves pushing it back up the hill .
 I bought this for my daughter , -LRB- she 's 2 -RRB- , for Christmas , so she has n't opened it yet . However , my 3 boys had one years ago & they all LOVED IT ! My daughter is very busy & every bit as rambunctious as the boys so I 'm betting she 's going to love it too . This one is more colorful than the older one too , -LRB- that one was just an all gray track w/a yellow car -RRB- . The sections of the track come apart too so you do n't have to worry about storing it all put together . Hours of fun for busy toddlers & preschoolers !!! Just make sure you set it up somewhere where there 's additional room for the car to continue once it comes off the track because they get momentum . SO MUCH FUN !
 This toy is fantastic . We purchased it 5 years ago when DS was 2 . He is now 7 and still plays with it . It has been everything from a skateboard ramp , a car racing track , a stunt track -LRB- they take the ends off and go down it backwards , they go down it standing up -RRB- , etc. . DS and DD have come up with SOOOO many different ways to play with this toy , it amazes me all the time . They are constantly taking it apart and making different toys out of it .
 I am a teacher and we have one at our school . The children love it and it provides the opportunity to exercise large muscles . Bought this one newUp & Down Roller Coasterfor our grandchildren and they and all the kids in the neighborhood are having fun with it . I know that it is durable because it gets lots of use and abuse in our outdoor playground . I recommend it for ages 2-6 . Great for outdoors unless there is a large indoor area .
 We bought this for our 21 month old daughter and she loves it ! I really enjoy watching her push it up over and over again just to have the thrill of riding it down . She even puts her baby doll on for a ride . It is SOOO easy to put together and what a blast ! I just know we will end up getting the extreme roller coaster as well .
 We 've not opened ours because it 's for Christmas , but we 've used a friend 's ! It 's wonderful ... . her children LOVE it -- toddlers have to be held on the ` car ' until they 're steady enough to handle it themselves , but it does n't take away from their pure joy in riding the thing . My friend 's sister gifted it to her -- she 'd been given one 14 !! years before and it was still in great condition other than being faded in color.That 's why I bought it for my granddaughter -- and it 's killing me not to give it to her NOW .
 WE GAVE IT TO MY DAUGTHER IN 2005 AND IT IS UNDER ALL WEATHER CONDITIONS AND STILL IN PERFECT CONDITIONS . EVERYBODY WHO SEE IT WANTS ONE . GREAT TOY FOR HOURS OF FUN .
 When I was looking for a Christmas present for my 2 two year old grandchildren ; I looked hard to find a gift that they would love . I found this roller coaster and what impressed me the most was that it had a perfect rating . That sold me on the product ! I bought 2 of them and they have been my grandson and granddaughter 's favorite toy going on 2 years now . They love it and so do all of their friends and sisters that later came along . I am now purchasing one for my new granddaughter who will be 2 soon . If you want to find a present that will make everyone happy ... this is it ! It is big ... but breaks up easily and it is not heavy and the kids soon learn to do it themselves !
 Just received the up and down coaster today and both my 29 month old and 15 month old love it !!! It only too about 3 minutes to put it together and after showing the kids how to use it a couple times they were both doing it on their own . It is fun , comes apart easy , and they can run down it and drive their cars down the ramp !!! I think they are going to get a ton of use out of it !!! Great toy !
 I gave this toy to my granddaughter for her 2nd birthday on a recommandation from a coworker.It was a big hit . All the kids who came to the party wanted to go on it . i also have a one year old and both kids can ride it at the same time . Very easy to install and can be use inside or outdoors in the summer . very satisfied .
 My son received this for his first birthday . At that time he was walking for several months already and his favorite activity was pushing the car around . Now , at 15 months he still ca n't get enough . Not only does he entertain himself by loading the car , pushing it to the top , getting on and pushing himself down the rollarcoaster , he also loves using the ramp alone with his other trucks , balls , just about anything that will move down it ! He also enjoys scooting around on the car better than other toys designed for that specific purpose . He uses the rollarcoaster EVERY single day and if we dismantle it to set it aside he trys to pull it back out himself . His cousin just received one for his first birthday and his 4 year old brother loves it too ! I would definitely put this on a list of must have toys to anyone with young children !
 This thing is a hit with the kids , they all love it . It 's extremely easy to put together and take apart if you want to move it or take it somewhere else . No tools required , the peices just fit and lock together like puzzle pieces . Very durable .
 We bought this Step2 roller coaster for our sons when they were ages 5,2 , & 1 years old . I ca n't tell you how many giggles and hours of fun they have had with this over the years . It is large and we had it for the first year in our family room . Then we moved it to the back yard where it stayed for years of snow and hot sun and it still works great . The youngest is now 6 and it is time for it to move on to another family but there is still a lot of years of fun left in it . I would recommend this toy to anyone . At first I thought it was just too big for our house but it does come apart and assemble easily and it still works fine as an outdoor toy too . So , do n't be afraid to buy it .
 This toy is by far the best value per dollar we 've ever spent on a toy . Ours has been outdoors in our gently sloping backyard for two years running and it never gets old ! HIGHLY recommend this toy . More so than any other . Durable and endless fun for all ages ... 15 months to 8 years !
 My son absolutely LOVES the roller coaster ! He plays on it as long as we will allow . It 's nice to have two adults ... one to set the car on the track and one to ` catch ' the kid ! The ` catcher ' can roll the car to the other adult to set it up again and again.Great fun ! The box states that there is a 50lb weight limit on the coaster ; while I enjoyed the pic of the ` adult fun ' ... I 'm not sure that was the best thing for the child 's toy .
 The roller coaster is very durable and fun . Even my 9 year has fun on it and it can withstand his weight -LRB- 80lbs -RRB- . You do have to have a lot of room to do it indoors but it would be great for the outdoors as well . I bought it for my 1 year old and even though he is little he still enjoys it . I saw it at a party place and saw kids of all ages having a blast on it .
 We got this for my son on his 2nd birthday and it is by far the most favorite toy in the house . I was worried about him falling off the coaster but it is made so well that we have had no issues at all . Not only does my 2 year old love this toy but my 4 and 5 year olds do as well . They play on it for hours . Also , makes a great ramp for toy cars . 5 stars all around !
 I bought this for my daughter for her 1st birthday and she absolutely loves it ! It was so easy to assemble and is extremely durable . Although I 'm with her every step of the way , I feel very confident that she is safe on it as well . It will also last a long time so very worth the money spent . I wish I had bought it for my older kids when they were young .
 I am so impressed by this toy . We put it out in the living room for a couple weeks and then disassemble it and put it back in the garage until the kids miss it again . Each time , it is so easy to put back together . Whoever designed this toy , kudos to you because you are brilliant . It is so cleverly designed . The kids love it . You need a good length of hallway to make this fun but if you do n't , just put a pillow or soft cushion at the end for them to bounce off of . -LRB- Just be sure to follow the age guidelines . For younger kids you can hold onto the handlebars and guide the car down the coaster and down the hallway . -RRB- This is one of those one in a million toys that I have been happy about buying since day one and we have had ours for four years .
 Great toy . Parts are interchangable so you can make it shorter if you want . Super easy to put together and move around . Kids love it !
 Purchased for my 2 year old nephew and he just loves it . . He will be ready for the next upgrade in another 2 years.My nephew is capable of rolling it back up himself thats how light it is.As for quality and durability . . the Up & Down Roller Coaster is top notch . heavy duty and sturdy . . but light!My sister in law actually used it and I was amazed how strong it is . It was also a good laugh to see her use it ; o -RRB- Amazon never lets me down with all the purchases I made and this was another great buy with a great price!I say definitely consider this toy . . Every child would love this as it keeps them entertained.Great product and Thank you !
 My wife bought these about two months ago for my two year old boy . He loves to go `` weeeeeeeeee '' on it for hours together . It has also helped him learn what is safe and what is not and has helped to improve his balance .
 the up and down was brought by Santa to my grandchildren ... to quote my 3 yr . old grandson when asked
 Got this for my 15 month old boy and he absolutely loves it !!! He got it for Christmas and he has played on it every day since . My older two daughters ... ages 3 and 5 absolutely love this toy too . Highly recommend ... it is SO MUCH FUN to see them squeel and laugh they way they do . TWO THUMBS UP HERE !
 My 21 month old daughter LOVES this ! She has so much fun pushing the cart back up to the top and riding down . It is sturdy and just tall enough to feel fun but not dangerous . Definitely worth it !
 I purchased this toy for both sets of grandchildren when they each turned two years old . I got the same comment from each - Bubbe , this is the `` most fun ever ! '' One family has had the toy for 2 years and one family for 1 year . This toy is almost indestructable - it had stayed out in the weather and still performs . It is easy to take apart and put back together - even to transport to a friends house for parties . Best purchase I have made as a grandparent - now I need to decide - do I upgrade to the bigger one ??? I was stumped with the question on `` is it educational '' - well it is - sharing , enjoying others fun , being patient while waiting your turn , creating news ways to ride - yes it is `` educational '' too .
 This was very easy to assemble right out of the box , well made and lots of FUN ! My one year old twins can not get on and ride by themselves yet but they love it !
 My 19 month old got this roller coaster for Christmas and he loves it ! he can not get enough from it ! He climbs and pushes the car by himself , puts the car back and there he goes again and again . Very fun !
 Santa gave this to my 4 year old son and it 's his new favorite toy . Yes , it takes up a lot of space , especially since the child will ride several feet after the end of the coaster . My son loves to drag it into the long hallway with the hardwood floors so he can really take off at the end . Definitely recommend !
 Very good product , all standard times !! Next year I 'm travelling to the United States and I have in mind to go in brief for the DGT electronic E-board .
 I think is what i expected from it ! Very nice clock overall . I do recommend this product for anybody that need such item
 There are so many ways to transport a single a baby , but when you have 3 babies the options are VERY limited to say the least.This wagon really meets our need , it 's large enough to fit my babies and their supplies . I can fit it in the back of my SUV and lift it by myself . I love the built in storage area that is under the area where the kids sit and the cup holders . It was very easy to put together , you need a hammer and about 5 to 10 minutes.I have been able to go over curbs and fit through doorways while by myself . I highly recommend this product . ~ Dionne , FL Triplet Mom
 I waited patiently for this wagon to go on sale . And now I am a very satisfied owner of it . We love it !! My husband was pulling me and my son around the other night . It 's gigantic . The tires ride smooth and silently . The front axil steering is great . The sides are high enough to keep my 16 month old from falling out . Goes together and comes apart so easily . The storage compartment is a good size . I 've researched and looked at every wagon out there . This is the best ... worth every penny . I 'm sure it will outlast all of us .
 This wagon is definitely worth the money . It is very durable . It comes apart for travel , and my child , nieces and nephews love it . Also , it is easy to clean and has two cup holders and an inside storage area . If your in the market for a sturdy wagon , this is the one !
 We did quite a bit of comparison shopping when choosing this wagon for our son 's first birthday . Although it was expensive - we liked this wagon for its size -LRB- it can easily pull 3 kids -RRB- , storage compartment , cup holders , and easy ride . It has gone on trips all over the neighborhood , even on vacation to the beach - where I personally had no issues pulling it across the sand loaded w / baby , towels , etc. . As for it 's durability , my husband even used it temporarily as a 2nd wheelbarrow to move bricks until I caught him in the act . The plastic -LRB- which is very tough stuff -RRB- was n't even scratched!We love this wagon and expect to enjoy it for many years to come .
 Last Spring my husband and I bought this wagon for an up and coming camping trip for our then 1 1/2 year old and our 3 1/2 year old . This wagon is a lot of fun . It has a compartment to put drinks or other items in . The sides are nice and high so no one can fall out and it is wide enough for them to sit with their legs crossed . It also has a high clearance which we were shocked by . We were able to go over curbs and high dirt area 's with no problem . The handle is nice and long so your not bending down to pull the wagon . It is n't metal so you do n't have to worry about paint chipping , scratches or dents . It wipes clean or you can just hose it off . The sides come off so you can store it easier or put it in your trunk or storage compartment on your RV . You can also use it to move around other things besides children . We use it to move around bags of dirt , potting soil , wood chips , etc. in the back yard . This is n't a small wagon that they will grow out of any time soon . We are very happy with this wagon and would suggest buying it .
 We first came across this wagon when our son was in the hospital after being casted for hip dysplasia . The pediatric unit uses these wagons for the patients , and he fit in it perfectly with his body cast . The wagon we were lent by the orthopaedic unit was actually too narrow , and his feet would n't fit into the wagon . He no longer can sit in a high chair , or any booster seat , so this wagon is where he sits to eat , and play . We saw very quickly how useful this wagon would be for the duration of his cast treatment , and beyond ! Even our two and a half year old absolutely LOVES riding in it with her little brother.This is my sons ' transportation , other than being carried , and he enjoys our walks with it . It is a very comfortable ride and handles quite well . The turning radius is n't great inside the house , but other than that , we have no complaints . We recently went to a festival , and each of my kids laid down in the wagon and took naps while I and the rest of my family continued to walk around ! We used the cooler that day , and despite it being 80 degrees outside , our drinks stayed refreshingly cold!All in all , this wagon is great , and well worth the $ spent !
 My husband insisted on this particular wagon because it has axles for the tires rather than the free spinning tires on the cheaper ones . It also has rubber wheels , which another one we looked at said it did , but when we looked in the box , they were hard plastic . It is WONDERFUL ! Both my kids love to ride in it , it pulls easily , maneuvers easily , and goes up and down the curbs much easier than our old wagon did . The only slight problem I 've had with it is that it takes a lot of space to turn around , but I 'd have that with any big wagon . It was definately a better choice for us than the double stroller we were considering . I 'm sure this wagon will outlast my kids !
 We bought this wagon because my six month old daughter was having hip surgery and would be in a half-body cast for six weeks . The doctor suggested finding a wagon to take her places because she would n't fit in the stroller with the cast . The Discovery Wagon has been perfect . The fact that it does n't have seats inside was a big bonus . The ice chest is hidden under the wagon so the base is flat and made it much easier to prop her inside the wagon . We are very happy with it .
 This wagon is fantastic . You can fit 2 - 3 kids in it , plus put food in it . There 's a cool hidden compartment that you can flip up . It fits about 6 cans of soda . This wagon also comes with cup holders . We 've used it at the zoo which is perfect especially if you like to bring food . We 've used this to go to the park , too . It 's the largest wagon available .
 We own this wagon and it 's predecessor wagon . The previous version was slightly smaller and did not have the cup holders which are used quite often . It was however much easier to maneuver . Our ONLY complaint about this wagon is that you can not fold the handle in any direction to enable the wagon to easily fit into our vehicle . It is always at an upward angle . Luckily , it still fits in our van , but barely . You can take the sides off , but that is a little time consuming . The maneuverability is a bit challenging compared to the previous model too , but that is because of the handle design . The extra space and underneath storage are worth any inconvenience . I 'd recommend . You can fit at least 2 , sometimes 3 -LRB- smaller -RRB- kids in this wagon .
 My 8yo & 3yo LOVE this wagon . Walking my 8yo to school is so much easier now that I can put her heavy backpack filled w / textbooks in the wagon along with my 3yo ! This wagon can be used for lots of things like going to the beach , picnics , amusements parks , yardwork , mulch and even carrying groceries . The wagon is a little heavy , but that only adds to it 's durability & stability . The sides of the wagon can be dismantled for easy transport in a vehicle , which is very nice . However , the whole thing can fit into the back of a minivan with no trouble . I highly recommend this wagon . It was between this one and the Radio Flyer Navigator , and I 'm so pleased to have chosen this one .
 Like several other reviewers , I did my homework before buying this wagon for my daughter 's Christmas gift . At the time she was only 4 months old , and we were trying to think of things we 'd want for her in the coming year . She is now 12 months , and this wagon has stood up to everything we 've thrown at it . The neighborhood children have used it over the grass , on cement at the ballpark , all the while `` giving the baby a ride . '' I never worried about them tipping it , because it steers so easily . The wheels are quiet , it fits in the back of my SUV -LRB- with the sides easily removed -RRB- , and I believe it was an economical choice . Although it does not have straps or belts to keep children seated , we simply strap my daughter into her booster seat and place the seat in the wagon -LRB- plenty of room with some to spare for one or two other children -RRB- when going on lengthy walks when she might try to stand up . She loves it , and so do we !
 I purchased this wagon as a Christmas -LRB- 2003 -RRB- gift for my then 15 month old granddaughter . We filled it with toys and put it under the tree for her . It was the best thing I ever bought for her - worth ever penny . She has enjoyed it so much . Now that spring is here we have enjoyed our outdoor time as well . She loves being pulled in it or climbing in and out and pulling it herself . We live at the beach so I can see it is going to come in very handy this summer . I would HIGHLY recommend this product . I can already see that it will be used for years to come .
 My son received this wagon for his second birthday , and we take him in it at least twice a day when we walk our dog . Grandma bought the optional umbrella which was a big hit . Our son is the talk of the neighborhood as he rolls down the sidewalk in his sunglasses ... sometimes with his dog riding along ! It 's a great buy for the money - fun and durable .
 We purchased this wagon after reading other positive reviews . Our little two year old girl loves it . It is probably a bit big for her , but it did n't take her long to crawl in . It took her a little longer -LRB- and a couple of falls -RRB- to learn to get back out . She loves riding in it and gathering things from our `` nature walks '' to bring back home . She can also pull it herself . Solid construction and very easy to put together .
 I have two boys , 9 and 7 , both disabled and they love it . They can both ride in it at the same time and still have a little room for their stuff . This wagon allows my 7 year old to go on long walks with the family and can go to the store without having to be put in a shopping cart . He loves his new freedom .
 This is a wonderful wagon , and I ca n't say anything about it that has n't already been said in the many great reviews . I only wanted to give some helpful tips to anyone planning to buy one of these or who already has one . I used a small quilt to make my daughter more comfortable and that worked fine . I do n't think the pad that Radio Flyer makes will fit this one because it 's narrow and rectangular shaped , and this wagon is wide and oval-shaped . If you would like cushioning on the sides , an old baby crib bumper will do fine . Slip the ties between the small cracks in the wall , tie , and there you go . I have n't tried this myself , but I 'm sure it would work . If your planning to buy the umbrella for it , please read my review for more helpful hints . This is for the Radio Flyer umbrella . Personally , I feel it is too small , but I have come up with a good solution . Read the review for more info . If you have n't bought one of these wagons yet , what are you waiting for ? The reviews in here speak for themselves , and are the reason I made the decision to get one for my daughter . I 'm so glad I did . She can kick back and enjoy the ride , take along toys , and pillows , and be way more comfortable and less confined than she was in a stroller . Enough said .
 My son received this wagon for his second birthday , and we take him in it at least twice a day when we walk our dog . Grandma bought the optional umbrella which was a big hit . Our son is the talk of the neighborhood as he rolls down the sidewalk in his sunglasses ... sometimes with his dog riding along ! We enjoy the feature of removable sides , but it makes it tricky to lift when needed . It 's a great buy for the money - fun and durable .
 I did a lot of research when I had decided to purchase a wagon for my son . This wagon had lots of good feedback and so it is the one I went with . Boy am I happy I did ... THIS IS THE ONLY WAGON YOU WILL EVER NEED !! It is so handy . Here are a few reasons why :1 . Price . We ended up getting it on sale at Toys R us ... I have seen it on other sites for a lot more $ $ $ . Compare -LSB- the -RSB- price to some of the other brands and you will see that you are getting top quality for a very reasonable price .2 . It is huge -LRB- I can fit my four and a half year old son and my eight month old daughter -LRB- in her car seat -RRB- in it .3 . It has rubber wheels , which gives it a smooth ride and a quiet one too ! 4 . Two cup holders and a nifty little cubby for extra diapers , bottles , snacks and toys .5 . You can take it apart in a flash . This is great if you need to move something big . -LRB- We live in a big apartment complex so we use it for taking out the trash , bringing groceries in from the truck etc -RRB- .6 . You can take one side off and have a great little seat for a couple of kids . They can dangle their legs over the side and watch the soccer game ! 7 . Every other parent you see walk by with their wagons , will envy yours ! I can guarantee this from experience . We receive comments all the time about this wonderful wagon!OUR FAMILY GIVES IT 5 STARS FOR SURE !!!
 My 15 month old hates being confined in his stroller . I wanted a wagon , but my husband thought it would be too frivilous a purchase . I drug him to the store to look at them anyway , and he reluctantly agreed to get one . Originally , I had in my mind to get one of the Little Tykes wagons . I did n't even know that Radio Flyer made a plastic wagon . When I saw this one , I fell instantly in love with it . I thought I wanted doors on my wagon , but I love that it does n't have any . I would rather have the space of a full wagon than have one whose space is taken up with little plastic seats . The sides are tall enough that it discourages our son from bailing out . Rather , he sits in it and wants to ride and ride and ride . It has a nice storage bin underneath that you access from a small door inside the wagon . It also comes apart very easy for travel . After several weeks of serious use , my hubby even admitted that this was one of the best big ticket purchases we 've made for our son .
 I wanted this wagon because we already have two triplet strollers , a twin and a single . The kids like to explore , and they are very restricted in their strollers . I saw that the sides of this wagon were rather high to discourage them from jumping out , and that it was listed as the largest with a consumer award . I went for it , and boy am I happy . It condenses to fit very well in our van , I put toys and extra blankets , etc in the little interior compartment . The kids do n't try to get out , they just love to ride and ride and ride . I originally wanted it for trips to the zoo , park , amusements etc. , but it 's become our take-along for every outing . Thank you so much for providing this large wagon for my little guys . I think it will way outlast all the strollers I have .
 This wagon was bought as a replacement for another we have . I have learned about the things to look for in a new wagon from owning the cheaper ones . This is larger than all others ; has a good assembly system for the wheels ; wheels themselves are smooth , quiet rubber ; has no door-so no pinched fingers ; has no seats-so wee little ones dont fall out and they can actually fall asleep in it ; has the largest storage I 've seen . You can not compare the Radio Flyer to the Little Tikes one I owned previously which the wheel assembly broke apart not long after buying it . And it was very cramped .
 I was looking to purchase a wagon for my 2 year old daughter since she hates the stroller so much . The problem was that I have a 3 month old son . So he ca n't -LRB- as we all know -RRB- sit up . Well , this wagon is the best . I put my son 's car seat right in the wagon and my daughter can still fit . She actually lays down in it with him in it . This wagon is so big and the rubber wheels are the only way to go . I do not use my double stroller anymore . Now I have the wagon in my minivan at all times . The cooler is also a plus . I have told my friends about this wagon and they have since bought it too . It is a little more expensive than some of the other wagons , but it is well worth it . As the saying goes `` you get what you pay for '' And boy , my money was well spent on this . Go buy it !
 THIS IS A SUPER WAGON . I HAVE BEEN REALLY PLEASED WITH IT , AND FOR A CHANGE NOT SICK ABOUT THE COST LIKE I HAVE BEEN IN THE PAST OVER OTHER TOYS . IT IS GREAT FOR PULLING AROUND LITTLE ONES ! IT ALSO IS FUN FOR OLDER KIDS TO PULL AROUND THEIR STUFF TO . ALSO , PUSH COME TO SHOVE IT IS ACTUALLY DURABLE ENOUGH TO DO YARD WORK WITH . THE PLASTIC IS ALSO NICE , BECAUSE IT WO N'T RUST LIKE METAL WAGONS , AND A BUMP ON THE HEAD WOULD BE ALOT WORSE ON METAL , THAN PLASTIC . THE WAGON IS REALLY EASY TO HANDLE AND TURN AROUND , AND THE RUBBER TIRES MAKE THE RIDE REALLY SMOOTH TOO .
 anyone who is looking for a wagon i must urge you to spend the extra cash and get this one . my daughter got this wagon for christmas when she was 14 months old and after we put it together she wouldnt play with any of her toys unless she could play with them in her wagon . this wagon is by far the best one on the market . it is very deep which i like because i dont have to worry about her falling out . and it is very spacious . i can fit my daughter and my 5 year old nephew side by side in the back and they still have tons of room for gear . i love the compartment underneath . it is large enough to hold my large purse and diapers . its also nice because you cant tell that it is even there . i always have a blanket in the wagon so the compartment door is covered . it is very easy to manuever and it has a nice smooth ride . so save your time and money and buy this wagon first . it is very well worth it !!!!!!
 I can not say enough about this wagon . For starters , it is well worth the extra money , although it 's not too expensive for the use you 'll get out of it . It 's huge , and it 's caught the eye of my entire neighborhood , even though they have wagons too . It even has a little under the seat compartment that I use as a snack cooler-for snacks and juices for the entire neighborhood . I take my kids to the park in this wagon , and they love the ride , and when they 're ready for a snack , the side easily comes off , so they can sit on it with their legs dangling out and not get their butts dirty on the ground . And the umbrella that came with it has come in so handy , keeping my kids cool in the hot sun . Finally , it 's so easy to pull that the neighborhood kids -LRB- 4 to 6 years old -RRB- take turns pulling everyone around in it-up to 4 kids at one time ! I 'm so glad I bought it !
 After doing some comparison shopping , we purchased this wagon for use with our three girls , ages 2 , 6 and 10 . Believe it or not , all three can actually ride at the same time . It 's a cozy fit , but , it can be done . It 's a durable wagon , study and easy to manuever . It 's deeper than most wagons and has a small storage compartment , enought to hold a six pack of drinks or so . It comes apart easily and reassembles easily . The sides are completely removable leaving a base to be used to move things around the yard as well .
 I love our Discovery Wagon . I chose this model because I wanted a quality wagon that would fit in the trunk of my Honda Civic . The side panels are very easy to take on and off , and the handle folds flat against the wagon base . The spacious wagon fits two kids comfortably . There is even a hidden compartment under the wagon with a drain hole for snacks or beverages . The handle is tall enough for my 6 ' 2 '' Dad to pull comfortably . The rubber wheels are a must , they ride quietly and smoothly . The cup holders are a nice convenience . If you are looking for a decent sized wagon that you do n't need an SUV to transport , this is your wagon !
 I bought this wagon for my son 's first birthday . Although more expensive than I had planned on , it was by far the smoothest riding . I wanted something for all terrains as we live in the country , and I liked the rubber tires as opposed to the plastic ones . The only semi-negative thing about this wagon is the turning radius . It does not turn as sharply as some of the other wagons , but this means it is less likely to flip if pulled -LRB- say by an older sibling ... -RRB- too fast and turned too sharply . So I think it 's a wash . Anyway , it 's easy to reverse and turn . We manuevered through ToysRUs just fine. :-RRB- I had three kids in it for trick or treating -LRB- 1 , 2 , and 5 yr olds -RRB- , so it has plenty of room . LOVE the storage compartment with drain hole as well . Over all this is just a great wagon .
 We just bought this wagon last night and we are already so excited . My son is 3 and he has been wanting a wagon for awhile now . We have been hesitant because it seems there are so many options out there , it is a bit overwhelming . I read a review from someone with triplets and we headed to the store to get that exact wagon -LRB- along with our 3yr . old , we have 19 month twins -RRB- . When we got there we saw this one , I love the radio flyer brand and was excited to see the price was reasonable . The cup holders are great , the compartment under the floor is great and they all three fit in it with plenty of room . We are going to a large function this weekend and we are taking the wagon and parking the stroller in the garage !!
 We love our wagon . This wagon was given to my one-year-old son for his birthday . He loves it . We go everywhere in it
 My daughter just loves this wagon ! We rented it at a local amusement park and she did not want to get out . We knew we had to have one . We loved the fact that it had an actual axle for easy turning . Our previous wagon had the wheels that were directly connected to the wagon and was super hard to turn . They would get stuck sideways and you could not get the thing to move . This is the only plastic wagon we could find with a front axle which made this a top choice for us ! This is a great choice for children that are too old for a stroller but too small to walk . We loved the storage underneath and the cup holders . We also like that it holds two children with plenty of room for all of their stuff !! Lastly , we loved that the surface is flat so the children can nap if they are tired !! -LRB- Our last wagon had the seats on each end so this was not an option -RRB- * We are planning on buying the attachable umbrellas offered by Radio Flyer this summer to protect our little ones from the sun -LRB- another great plus ! -RRB-
 We bought this wagon to accomadate our 6 and 3 year old . They love taking turns pulling each other around the cul-de-sac ! Its also great to take apart in a pinch ! We had an outing to the zoo , and didnt have any more room in the car to bring it . So , took all the side panels off , and tied the wagon to my ski rack securing with bungee cords . Didnt have any problem at all moving around . It 's so light ! Its easy to clean . Just hose off anything ! I highly recommend this item !
 I was looking for a wagon for my 15 month old and 5 year old son for when we go on outings . My 5 year old gets tired after a day of walking and wanted to be carried . So he usually crawled into the basket of the baby stroller . So I decided we needed something to get for the 2 . Well this wagon is so nice and roomy . We bought this in-store and tried all the different ones . The others all seemed too small and cramped . I pull them all over and they have plenty of room and can even lay down and sleep . Plus carry around all sorts of gear . -LRB- Jackets , blankets , cameras , etc. . I highly recommend it .
 If you have the space in your garage and you want a durable wagon , the Discovery wagon is the way to go ! The Discovery fits 3 small kiddies or in my case , an infant in its infant carrier/seat , an 18 month old and a diaper bag comfortably . We love the smooth ride from the rubber wheels . We looked at other wagons and were not impressed by their plastic wheels or axel assemblies . Also , the sides on the Discovery are removable for transport -LRB- not always available on other plastic wagons -RRB- or for making a cozy bench while watching the kids play . My little one loves to store her treasures in the compartment under the wagon bed . Only one drawback to this fantastic wagon - it is so big that the turning radius is HUGE . Practice your three point turns and you wo n't have any problems . Have lots of fun in your new BIG red wagon !!! 7/29/03 - Wow ! It has been over a year since I wrote that review and we are still using our Discovery Wagon almost everyday ! We liked it sooo much that we got Grandpa one for Father 's Day ! He uses his wagon for the grandkids and his gardening . He also uses it to cart around his junk/stuff when he has church events ! In my previous review , I mentioned that you need the space in your garage to park this wagon . Well , grandpa mounted some bike hooks on the wall of his garage to HANG his Discovery Wagon ! He also made his own nylon webbing seatbelts to try and restrain my 16 month old ! Our only regret about our Discovery Wagon ... we got our wagon just a few weeks before they introduced the Discovery AT Wagon ! Alas , we still take our Discovery Wagon to the beach , but we leave it at the top of the sand rather than pulling it over the sand and right up to the water 's edge ! Other than that ... no complaints here !
 Our 9 month old son was recently in the hospital and they had many of these wagons to cart the children around in . At first I thought he was too young but after our 15th trip around the PEDS unit I realized that this was something that was perfect for him . He is our first child and we are very sceptical about the things he uses . . This wagon is the best . Upon leaving the hospital we purchased one of our own . I can see this being something he has for years to come ...
 It is the biggest wagon I could find ! Very sturdy with rubber wheels so it does not make as much noise going down the sidewalk . If you have had plastic wheel toys you know what I mean . The only complaint I have is the steering is a little limited . If you need to get in and out of tight spots you might want to look for a wagon that has castering front wheels . Not difficult to assemble but best if you have a small rubber mallet to tap the little red hubs in place when you put he wheels on the axle .
 I WANT TO PURCHASE THIS FOR MY 1 YR OLD . ALL THE REVIEWS SOUND GREAT!BUT MY MAIN CONCERN IS SEAT BELTS OR SOME WAY TO STRAP HIM DOWN?CAN SOMEONE PLEASE LET ME KNOW IF IT DOES HAVE THIS OPTION.MANY THANKSEMAIL
 For those of you who have this wagon , does this have a seat belt ? I 'm trying to decide which wagon to buy
 Before I bought this wagon for my 2 year old daughter I did some reaserch on different types of wagons and I always found that this one got great reviews . It didnt take me long to decided that this was the wagon for us . Both of my daughter love it ! My 6 year old loves to pull her 2 year old sister around in it . We have already been on many walks with this wagon . I see us using it a lot this summer . I LOVE the storage under the seat , we havent used it as a cooler yet but I am sure we will this summer . The kids really like the cup holders , they always like to bring water along on our walks . Despite no directions in the box the wagon was VERY easy to put together . It was up and ready to go in a matter of minutes . This wagon is one of the best I have seen .
 This wagon is well worth the money . Whether going for a walk and pulling them behind , or just letting them use their imagination , this is a wonderful toy .
 I was looking for a wagon that would be big enough for our trips to the beach . This one is . I can fit up to 5 beach chairs , an umbrella , and a tote on the wagon . Plus , it has what we call a secret compartment , where you can store sodas & juice with ice like a cooler.I would highly recommend it .
 I love this wagon and so does my son ! The hidden compartment is great to stash toys or a few drinks for a short time . I added an umbrella for shade . The wagon is a little bulky , but for hitting the park , beach , lake , fruit market we always seem to fill it up and have a great place for our son to chill and enjoy the ride .
 I would like to say this is the best wagon on the market , but it 's the first one I 've owned , so I ca n't really say that.However , if I was a betting man , I 'd bet it is.Love the large size , the long handle , the high walls , the rubber wheels , the cup holders , the storage/cooler underneath , and the overall sturdiness.Oh , and my 1-year-old loves it too . : -RRB- It really is a terrific wagon . I 'd highly recommend it .
 My daughter received this wagon for her 1st birthday and it only took 20 minutes to assemble . It 's very durable and has plenty of room for your child and anything else you need to take for the ride . Love the high sides which help in supporting the child and I do n't need to worry about her falling out ! You will need storage space for this one though as it is on the large end and is quite heavy so best if stored in a garage where it can just be wheeled in .
 This is a really great wagon . We shopped around quite a bit before buying and this was our favorite ! It is much quieter than the ones with plastic wheels and is easy to steer both on pavement and the grass . I would highly recommend this one .
 I have a 2 and a 5 year old and an infant . I can put the infant car seat sideways at the front strapped down with the kiddie strap . The other 2 arrange themselves comfortable . I slide the back panel through the straps on a backpack to add extra storage that is well needed . Although I love the cooler ! We do n't own a car so this has been a great alternative to any ! stroller . It breaks down quick and is light enough to lift in to the trunk of a cab . You just ca n't take it on the buss of course .
 MY SON HAD TO SPEND ONE AND HALF MONTHS IN THE HOSPITAL.AND THIS SAVED ME . HE LOVED PLAYING IN IT AND HALF OF THE TIME WANTED TO SLEEP IN IT.THANKS KEELIZA
 We just got this wagon and we have not stopped using it , not only does my son love it , our dogs love it too ! We have two Boston Terrier Dogs who love sitting it in and they love going for walks in it . That is how roomy this wagon is - you can fit a child and two dogs ! It keeps my son busy watching the dogs so we are all happy . It also fits two children very comfortably as we used it when he friend came over last week , they were both so content , they seemed to really enjoy the smooth ride and the room they both had ! I would recommend this to anyone , I know we are going to get a lot of use out of this one ! I really liked this wagon because my son is only 14 months and I was concerned about him bumping his head on the old fashioned kind , this one is great !
 After reading reviews for this wagon and the Pathfinder wagon , I decided on this one and went to Toys R Us and bought it . BOY . . AM I EVER GLAD I DID ! He did n't pay much attention to it in the store ... too many other distractions ! LOL ! But I bought it anyway . We put it together in minutes and he has n't got out of it since!It was raining when we brought it home and it rained the next day so we have n't taken it outside yet but we pull him around in the house now and he just loves it ! I only wish we would have bought this earlier when he was hospitalized for a couple weeks.It has a huge handle on it , easy to turn , lightweight , has storage in the seat for drinks , keys , diapers , etc. , has 2 side by side cupholders and is big enough for him and his 7 yr . old brother to fit easily in.I 'm thinking this is money well spent especially if we go to the Amusement Parks this summer ! It will be a nice change from the stroller . They can lay down in it and if my 7 yr . old gets tired of walking , there will be room for him too . Its even easy to pull with the both of them in there!The only problem I think I 'm going to have is when we get the chance to take it outside , it wo n't be able to come back in because of getting dirty and he 's not going to like that too much and we ca n't afford to buy 2 ! The sides on this do remove so I do n't think you will have too much problem taking it with you wherever you go . It would even be great for malls ! We have a van and its no problem fitting it into the back . THIS IS A GREAT BUY FOR THE MONEY !! GO BUY IT ! You wo n't regret it ! -LRB- My son does n't play with ANY of his hundreds of toys he has , but its been 3 days and he gets in it as soon as he wakes up ! -RRB- He even puts his stuffed animals in there and takes them for a ride . He pulls it himself and he is 23 mos . old on April 9th . Hope this helps with your decision ... ENJOY !
 We got this wagon for our twin girls when they were 18 months old -LRB- they are almost 3 now -RRB- . I was surprised when I saw it in person because it is huge !! At the time , they could actually both lie down in the wagon.This wagon has some really great features that have really come in handy and make it a really nice wagon . It has 2 cup holders , which are great for juice when going to the park or wherever . The sides detach to make it more versatile -LRB- flat bed , sitting bench , etc. . -RRB- . We have used it as a table for our girls lunch at the park . There is a trap door in the bottom to store small toys , keys , or diaper changing items . The wheels are rubber , not plastic like the Little Tikes wagon , and have held up very well . The handle is very comfortable to hold and easy to steer . The sides on the wagon are quite high , so even small children can ride comfortably . We have friends who have bought the other metal Radio Flyer wagons , and they say they are just not very durable . This one is durable , and it wo n't rust !! The ride is really smooth and quiet , which is just a nice plus ! : -RRB- This is by far the best plastic wagon out there ! We compared this one to the Little Tikes wagon , and there is really no comparison . The Little Tikes one is cute with the little seats , but it is not as versatile , not as big , and the wheels are cheap . I definitely recommend this wagon , but this is the only Radio Flyer product I would recommend , as my experience in general with Radio Flyer -LRB- metal wagons and tricycles -RRB- has n't been great .
 I have a 6 yr old and a 2 year old who love this wagon ! Its the biggest one on the market -LRB- we have had five 6 yr olds in it at once -RRB- and has high sides so no one can tip out . We use it so much that I keep it in the back of my 2000 ford windstar , so big i can put anything else i need in my car inside -LRB- ie stroller groceries travel potty and diaper bag -RRB- it goes everywear from the bronx zoo to jones beach or even a walk to the park . I highly recomend this sturdy wagon -LRB- it still looks like new after 2yrs of use -RRB- .
 I initially thought this wagon was over-priced . However , I needed a wagon that would fit my three children -LRB- ages 3 , 2 , and 1 at the time -RRB- comfortably and be durable . The fact that it was a Radio Flyer let me know it was a quality product , so we bought it and we absolutely LOVE it ! One review said it would n't fit in her car . We have a mid-size SUV and when you take the sides off -LRB- which is done very easily -RRB- , it fits with no problem . My kids fit with one at each end -LRB- so one is always facing the opposite direction they 're traveling in -RRB- and the smallest one sits between one 's legs . We 've taken it to amusement parks , parades , and everyday walks in the neighborhood . The wheels are rubber , not plastic , so they can travel over pretty much any terrain and stay attatched . We have definitely gotten our money 's worth - and then some - out of this wagon .
 When considering which wagon to buy we decided with the Discovery for MANY reasons . It 's roomy enough for 2 , it has a cooler , it can fit in the trunk of my Maxima , my child can get in & out with ease , it can be washed down , etc.We have already gotten our $ $ 's worth . We used it @ the zoo & beach with great success . I can see how it will come in handy for many other events ; a parade , etc. . The possibilities are limitless ! We 're a family on the go & this hasreally served us well in the short time we 've had it.There is one thing I would suggest
 OK , not only do the kids love this wagon , but mommy does too ! I bought this wagon for my 12 mo. old girls for Christmas -LRB- I knew that the recommended age was a little older but by the time Sping came , we could actually use it -RRB- . We are expecting another baby in April so I wanted to get a wagon that would last , and be large enough to hold all three children . This wagon is plenty big ! My girls can take toys , books , their stuffed animals whatever and still have enough room . I love the fact that it is plastic -LRB- no rust or metal edges to worry about -RRB- , it steers really well for being so large , the cooler makes it easy to bring along cold drinks and the cup holders are a nice feature too ! We plan on taking it to the beach this summer and have already tried it out at the park with good results . It 's not heavy at all -LRB- I 'm 8 mo. pregnant now and can pull it with the girls very easily -RRB- . This is a great investment ! I only wish that it had seatbelts like one of the other models I saw in the store , but the girls have learned that the wagon does n't go unless they are seated . Great buy ! Very happy with this product !
 We just bought this wagon last night and we are already so excited . My son is 3 and he has been wanting a wagon for awhile now . We have been hesitant because it seems there are so many options out there , it is a bit overwhelming . I read a review from someone with triplets and we headed to the store to get that exact wagon -LRB- along with our 3yr . old , we have 19 month twins -RRB- . When we got there we saw this one , I love the radio flyer brand and was excited to see the price was reasonable . The cup holders are great , the compartment under the floor is great and they all three fit in it with plenty of room . We are going to a large function this weekend and we are taking the wagon and parking the stroller in the garage !!
 I just got this wagon . . although it 's a bit expensive ... you get what you pay for . My 2 kids are now 3 and 1 and I know I 'll be useing this wagon for many years , to carnavals , flea markets to the park , beach etc. . My daughter loves this wagon she cant get enough of it . . and still till this day is not bored of it yet.There is so much room , I 'll take blankets and drinks for the kids and there is extra storage for extra stuff . I wasnt sure on which or what wagon to buy at first but when I saw a 7 yr.old girl jump in it at the store . . that sold me and of course last but not least the tires are RUBBER so its a smooth ride and quite too which makes me very happy ; - -RRB-
 I was hesitant to buy anything than a traditional metal Radio Flyer but I am so glad I bought this one ! It is durable , lightweight and easy to manuveur . My grandson loves it ! It 's very roomy too .
 This is one of the best wagons out there . I did extensive comparing before i bought this one and i am glad i did . Everything i ever read about this wagon is true . It is SO easy to put together and take apart . My son LOVES it so much . He plays with his toys in it all the time and he loves to hide his toys in the secret storage compartment . I ca n't wait to fill it up with snacks and drinks when we have to go somewhere . This wagon will easily fit my 2 year plus my 2 nephews , both 2 years old . my 9 yr old also fits in this as well as me ! I had to try it out too and it held me well.My son loves the cup holders too.Overall this is a great durable wagon .
 We just got this wagon for our 18 month old daughter . It is big and wonderful . She could even sleep in it if she wanted to . We love the cooler . I only wish it came with a rubber plug , but it 's easy to find something that will work to stop the drain . When we do n't use it as a cooler , it 's great for holding my wallet or keys or anything else that 's not immediately in use and we do n't want little hands getting into . The sippy cup holders are perfect and they can even hold juice boxes for when my daughter masters using a straw . The wagon is light weight in comparison to wagons of the same size . Easily fits two kids with LOTS of room to spare . The arms is extra long so you do n't get your heels hit by the front edge of the wagon . It was also very easy to put together . I can see our growing family using this wagon for many years . What a great buy !
 We got this to use to haul our ` stuff ' across the beach and for pulling kids on the boardwalk . It is huge , easily 3 kids . Does NOT work well on the beach ; tires are too thin . Good on the boardwalk but since no seatbelts , I was a bit nervous that someone could easily walk up to the wagon and I 'd never know a kid was gone . Great product ; quiet on the sidewalk ; not practical for beach/very public places .
 This wagon has been one of our grandchildrens favorite toys for a mumber of years and they are having a great time playing with it and it has stood the test of time all the way from hauling sand , rocks , being used as a dog cart pulled by two very affecinate but not always obeident little red wagon pulling dogs . It has been durable and fun for them . WE PURCHASED THIS WAGON IN 2002 FOR OUR GRANDCHILDREN AND I AM HAPPY TO REPORT THAT IT IS , ALTHOUGH SLIGHTLY FADED , STILL GOING STRONG AND THEY ARE STILL PLAYING WITH IT IN 2009 . Additional comment on the wagon it is now a year later , -LRB- 2010 -RRB- and the wagon is still going strong . Too bad that they quit manufacturing it . I reciently purchased another wagon for another grandchild which was the same brand and similar in design but when it arrived it was not near the quality of this wagon and I doubt that it will be around nearly as long . WHY CHANGE A PRODUCT WHEN IT IS A GOOD RELIABLE PRODUCT , PEOPLE ARE WILLING TO PAY FOR QUALITY AND DURABILITY !!!!
 Got this wagon for my grandson , 3 and granddaughter , 1 . They love it ! Their parents can pull them around the neighborhood and he can pull his little sister in the yard . Thought the cup holders were a great touch .
 Could not find this anywhere but online . Love this product . Hours of outside play for my kids who ride in it and pull eachother and other stuff around . It 's even been used as a hiding place when turned upside down . My husband and I use it a ton too for hauling firewood into the garage to lugging gardening supplies around . Great , durable product .
 Very nice wagon , granddaughter loves it , steers great and have not had a tipping problem , very large , could not find in any stores . Made well , easy to put together , great to use as a seat by removing a side , would be nice if Radio Flyer provided a seat belt or two . Should last for years if taken care of . Made in the U.S.A. Thanks Radio Flyer ... buy American !
 We searched for a long time to find this particular model , with which my daughter had played at a friend 's house . It 's roomy enough for older children , has plenty of storage , and includes useful details -LRB- seat backs , cup holders -RRB- that do n't get in the way . It 's durable -LRB- so far -RRB- and sturdy . I think it was worth the search and the wait -LRB- we tried to find it locally for months , and it simply is not available in our good-sized city -RRB- . We 'll be using this toy in the yard and at the zoo and nursery for a long , long time .
 My daughter loves this . She 's three years old . She thinks the compartment in the floor is great and fills it with all kinds of stuff . It fits in the back of my station wagon with the sides taken off , so it 's perfect to take to the farmer 's market , etc. . I 'm a single mom , so I put it together myself in just a few minutes . All you need is a hammer . I really liked that this item shipped with no extra freight fee .
 I loved this wagon for my son . He enjoys being hauled around and the ride is si smooth for him . I like the umbrella accessory too since it provides him with shade as we stroll around .
 This wagon was easy to put together . We use it frequently when picnicking outdoors and going to the park . It is big enough for my 2 year old to lie down and take a nap . It was also large enough to hold our lunch cooler and my daughter . It is very easy to pull around and is very durable .
 My one year old loves to ride around in this wagon ! The only problem is he likes to stand up a lot , but that 's because he 's very active . He 'll point to the wagon in the garage when we are going by and want to go for a ride . The wagon was really easy to put together and fits great in the back of our pacifica .
 When I purchased this wagon it was with the idea that it would be her vehicle for walks . Although she loved the stroller , it was a bit restricting and there was not a lot of space for her `` wriggling '' and toys.This wagon has become the `` comfort zone '' . It 's an excellent bedside companion , `` in the living room , dining room , kitchen companion . She can be asleep and I can keep an eye on her at all times.So it has become one of my best purchases .
 I bought this wagon for my 18 months old twin girls and they loved if from the time I finished putting it together!They even want to sleep in the wagon!We live in the countryside of Costa Rica and the wagon has proved to be very resistant , we take it to the beach , to the park , to the supermarket , etc.You wo n't regret buying this wagon .
 One thing you should keep in mind before buying a wagon like this one is the dimensions . It 's huge , basically as large as a whole bath tub.It maybe is n't the best size for pulling around a baby under a year old , and of course it is n't small enough for a baby to push around him or herself after learning to walk . It really is meant for carting around toddlers only .
 I bought this wagon for my son because he loves to be outdoors . All we have to do is say wagon & he gets excited & starts handing us our shoes . He can be out in it for hours & be totally content . So if you have a child who is big on the outdoors this is a great investment , & is worth it .
 A couple years ago , when my son was about 1 1/2 , I started researching wagons . We buy season tickets to the zoo -LRB- Audubon -RRB- and , well , that requires a wagon . The ATV Discovery model with large pneumatic tires seemed like the best choice . Looked for it online but everyone was out of stock . I finally ordered it from an online toy store that claimed to have it and , after profuse apologies , they told me that they could no longer get it . I called Radio Flyer and the person I spoke to confirmed that it had gone out of production ; and if I remember correctly , she said they 'd just shut down their factory and sent the work overseas . I asked her what it would take for me to install pneumatic tires on the regular Discovery Wagon . She said that the axles would have to be wider to accommodate the larger tires . She also said that they did n't have any of the wider axles available for sale . Dangit ! Nevertheless , it is still the best choice of available wagons . I bought mine from the local Toys R Us . It did take them a while to find their one rather battered box o ' Discovery Wagon . Happily , when I got it home , everything was in tact and undamaged . It is really -LRB- nearly -RRB- the ultimate parade/festival/zoo wagon . The interior storage is great for first aid stuff , changes of clothes , diapers and whatever other supplies you expect to need -LRB- unless something gets spilled in the wagon then you may have a bit of a mess . I pack all that stuff in ziplock bags before I stow it -RRB- . In fact I like that storage area so much that I wonder why they did n't use more of the `` dead space '' for storage compartments . You can never have too much storage . I love the cup holders too , but it would help if they could adjust to a larger size . The extra long handle is fantastic too . It makes it much easier for an adult to pull the wagon without pain . The solid rubber tires are considerably better than those awful blown plastic things I see people dragging around . I do wish the solid rubber were quieter on the wooden walkways that go through much of the zoo . They 're also , probably , not as easy to pull up a curb as the large pneumatic tires would be . I 'm very happy with this wagon . I really think it is the best currently available for the way we use it ; but I just ca n't understand why the ATV model was discontinued . It was such a good idea . It really makes no sense . We were willing to save for a couple more months to get one . As soon as I figure out how to do it , I fully intend to put new longer axles and pneumatic tires on this thing . Harbor Freight is always advertising 10 '' pneumatic tires on sale . It 's just a matter of getting the correct size rods threaded for the tires .
 What a great wagon ! It has 3-point seat belts to keep your kiddos safe AND high-back seats . It has 4 cup holders . The seats fold flat to use it as a regular wagon which is also great as a diaper-changing table ! We 've had to do this several times at the park - it 's clean and better for your back than changing on an icky floor or on the park bench . I 've also folded one seat to become a make-shift eating table for one ! It 's sturdy and has held up great ! No tipping - not even the feeling of it . The handle locks in the upright position - which is very nice . The handle ALSO folds underneath the wagon for easy transport . This wagon fits in the trunk of my Honda Civic with no problem ! You do need to assemble , but it 's not too bad!All - in-all a really great purchase to keep your kiddos safe while being pulled and with all the extra great features - it 's the best one I could find ! -LRB- I gave it 5 stars for educational - well , if you point out things you see while the kids are riding , then it really can be educational ! I know it 's a stretch ! -RRB-
 My lab this wagon for use in the field . We all LOVE it ! It is just what we needed . Everything -LRB- and anything -RRB- fits in it and it 's easy to clean.It was a great buy .
 I bought this after reading many good reviews by customers -LRB- last time I listen to them -RRB- . It is a very attractive looking wagon , easy to put together . However I was quite disappointed by the construction . The moving parts are made of either by plastic to plastic or plastic to metal contacts . Therefore , these parts will wear out fast . It is a good wagon , not worth -LSB- the price -RSB- . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 We LOVE this wagon . I went on a 2 hour walk with my kids this morning because we were having so much fun with this wagon , we did n't want to go home . There are MANY features that set this wagon apart from the others for me . There is only one thing that is n't perfect , and that 's the weight - it is kinda heavy , although you 'd never guess by pulling it . I just know because we live upstairs , and have to take it up and down the narrow stairs every few hours ... but I 'm building and toning some muscles doing so !!! My favorite features :1 . Rubber Wheels - VERY quiet ride , and VERY smooth ride . My daughter is 8 months old and can sit up on her own , but I was nervous going over curbs and big bunps . I am nervous no longer ! The ride was so smooth , me daughter stayed sitting the whole time .2 . It is a deep wagon ! My 2 year old is happy to stay put because he does n't want to try and hop out . Plus , they wo n't slip out when trying to look at the neighbors rose garden .3 . It is VERY sturdy . I could not get it to tip over -- and it was n't for the lack of trying ! 4 . It is easy to take the side off and use as a bench at the playground ! This is also very convenient for letting tots climb in and out themselves .5 . It is easy to put together !!! It took my two year old and I maybe 5 minutes to put it together , and my 2 year old helped a bunch , and is very pround of himself ! 6 . It can fit SEVERAL kids ! Up to 4 smaller -LRB- under 40lbs -RRB- kids comfortably ! This is a FUN wagon to share ! It is also awsome for 1-2 children PLUS an infant carrier seat ! 7 . Fits easily in the trunk of my compact car .8 . The cooler area is perfect for my keys , my 2 year old 's shoes , my wallet , the sunscreen and LOTS of snacks.I love this wagon . It is our new mode of transportation at the mall , bringing groceries in to our apartment , walking to church and the playground , and even moving boxes ! As my husband said , this is the Lexus SUV of wagons ! We are VERY happy with this wagon , and are excited in our long-tern investment this wagon will prove to be !
 This is the coolest wagon ! I have 16 month old twins who love to ride around in this wagon . It is huge and there is plenty of room even when they are in there ! The wagon is super sturdy and does n't easily topple . It has n't yet and my boys are kinda energetic ! It is deep enough that they do n't fall out . And you can carry so much stuff with you ! I love to take it to the beach so I can pile the boys , the snacks , diaper bag , purse , toys and towel in it ! And still a free hand ! It is a nice break from the stroller for the boys because they can move around in this and play with each other and with toys . But they also like to stand up and there is nothing to stop this.The drink hodlers are a nice bonus but they only hold juice boxes or cups with narrow bottoms . The storage compartment is awesome . I hide my purse in it and put something over it when we walk away . It says it fits a 12 pack , which I have n't tried , but it does have a drainage hole ! Too cool ! The sides come off so the kids can sit with their legs hanging down like a bench.The only downside is that it is REALLY big ! If you live in a small place you would have to store it with things inside of it ! But it does completely break down so it can become smaller-I fit it in the front seat of my Ford Escort ! The handle does n't fold down well if the wagon is assembled though . The only other small negative is that is has a very wide turn radius so it does n't maneuver like a stroller.All in all this wagon is cool and very worth the money ! It should last a long time because it has durable rubber wheels , not plastic like some cheaper models . I expect this to last until my kids are 10 ! They are 16 months now !
 We have a Little Tikes Wagon that was bought when our now 9yr old was 1 and a month or so ago 2 wheels cracked so I called to get replacement ones . They tell me they no longer carry them . Well what was I to do , now I had to go out and research wagons all over again . As I have now have 1 2 & 4 year old.So I did all my research on line and when I felt I had exhausted all my options I went to Toys R Us to look at the `` Radio Flyer Discovery Wagon '' . I liked what I saw and bought it.Came home and held onto it for a month as my in-laws were giving it to the two girls for their birthdays -LRB- which are a 2 weeks apart -RRB- . It was very easy to put together and boy is it huge . All 3 of my girls -LRB- including my 9 year old -RRB- can fit in it so easily . We use it primarily to take the kids and their stuff to the beach and back.A couple of negatives . Yes it seems as if these wheels will last although they are much harder to pull over on grass or gravel -LRB- compared to Little Tikes -RRB- . The entire wagon is alot heavier to pull before you even put anything in it -LRB- compared to Little Tikes -RRB- . However the size is great and the added cooler is a great idea . But I would not recommend the Radio Flyer Umbrella as it breaks the first time you use it . Instead spend $ 4 on a beach chair umbrella -LRB- it is bigger and much sturdier -RRB- then your little one 's will be out of the sun.Also this week Toys R Us are having a great sale on this wagon you will save $ 20 . I paid $ 80 for mine but after how much use we got out of the Little Tikes wagon -LRB- 8 years -RRB- that 's $ 10 a year for the use of a wagon and this one I think should last us even longer .
 i bought this wagon for my 16mos old son and he absolutely loves it ! This wagon is HUGE ! there 's plenty of room for the pool bag , toys , 3 or 4 kids even ! I love the little underneeth compartment and the fact that it 's on hinges and does n't completely come off is a plus . The rubber wheels make it easy to manouver on trails or in the grass and they 're not nearly as noisy as the plastic wheels . It was very easy to put together and I did it myself in less than 5 minutes . i would say the only draw backs are that the cup holders are a little on the small side , but that 's not a big deal . This wagon is a must have , esp if you 're looking for one with lots of room !
 Wowie Wow Wow ! As a mom of two , and a daycare provider , no other wagon can compare to our new Discovery ATW . I have the newer version with the air-filled rubber wheels . What an awesome wagon ! As a neighbor noted , `` the Stealth Wagon '' as we waited for the school bus . I had the Traveler wagon , which we quickly outgrew and recently sold . It was loud . The plastic is great , quiet and comfy . My son loves hopping over the sides to get in . It manuvers great and the higher sides give me the assurance that the kids wo n't topple over.The kids love to see how much they can haul in it around the yard . Older kids could pull it , too . I easily haul 100 pds . of children when we go for walks . Storage area great for our nature walks.I rave about this wagon to everyone ! Forget the plastic tires on other brands , what a joke ! This wagon is worth every dollar ! Thank you Radio Flyer for such a fun and practical wagon ! Mollie
 I have been shopping for a wagon for my son for a while and I must confess I wanted one of those big ones with monster tires and the full package , but the $ ... price tag scared me . I finally narrowed my choice down to the Step 2 wagon for two or the Radio Flyer Discovery wagon . After reading the reviews for both I decided on the Radio Flyer and I am so GLAD . This wagon is the BEST choice for the money . I can take my 3 year old everywhere , on and off curbs , over rocks and through sand . He loves it and he spends morning , noon and night playing in it . I would highly recomend it to anyone looking for a durable , fun and practically priced wagon . Since the sides are removeable it fits good in the trunk of my Kia . I also got the clip on umbrella and although some have had trouble with it I personally like it , though it is a bit small .
 I bought this wagon for my 14 month old daughter and am pleased with the quality . It is well worth the money and easy to assemble . It is a large wagon so it 's not for those who like/want compact items , but it 's easy to manuveur . Plenty of room for toys , snacks , pillows , etc. and it has high walls so I 'm not worried about her falling out . She loves this wagon more then her stroller !!
 Got this wagon for my 5 year old son . He really enjoys being pulled about the yard by his siblings . This wagon has a nice cooler in the bottom of it which can fit a 6 pack of soda or juice boxes . There are also cup holders that will hold either cans or boxes . Easy clean up just spray with garden hose . The rubber wheels make it easy to pull on all surfaces and give it an easy ride . It 's large enough to hold 2 older children comfortably and if the children sit in train fashion it can fit up to 3 . This is a must buy and a great investment .
 I bought this wagon not realizing how big it is . It is BIG . I could fit 3 children in this wagon easily . It is not an `` inside '' toy . However , my two year old climbed in and would not get out . He LOVES it . He loves to be pulled around the yard and down the street in it . It is deep enough so that he can not fall out . This is a great wagon .
 I bought this for my 18 month old after doing a fair amount of on-line and `` field '' research . I like the rubber wheels , the extremely long handle , the big bed , the cubby hole -LRB- nice size -RRB- , the removable sides and the fact that the handle is attached to the front axle makes it easier and steadier to turn . Rubber tires work well on gravel and are much quieter than plastic . My son loves it . The cupholder fits the sizes we use but wo n't fit anything w/handles . Things to note however , include
 This wagon is cool it practically drives it self . It takes corners and curbs and hills and everything else GREAT ! My husband tried to make it tip over , and he did n't even phase the thing ! Yes it is BIG and that is one of the things I love about it ! As far as fitting in a car - the sides can come off and it will fit fine ! It you do n't want something BIG though this probably is n't the wagon for you - but if you want enough room to hall your kids , their stuff , yours stuff , and then some without having to worry about it all falling out - this is definately for you . We even love to just tote around the neighborhood . . I can lay a blanket down - I can walk and my toddler can nap . It is great .
 We bought this for my 2 year old daughters birthday . It took us about 5 minutes to put together -LRB- with her `` helping '' -RRB- and seems very sturdy . She climbed in and insisted on being dragged all over the yard for at least 30 minutes . Her Uncle even ran while pulling it through the yard - there was very little bounce . After everyone had tired of pulling it , she refused to get out and even laid down flat so we could n't get her out . She loves this wagon and there is plenty of room for friends of every kind . I even used it to haul plants and dirt . Great wagon that I expect to get lots of years of use out of .
 Love this wagon!I wanted the biggest kids wagon I could find , and this was it . My kids love playing with it , and my 5 year old can pull it with children inside . It has the rubber wheels , and metal axle for durability . It had my 1 year old , two 4 year olds and my 8 year old son in it all at once ! I love the ice chest feature . It flips up so you can put a 12 pack plus ice -LRB- we tested it out -RRB- and it has a drainage hole so as the ice melts the water drains . It has 2 cup holders built in , the kids LOVE that ! It does not have seat belts , but it is pretty deep so that my one year old wo n't fall out . To give you an idea of the height of the sides ... She is tall for her age , and the top of the side hits her around the lower neck area . All the sides as EASILY removable , but not so easy that the kids will be taking them off . The handle will not fold flat as is , but if you remove the front panel , it does fold flat for storage . I also bought the radio flyer canopy . It fits on the wagon perfectly . If you are looking for a large wagon that is fun and easy to use , this is it .
 We absolutely love this wagon ! My 2yr old will ride as long as I want to walk , stop , detour , whatever ... she 's glued ! It is huge & on the heavy side . But also huge -LRB- you can carry so much/many children -RRB- w / great quality & durability . I can easily see us w / this wagon for years to come & would suggest it to anyone comparing .
 Terrific . We purchased this waggon to cart our 3 year old and all our stuff to the beach which is a five - six block walk . It handles great . It 's big enough to fit him and a bunch of stuff . The wheels are very durable , we have no problem going over dirt , grass on the side of the road etc. . It manuvers very easily the turning radius is great . It is totally washable . At the end of the days we just turn the hose on and wash away the dirt & sand . And there is a build in cooler that holds six cans underneather - what a bonus .
 I did my homework when looking for a wagon also . I saw how everyone had positive comments & decided to purchase it even though I was worried about spending so much money a wagon ?! I am sooooo glad that I did ! It is HUGE ! 3 kids can comfortably fit in the wagon & the nice rubber tires take the wagon over anything!It is well worth the money !!
 I had shopped for a wagon and done all my home on every single one out there . I really wanted one that would fit my three girls 2 , 4 , and 5 . Discovery Wagon by Radio Flyer is great . It has the no-tilt steering , and the storage compartment that fits anything you need . The removable sides are great for my young girls for easy in and out . I am a very picky shopper but this wagon is everything and more . Fits in my van with no problem . Removable sides make it so easy to tuck it away . We use this wagon for zoos , walks to the park , carnivals , or just for the kids to play around with . I highly recomend this wagon as Radio Flyer has a great reputation .
 I just purchased the wagon today for my 3 year old little girl and put it together in about 15 mins . or less . I 'm a single mother who likes to do as much as I can with my daughter . This is a great wagon for the price . ... The wagon is deep and has a storage bin that seems like it will come in very handy . It has the rubber and NOT plastic wheels so I 'm very happy with that . Makes for a smooth and not bumpy loud ride . I like the cup/juice box holders even though they do n't seem very big , but are big enough to do the job . Since I just got the wagon , I have n't tried the umbrella which people do n't seem to be a big fan of , but I will try it and if it does n't work , there is always other umbrellas you can try out that I 'm sure will work . I also plan to put a blanket or her old baby quilt on the bottom to make it more comfortable . So people have complained that it makes wide turns , but in the toy store , I put my child in there and pulled her around the whole store for a test run and it -LRB- at least this particular wagon -RRB- turns just fine . It 's big enough to haul her and two of her little friends and I even got in it and had my father pull me . I was trying to see what it took to tip the thing over and it would n't . So my bet is that it 's pretty safe unless you 're on some huge hill ... but hopefully you will be paying close attention to what your kid -LRB- s -RRB- is doing with and in the wagon . It is not the lightest wagon in the world but works just fine on sidewalks and even pavement , ground and slight hills . Now if your are towing a couple of kids and their stuff expect to put a little effort into it , but it really is n't bad at all.I was torn between this Discovery wagon and the Pathfinder wagon because it has the `` sit-in '' feature with seat belts . And it is a great choice , I really do n't think you could go wrong with one or the other . I just think it 's really up to what you want in a wagon . My little girl is big for her age and she has lots of friends so I like the fact I can put three 3-4 year olds in the Discovery . And I also like the fact she can lay down in this one which has deep sides since she may get tired of sitting up-right in a wagon after while . If you want more of a safety feature -LRB- seatbelts -RRB- with young toddlers then I would go with the Pathfinder . I also like the fact you can easily break the discovery wagon down.Some people complained that as great as the radio flyer wagons are , they do n't have enough ` storage ' space for the longer outings like Theme parks , picnics , soccer games etc or if you just want to tow stuff with out cramping the kid -LRB- s -RRB- or tow an additional child -LRB- although I would not advise it with this trailer -RRB- . I also plan on purchasing the Radio Flyer wagon trailer for the Radio Flyer web-site unless I can find it in a local store somewhere . The web site claims it will attach to any of their full size wagons ... soooooo . . Do n't purchase the trailer just by what I say since I 'm not even sure if it will work with the plastic wagons , but I do think it may have a good chance of working . If it does then this will give me a lot of extra ` wagon ' storage room.It is a large wagon so if you have a small car you need to brake it down . . which you ca n't do with the other radio flyer plastic wagons or you 'll have to keep your trips local to your home . You can always use the wagon to store extra toys like a toy chest if you keep it in the house or stuff in from the garage if you keep it there which is what I plan to do.Clean up looks very easy so I 'm sure no one will have a problem there and we know it wo n't rust.I think this is a wagon that will last for many , many years to come and I 'm sure is worth every penny of the $ 59 I spent on it . Even if I end up getting the trailer , I am still pretty much breaking even with the regular non-sale average price the wagon goes for . ...
 This is a great wagon ! I have four children and we use this wagon constantly . We take it to all the soccer games , if you take the side off , it doubles as a bench for the kids . This wagon holds two kids all our jackets , and toys to keep the little ones busy at the soccer games .
 I 've had my wagon about five years . It has survived two cross-country moves and has been an enormous help moving furniture , hauling groceries , and of course , carrying kids and toys . I originally got it for my youngest to play with , and for jaunts around the neighborhood . However , it 's great use has been helping us move heavy furniture and supplies . We live in a large apartment , and I use my wagon to take groceries upstairs . We also use it to move furniture and boxes . The sides come off , so it can hold very large loads . It can roll up and down one large step , fully loaded , with ease . The side cup holders and blue cooler are handy , but I do n't use them that much . The removable sides , strong wheels , durable construction and overall usability make this a great value to me . I ca n't imagine not having this wagon .
 I am so glad I spent the extra money on this wagon . It 's huge ! I can put my 3 y/o in it AND the carseat that holds the 9 month old . And the space in the bottom is great for sweaters , extra toys or my purse/keys , etc. . It steers great , even with the combined weight of both kids -LRB- about 75 pounds with the carseat -RRB- . My 3 y/o hates strollers and will only walk but even she enjoys riding in this . I 'm even considering taking my daughter on an organized 5k walk with me . She can have her books and toys and I can get some exercise .
 First let me say - I LOVE this wagon ! I am the most analytical thinker of all time . I read every review I could find about this particular model . I was a little concerned that maybe it would be too big based on the other reviews , but I was thrilled when it arrived . It was very easy to assemble and my kids ca n't get enough of it . It fits in the trunk of my 2007 Honda Accord provided that I remove the walls first . This is super easy and super quick . It 's true that it 's huge-I can lay inside with my legs haning over the top -LRB- it 's actually more comfortable than it sounds -RRB- . Still , it handles very easily and is also much more quiet than I expected . I 'll admit that going up the slightest hill is a bit of a workout , but that 's not such a bad thing . I definitely give this wagon a thumbs up !
 We purchased this item for my daughter 's 1st birthday . She loves it and we use it often . The compartment in the bottom is great to store things in . The cup holders are great and a variety of different kinds of drinks . The only thing we do n't like is that it does n't have seatbelts but my daughter has leared to sit down in it very well ! It is also portable since all the sides come off to put it in the car .
 I had a First Years Wagon , so this is my second wagon and I love it . I have a 2 yr old , 4 yr old and 6 yr old and I can fit all three of them in the wagon ! It pulls easily and rides smooth .
 This item was was purchased for hauling items such as lawn chairs ice chest etc. , when going to the lake , beach , water park . It is a great tool.We could have bought a larger metal wagon from someone like Harbour Frieght for less , but the plastic does not rust .
 Our two boys -LRB- 3 1/2 and 14 months -RRB- love this wagon . It 's roomy , easy to pull , and they love the sippy cup holders and storage compartment -LRB- to hide snacks -RRB- . A great wagon !
 this is a great wagon I bought one 2 years ago to take the grandchildren out they love it you can take off the sides when they get older for easy acsess in and out . It has a good size storage underneath which we use as a cooler to keep bevarages in.My daughter liked it so much we just purchased another one for her for the kids .
 I ended up buying this wagon from the local toy store when they had a sale on it . Amazon was the same price , but wanted $ 35.00 to ship it , plus sales tax . Where is the deal in that ? I saved the $ 35 and will most likely never buy any big items from Amazon until they figure out a way to be competitive with their pricing.As for the wagon itself , my son loves it ! There is n't anywhere he does n't want to take it . With my SUV , it fits easily , and can actually be used to store stuff on the trip to the park , beach , etc. . Being a little bit of a daredevil , he has already taken it down a few hils , and both survived without any injury . It also comes in handy around the yard , and doubles as a planter wagon for the garden . Being plastic , a simple quirt with the hose , and it is all clean again .
 Our 1 year old daughter loved receiving this as a birthday gift , she is constantly pushing it or wanting to be pulled in it . We take it everywhere from the park to the store to the zoo , and I have to admit I 've had alot of fun playing in it also ! : -RRB-
 The instruction sheet was a xeroxed copy , the parts list was not clear , no words - only sketches . There are no holes in the seat belts to attach the belts to the seat ... the long handle was not in the box , the blue plastic guard over the front wheel has a molding flaw ... Hoping that this bike is durable , but not convinced .
 The Amazon reviewer states `` When kids get tired of pedaling , parents can lock the handlebars in place and steer via a push bar that attaches to the back of the bike . '' It does come with a push bar , but I do n't see how the handlebars lock in place . The box the Supertrike 4 came in says nothing about the handlebar locking in place . Neither does the instruction book . I will probably return the trike , since I specifically wanted this feature . It does , however , look like a durable , smooth-riding trike .
 We pondered long and hard before spending the money on this tricycle for our son . Well , it now belongs to # 2 son , and is still in perfect condition . In fact the 5 year old STILL loves to ride this thing.The wheels are perfect for all kinds of neighborhood terrain , and I LOVE the steer handle . I steer the little one along while the big one rides his big boy bike and everyone is happy.I am VERY impressed with the durability of this product . Recommended !
 Overall this trike is well designed with one major exception related to safety : Our granddaughter was not quite tall enough to keep her feet on the pedals during a full rotation and we were pushing her with the handle . One of her foot slipped off the pedal and got jammed between the pedal and the front-wheel fork . Luckily , we were walking very slowly at the time and she was wearing shoes with a very thick and rigid sole . Otherwise , her foot could easily have been broken . The solution is to extend the frame to one of the 4 adjustments so that a child ca n't reach the pedals until he/she can pedal by himself . The manufacturer should make the front wheel free wheeling in the reverse rotation or install footrests .
 My 2-year-old daughter learned how to pedal this bike with its big-tires that make this bike fantastic for the lawn too . The construction of this German-made trike is better than any other bike I 've seen on-line or elsewhere . You will NOT be disappointed . I love the hand-brake and dump-box for my little girl 's safety and recreation . She likes to get buckled up and I know she 's safer - wearing a helmet too - of course .
 If you do a side-by-side comparison of thisKiddio Supertrike 4 with the genuine KettrikeCombi you will see the quality differences.The `` seatbelt '' that comes with this tricycleis chincy ... If you want the freewheeling feature -LRB- which isreally nice if the parent is pushing withthe bar -RRB- , then the Kettrike Jumbo is theanswer . Look for a Kettler HKS Authorizeddealer to find the full selection of genuineKettrikes .
 After a lot of searching , purchased the kiddio supertrike . It is great . Very stable , has inflatable tires and a big seat . The other one I had always fell over . It is very easy to push if you opt for the the bar . It appears very durable . I have a baby on the way who will surely get some use out of it also . OF note , It was not that easy to put together . It took my husband nearly an hour .
 I purchased this recently for my sons 2nd birthday . he is a tall 2 year old boy but still is not ready to peddle this himself . So I was very excited about the parent push bar . However I did not realize that this trike does not have the peddal locking feature when the parent is pushing from behind . I can tell you now that the peddal locking feature is VERY important if you plan on using it that way at first . My son cant keep up with the peddals motion even when I am going pretty slow . His feet slip off and have gotten caught up in the peddal and the wheel several times . So needless to say this will not be used by him until he is a bit older and can peddal it himself . Had I known that I would have splurged on a more expensive model so I could use the parent push feature . That being said this is a very nice very sturdy trike . He will love it when he can do it by himself . I love the rubber tires and it has not tipped even once when my son has climbed on or off of it . My husband put it together without problems . It took him about 40 minutes to do it . But not complicated at all . All and all this will be a great trike for an older toddler that is ready to peddle solo .
 Easy to put together . It took me about 40 minutes . Solidly constructed . Pedals are a little short for my daughter -LRB- she 's 23 months -RRB- , but she loves to be pushed around and is getting the hang of steering while she grows into it . The handle makes it easy to push the tricycle around and if you tilt it back slightly you can steer as well . For the money I have to say this is a lot of tricycle .
 Bought for my almost 2 grandson and he loves it ! We love the sturdiness of all the components and know he 'll be able to play with this bike for years ! He loves the dumper best . We love the big air tires and the handle is a great idea ! As heavy duty as he is .
 I wrote my initial review , below , almost 3 years ago , and now I think `` That 's all I paid for this trike ? '' It was definitely worth it . How pleasant it is when you feel like you 've actually gotten your money 's worth from something ! The trike has now been through both my daughter and my son , and it 's still in such good shape that this Spring it is going to be passed on to a cousin . The trike garnered plenty of raves from other parents along the way with regard to the push pole and the easy rolling pnuematic tires . After 3 years of use by two kids , I 'd still highly recommend this trike.April 21 , 2002 - I purchased the Supertrike 4 after seeing the top-of-the-line Kiddio trikes at the mall . I was impressed by the features , but the cost was a little high . I am very happy with the combination of features and value offered by the Supertrike 4 . The seat , inflatable rubber tires , `` dump truck '' bed , and hand brake are identical to the higher end Kiddio trikes . The design is not as `` tank-like '' , but it looks to me that the Super Trike 4 is very strong , and actually will be a bit lighter than the higher end versions . The grey/blue/yellow color scheme is a little less vibrant.I was also happy that the push bar comes included with the price of the trike , not as a separate purchase . The bar works well . My daughter is a tall 2 1/2 year old , and in the shortest seat position -LRB- there are two -RRB- , the trike is just a bit too long , so there is plenty of room to grow . The rubber tires are smooth and quiet on my driveway , and I even pushed her around the grass . The steering is limited so the front tire ca n't rotate too much and cause a tip hazard . The trike seems very stable . Unlike the more expensive versions , the front wheel can not free wheel , so your child always has to pedal , or take their feet off the pedals.Tools are provided for assembly , which took me about 45 minutes . The directions are fairly clear . Hopefully this will save people some time
 Wow-weeee ! I am so impressed with this trike . I bought this model after reading numerous reviews of all the Kettler trikes on Amazon . I had never heard of or seen this brand before . I. . . The front wheel is 10 '' the rear wheels are 8 '' and the width of the wheels are 3 1/2 '' and 2 1/2 '' respectively . The rear wheel base is 19 1/2 '' from the outer aspects of the tires . I was a bit nervous about putting the trike together , but I found it to be easy . The ONLY tool you need is something to open the box and plastic part bags ! There are no words , no picture list for the parts , and only 7 photos to review . It took me at the most 40 minutes to put together -LRB- I was n't trying to hurry -RRB- . I think the appearance is rugged and playful-perfect for boys or non-frilly girls . The basin at the back can tip to the ground for dumping or stay clipped up behind the seat . It is plenty big to gather all sorts of items for hauling -LRB- except heavy things -RRB- . The parent bar is super ! It has 3 height adjustments and can be simply removed at its base with one hand . The remaining attachment has a plastic plug cover/smooth egdes . The child controlled brake may provide some educational as well as safety value.I chose this trike for its stability and high seatback . My 33 mo. old son has mild cerebal palsy and I wanted the utmost in stability and safety features for him . I 'm not sure how helpful the belt will be as he learned how to hook and unhook it , as well as remove the locking clip from the strap in a matter of minutes ! Nonetheless , I could n't be more impressed with this trike . The trike glides more smoothly than you could imagine and it is whisper quiet ! It is worth every single penny , no question about it ! I love how my son sits lower to the ground and that the front wheel has a limited turning radius -LRB- about 4 ' -RRB- to prevent tip overs . Thank goodness there are excellent choices beyond the classic red trike I had as a kid . By the way , I would n't recommend that to any parent , forget nostalgia ; plain and simple , it 's unsafe and uncomfortable . Buy this trike and you 'll be very pleased !
 We bought this for our 2 and a half year old because it was out on the floor of our local -LSB- store -RSB- and she just climbed onto it and started to go . I thought it was kind of expensive so I came home and checked the ratings on Amazon before I bought it . It was very easy to put together and came with all the tools you need right in the box -LRB- can you believe that ?! -RRB- It is very stable and strong , my 10 year old and 8 year old get a kick out of riding it too ! The real rubber tires are very quiet and it has a brake which at first I thought was silly . Then my 16 year old showed her how to use it by playing a `` hit the brake '' game as he pushed her with the pushbar . I think this is going to make it easier for her to learn to use the handbrake on a two wheeler which my 8 year old has had a lot of trouble with . She loves the big basket in the back and the seatbelt . She also loves the red bell and front basket that we got from Kettler . We 've had all kinds of trikes and bikes over the years , this is the best I 've ever seen . Well worth the money !
 my 3 and half year old loves this bike . I can not get him off of it . it is very durable , sturdy , and fun . It is the mercedes of tricyles . The handle is great to get him up our street with a slight incine or up the driveway and the tires are so smooth . the wheels are starting to creak a little . I think a little WD4 should fix that . just a great bike . it also had a strap so my 22 month old will be able to use it if my other child ever gets off of it .
 Bought this trike for my 18 month old daughter . At first she would not ride it , because it was not like her stroller -LRB- in her words `` not stoller '' -RRB- . After running into another kiddo cruising through the neighborhood on one , she quickly changed her mind.Now we ca n't keep her off of it ... woe is me when we go through the garage to get to the car ! There is no glue stronger than my daughter 's grip on the handlebars of this trike.She is now 26 months old , and we 've twice made the requisite adjustments to the trike -LRB- very quick and easy if you take the safety handle off and flip the trike over -RRB- . She has become very confident riding it with `` no touch the bar , daddy '' supervision ... even with the occasional two-wheeled turn while going down the neighbor 's hill . -LRB- Do n't buy the hype ... sharp turns at speed will cause this trike to overturn , just like any other trike will . -RRB- Best of all , a few spins around the block gets her tired , and with good timing , that means more time for daddy and momma to be together ; - D
 I really ca n't say enough about this trike to do it justice . It has been a hit since Christmas morning . Not a day goes by that my son is n't on it.What we love the best it the high back seat , the push bar -LRB- which is included at no extra cost -RRB- and the big fat tires . My son can cruise around our backyard which is all dirt with now problem . He loves to be able to go dirt bikin!He has tipped in it twice , once down a hill and once just going too fast around a corner . The trike seems very durable , it still looks brand new . Absolutely , the best thing we have ever got for him . He is a very large almost 3 yr old . Just to give you a better idea he is 47 pounds and 42 inch tall . He fits on this trike easily with room to grow . This trike is well worth every penny !
 we purchased this tricycle aprox . 1 year ago . my son -LRB- 4 years old -RRB- loves this bike ! when the weather is nice he constantly rides it . we even take it with us when we go to outdoor events with our son . at first we were hesitant to spend so much money on a tricycle but , we were very impressed with the floor model and our sons test ride in the store we decided to purchase it . this bike is very well made . some features i liked were
 This is just a great little trike . The combination of the smart/safe Kettler design and styling with the rubber/air tires , push bar , hand brake and the carry bin make this a great trike at this price point . The low center of gravity , big rubber tires and limited turn radius make this thing incredibly stable . Add to that the fine workmanship and smart-looking styling of this trike and it is just a fantastic little thing.With other models you could pay more and get features like pedal freewheeling , but some of the higher priced Kettler/Kiddio trikes do n't have all the features this trike has . It seemed to me before purchasing this trike that it was almost mispriced or something ! I just love the smooth and quiet ride of the rubber/air tires and this also makes pushing my 2-1/2 year old son around in it so pleasant . Just tonight we took a smooth little stroll up town and I could hear every word he said - i ca n't imagine I would say the same with plastic wheels since on pavement they just make the most annoying sound ... Someone else already said here to ` stop thinking about it and buy this trike ! ' - I took their advice and heartily second their opinion !!!
 We were looking for a bike for my younger son as he wanted to get on his elder brothers bike , so we thought he is ready for a bike and took him to toysrus there he just went and sat on this bike , and ever since we bought it home he loves it very much , he gets on the bike and asks me to take him out for ride in the evenings , this is a good sized one as my son is 2and1/2yr old is 42in and weighs around 38lbs , and as i said he is diagonised with ASD -LRB- autism spectrum disorder -RRB- so he wont stay in one place and wants to wander all around , but the belt on the bike helps him to stay in seat.The only thing i didnt get is how to use the brakes on the bike other wise its really good one though bit pricey .
 We just bought this bike for our two year-old . He was aprehensive about the pedals at first , but now he says `` wheeee '' as his feet go around and around . He 's a little short at this time , but he will grow into it . I love the handle as it is easy to push and steer . It was worth the money .
 This has been great for both our daughter and my wife and I. It 's easier on my daughter to learn to ride and we can help by pushing her with the handle and not having to bend down .
 This is my son 's sencond tricycle and his last . It 's constructed very well and it 's very easy for my son to use . The push bar is the best feature for parents . It can be adjusted to different lengths for different heights and it is very sturdy and comfortable to use .
 My daughter loves her new trike ! Santa brought her a new trike this year after having some trouble putting it together . The limited turning radius is a PLUS . It is durable and sturdy ! She 'll be able to pass it on to her little sister when the time comes due to the high quality .
 My Daughter loves this trike and so do we ! These trike are built so durable and stable its amazing . We bought a radio flyer trike for my son so they would not have the same trike but ended up taking it back to get the supertrike 4 for him also because the radio flyer was not very stable and the quality wasnt even close to the supertrike . You wont be disappointed .
 My husband and I bought this Supertrike for our son when he turned 2 . He was so close to peddling by himself , the push bar for a week was all he needed . He has gotten so many miles out of this , I just recently bought one for my neice who just turned 2 . She loves it . We have a stone driveway and the wheels make the ride a lot more bearable and it has n't worn out after a year and a half . We still have years left . It 's a bit on the pricey side , but you get what you pay for . Those plastic tire bikes , keep them . I like the all-terrain tires and so does my son and neice . I would recommend this to anyone .
 This is the best tricycle I have ever seen ! My son got it for his 3rd birthday from his Grandmom . A year later and it is still by far his favorite bike . When his cousin comes to visit they argue over who gets to ride it first because as they say `` it 's the fastest '' . He loves filling the `` dumper '' in the back with rocks and other treasures he finds outside while playing . We have taken it a local amusement park instead of a stroller . We attached the push bar so that we had control and he truly enjoyed feeling like a big boy . We have gotten many comments on it , especially because of the real rubber tires , not plastic . It is extremely durable . My husband has twice accidentally hit it with his car when my son has left it in the driveway and it has survived with hardly a scratch . If you are in the market for a tricycle I would definetly recommend this one . It costs a little more but will be worth your while . A true investment !
 This is a great buy for the price . kettler is a great company and their products are very durable . the tricycle is a bit large for my 2 year old son to ride . this tricycle is tough enough to last until my son is big enough for a 2 wheeler , and my younger son is ready for a tricycle . you ca n't beat the features like the air tires and pushbar for such a great price .
 I bought this bike for my 2-year old but he had a hard time pedaling . He could hardly reach the pedal and when he did it was too hard for him to pedal . The bike is kind of heavy , which makes it sturdy but a little hard for a little one to maneuver . The push bar is great but the steering does n't lock in place . I think this tricycle is great for a 3 or 4 year old . I think it 's a good buy for reasonable price -LRB- most Kettlers cost over $ 100 and quite frankly I do n't see the difference .
 My son got this for his 2nd birthday and he loves it . The parent push bar helps him to learn how to ride and push the peddles and it is a parent back saver . I would hightly recommend it even thought it is a bit pricey it is worth every cent .
 I was really leery about buying a little bike for my 2 1/2 year old grandson . He 's big for his age , very rough and tumble . I checked the Little tykes one but knew he 'd destroy it easily . He loves this one and it is as tough as he is . It is stable , he takes turns in it very well and it rides smoothly and easily . It was his first bike and he was off and pedaling very quickly . He takes pride in buckling his little safety strap and enjoys carting toys in the bucket in the back . Every time I see him on it , I 'm glad I bought it for him . He 's had it almost a year and it does n't look any worse for wear.An excellent first bike .
 I read a review claiming the seat was not adjustable , but I could n't believe it and tried any way . There are 4 holes to choose from to run that one bolt through on the bottom pole .
 My daughter got this as her main Christmas gift from one of her sets of grandparents and she absolutely loves it ! She says ride everytime we pass it in the garage and she just sits so straight and tall when she rides . Her tricycle is red , yellow & Blue . I love that my daughter will grow into this tricycle and that right now I can steer it using the handle which is nice , especially since both my husband and I are tall and that at this point the tricycle has a lock on the steering wheel so it says straight . She also got the small blue basket , the hand bell and the foot rest which is nice and lets me not worry about her feet getting caught in the front wheel . The seatbelt is also nice ! I ca n't wait for my daughter to get old enough so that she figures out she can load stuff into the little dump bucket in the back and that the items will be dumped out ! What an awesome tricycle ! I am really impressed and the instructions to put it together where really easy !
 Spent quite some time looking at conventional trike designs and found too many short-comings . Most were too tippy and/or could turn so sharply the handlebars hit him in the ribs or hip , pinning him in place if it went over . Saw the Jumbo Kiddio and that was that . It has been very well thought out . Ca n't really think of a thing that I do n't like about it . The high back seat is a winner . He can really `` dig in '' without sliding off the seat . The bucket on the back had him playing `` delivery man '' in minutes . All in all it 's a lotta toy for the boy , we like it .
 After reading the great reviews I purchased this trike when my daughter was maybe 20 or so months b/c it had the push bar and I thought I could just push her until she was able to ride . She is now 2 1/2 and still can not reach the pedals !!! I still have to push it and yes , the pedals do not lock and it hits her heals . It is a great little trike but not for the younger children . I am looking at buying another model simply b/c it is still going to be awhile before she can reach the pedals .
 This bike is the same as the Kettler Air Jumbo , which costs twice the price . We have the Supertrike 1 for our 3 1/2 year old daughter already , but every time we visit Toys R Us she rides this bike and loves it , so we bought it for her for Christmas . Compared to the Supertrike 1 , this bike is better in most ways except one - the seat . This seat is taller and is not adjustable . Her knees almost hit the handle bars . Luckily it is the same frame as the Supertrike 1 , so we put on the smaller shorter seat and it is now ajustable plus since it is shorter , she has tons of room under the handle bars . We ordered the shorter seat in blue for a very small price from Kettler International -LRB- off the Supertrike 2 -RRB- . Other then the seat issue , this bike rocks ! The frame is very sturdy , the frame is adjustable , and it has air tires with sealed bearings . The tires alone make it well worth the extra cost over the other Kiddio trikes . With these tires she never slips the wheels , plus she can easily go off road and up steep driveways , which she could not do with the Supertrike 1 . The good tires make the bike easier to manipulate and faster to ride . This is the one to buy from the start . Just note that is your child is taller then 42 '' , as our daughter is , with the stock high seat they will hit their knees on the handle bars and the seat is not adjustable . But you can replace it with the shorter seat since the frame is the same with the adjustable bracket for the shorter seat which will add adjustablilty and will shorten the ride to gain several inches of knee clearance under the handle bars . Most importantly our daughter loves this trike the best , and that 's all that counts to us !
 My son is 3 1/2 yrs old an loves this Trike . The trike was easy to put together . . came with all the tools needed to assemble . It took me about 45min or so . The handle bar is great for teaching him how to pedal , the dump bed is great for putting Drinks in while out on a walk , the brake is great for teaching what `` Stop '' means , it is very quite , has a smooth ride -LRB- so it seems -RRB- and it does not tip that easy . He has almost `` tipped '' twice but it never went over . I have nothing bad to say about this Trike . This is a very good purchase ... go buy this one if you are looking for a fun & safe Trike . love it , love it & love it !!!!
 This is a very nice bike and my just turned three year old daughter loves it . She 's anxious to ride it every day . The hand brake is easy to use and the rubber tires really grip the road . She loves the control she has over this bike and I love the safety strap and parental control bar . She has tipped the bike over several times , however , which surprised me considering some of the other reviews stating it as nearly tip proof . I suspect any bike will tip if the wheel is turned too quickly . Overall , I recommend this bike for its safety features and durability .
 My son , Kyle and I love this tricycle . We tried several different models that we had for one day and then returned . We had almost given up and gone to the really pricey model of kettrike when I found this one on the internet . This trike has great stability but is still easy for my two year old son to pedal . The other models we had tried were not balanced well . We have some uneven ground at our house so they were not safe for Kyle , who 's an adventurer . With the Supertrike he can follow his five year old sister off the driveway and into the yard with no problem . The supertrike has great rubber tires that are very durable . The seat belt is also a plus especially when you are assisting your toddler down a slight incline.We also love the parental push bar though your child has to be able to steer effectively with this model for it to be most useful . When not using the bar , the seat shape makes it easy for you to bend down and assist your child . The molded hand grip on the back of the seat is great.Overall , this is a super tricycle with great features offered by the pricey models but at a more reasonable price . This trike will be used for a long time at our house even by my five year old if my son gets off long enough to let her try it .
 we love this trike and have heard all wonderful reviews . the only problem is that the bar between between the pedal and the wheel leaves enough room to catch little feet ! not only our son but two of his freinds have riden this bke and also had their feet VERY painfully wedged between the wheel and pedal . we are going to return this trike because our son was afraid to ride it after he and his two best buds have gotten `` boo-boos '' from it . if your child does not have this same problem , it is the great trike everyone has written such wonderful reviews about !
 My daughter loves this bike . Although at 20 mths she ca n't quite pettle , she is able to maneuver it easily . It 's great for parents to push with the bar that is included and it moves so easy with it . The strap is a plus to keep your child from falling out . The steel frame and wheels are very durable . We are really pleased with this purchase . This bike is also adjustable to grow with your child so you can use it for a few years .
 I bought this trike for my son when he was 1 1/2 . We loved the handle so we could push him on it until he learned to pedal . Once he got to that point , he rode it all the time . He is now 3 1/2 and still rides it even though he has a bigger bike . Wherever we go with this trike , it is a hit with all the kids . Everyone wants to ride it !! Durable and worth the money . I would highly recommend this over the classic red trike any day .
 There have n't been many times in my life that I have been truly impressed with the quality of a consumer product , but this little bike has made it to my all time top 5 list . As a product designer myself I am very critical in general of all the things I buy but I can not find one thing about this tricycle that I did n't like . The assembly instructions are very clear , the tools supplied are good quality -LRB- you will need a screwdriver of your own -RRB- and the parts are well packaged . Assembly is very easy and the frame can be adjusted to suit children with longer or shorter legs . It 's a nice touch that the toy can be adjusted to suit a growing child as you know that this bike will last a long time . The tires are long lasting air filled ones -LRB- like little wheelbarrow wheels -RRB- rather than those hard plastic ones I saw on other bikes -LRB- that probably would scratch a wooden floor -RRB- . It comes with an adjustable length handle that you can snap into the back of the bike so that if you go outside with the child you can push them around without having to bend over all the time . The safety belt is probably fitted to the trike as a regulation and for the most part people probably wont use it but it is a strong belt securely fastened to the seat and difficult for a small child to unbuckle on their own . The tipping bucket on the rear of the trike is a nice touch and will allow your little one to ferry his or her smaller toys around wherever they go.Lastly I 'd like to mention the price . If I had seen this tricycle in a retail store I would have been happy to pay twice what I paid for it on Amazon.I will look to this manufacturer first as a source of other indoor/outdoor toys because this product impressed me so much
 This is the third trike purchase for our family - our six year old son never really got excited about riding a bike , because of his frustrations . We decided to ditch the other two trikes and try this one for our 2 1/2 year old daughter , and we were very glad we did ! She loves it ! She is on the smallest setting , so we have room to grow , and she is very successful with the peddling , so she enjoys the experience . She is learning to coordinate peddling and steering at the same time , but the parent bar is handy for those necessary last minute saves from crashing into parked cars , etc. . I know she will enjoy this for several years , and more importantly , she is having a positive and successful bike riding experience ! I highly recommend this trike .
 We shopped Radio Flyer brand , Kettrike & Kiddio - For the price we really felt theat this trike was the best . The radio Flyer trikes felt very flimsy -LRB- see other reviews -RRB- & Kettrike was too expensive . I have a day care & all my kids love to ride this one - even the big kids . It is very sturdy.It has a brake handle & the tires are very quiet & smooth riding . The seat is adjustable . The only feature I wish this trike had was Freewheel but we are going to try a footrest & see how it works out .
 I 'm not calling anyone a liar or anything but I have this trike and it is next to freaking impossible to `` get your foot stuck between the pedal and the wheel '' . Also you have to be an idiot to not be able to put this thing together . The trike ships in basically four pieces . With a ratchet you can put it together in 15 minutes no problem . Best value of all the Kettler trikes . Inflatable tires a huge difference . If you need the coaster wheel pay double to get a `` real '' Kettler model . Other than that this one is close to perfect
 A few years back I had purchased for my niece and my newphew each a Power Wheel ride-on . And while those ride-ons are still running this very day , I decided to get for my 3-year old son a John Deere Gator this past week.What can I say . He loves riding it ! The bed in the back is more than cool . He loads whatever he can find into the bed as he drives around the park . And the traction was good on grass and sand . Even though I bought an extra battery just in case , my son and his cousins were riding it on and off for over 5 hours and the first battery was still going . That 's longer than I had anticipated.So far the Gator has taken more abuse from the kids because of its rugged nature , and it still keeps on ticking .
 This is the best toy that we have ever purchased for our 5 year old son . It will RIDE ON GRASS and on the ROAD . Very DURABLE . Some of his friends have riding toys - and they do not compare to this one . Kids are always wanting to ride his gator.The reason I picked it was for the DUMPING BED in the back . This feature adds additional play . He loves to haul stuff in it . He helps his dad in the yard w/it too.We have had it for two years and it is still his favorite outside toy.He rides it every day.He puts his little friends in the back and one in the seat beside him and off they go.Everyone on our street think that it is so neat b.c the other kids ride at the same time . I am going to purchase the trailer -LRB- from toysrus -RRB- to go behind it . He will have double the fun with the trailer hitched on the back . Keep it covered and wash it-it will last a long time . I wash his and it still looks new . If you plan on buying a riding toy , this is the one for you . You will not regret it . GOOD PRICE TOO . I purchased a see n speak interactive talking road sign for him . It is a pretend working traffic light . Great addition to any riding toy . They have it here at toysrus and jcpenney .
 We bought this Gator for my son when he was 3 -LRB- he is now 6 1/2 -RRB- . . He absolutely loved it and rode it everyday for almost two years . . he had a younger brother who began driving it at age 2 . . around and around in circles . . The then two year old and his now two year old sister STILL drive it and love it ... I ca n't say enough good things about it ... We feel we could never find another product as good as this one . . the warranty is also fantastic . . they sent us new tires -LRB- since my kids drove it sooo much -RRB- several times within the first year for free as well as a windshield that my kids cracked . Right before our warranty was up , we were also able to buy a battery for a significantly reduced price from Peg Perego ... take advantage of your warranty the first year . . they definitely stand behind the product and we LOVE it ...
 I bought this Gator because it has two seats and a small cargo bed area . I have three sons under the age of four and I can , against Manufacturers recommendations let all three ride at once . I did modify it so the dump bed will not dump unless a bolt is removed and the tail gate will not open unless two screws are removed . So far I have had it two weeks and I am very impressed with the durability . My oldest is four and drives it very well , my two year old son can drive also , as long as he has an open area to wonder in . We have taken this for a walk with us . First gear alows for a slow easy walk . Second gear is a very brisk walk of a slow jog . We walked for about 2 1/2 miles with about 90lbs of little boys riding and the battery showed no signs of giving out . It helps gain hand eye coordination and my son is more confident since he drives a truck just like his mom and dad . I am very impressed and would buy this again with no hesitation .
 I bought the Gator Online after searching for a ride-on that would have the power for two young boys to ride together . I have been very pleased with this product . I have not had any of the problems others have reported despite almost daily use.My 3 year old quickly learned how to control the vehicle and has not stopped enjoying it since -LRB- he is 4-1/2 now -RRB- . My 1-1/2 year old also loves to ride -LRB- as a passenger -RRB- both in the front passenger seat and in the back bed and has NEVER fallen out . It even has handled carring three young kids -LRB- two up front and one in back -RRB- arround the property without bogging down from lack of power . Only uneven ground -LRB- holes -RRB- seem to stop it.Recharging the battery is not that bad , just take one screw loose and open the grill and the battery slides right out . I feel this is a good thing considering the rough/bumpy terrian that this truck can handle -LRB- no worry about it `` popping open `` I bought a second battery -LRB- easily found online -RRB- to keep the fun going while I recharge the first one and both are still going strong . * Always run a lead/acid battery down low before recharging and it will perform well for you.It would seem many of the complaints involved `` Toys-R-Us '' models , so maybe avoid the ones they carry . But I am VERY pleased with Peg Perego and the Gator Ride-on .
 A night does not go by that our 4 year old has not asked to ride his gator . He absolutely loves it . We liked the fact that it was a relatively gender neutral toy . For the price we are hopeing that our son 's younger sister and brother will also be able to use it . He fills the dump bed and delivers the items all over the yard . I really like watching him figure out how to get out of situations . The only complaint I have is that it does not have seat belts . I think we will try to rig something up to keep his 2 year old sister safe while being the passenger . I think it is well worth the money .
 We gave the Gator to our 2 & 3 year old sons for Christmas and it has been a tremendous hit . Their 9 year old sister has even been trying to hog it . We read concerns about the Gator not having seat belts but I must say that with the handle it really has n't been a problem . They love helping in the yard by putting bags of leaves and such in the back and dumping them for pick up . It actually has been a way to include the two boys into yard work activities.And on a bad note turned good . The reverse stopped working about a month after purchase . We wrote a quick e-mail to Peg Perego explaining our problem . The next day we had a response indicating it was probably a simple switch replacement and that a switch was in the mail . I was to contact them when it arrived if I still had problems . The switch arrived promptly and was installed in less than 10 minutes using only a screwdriver . All worked well . If more companies used such common sense approaches to their merchandise/repairs parents lives would be much simpler.My wife and I recommend this toy highly especially if you live in a rural setting or have a good size yard .
 On the surface this toy looks like it would beat power wheels hands down . That 's why we bought one . Yet the reality is that on the second use the charger broke . It now smells lkike our house would burn down should we leave it plugged in.To make matters worse the customer support is non-existant . While the power wheels we have had for three years has given us zero issues . Next time power wheels .
 I bought the John Deere Gator for my son about 7 months ago for his third birthday . He absolutely loves it . He rides everywhere on it and have never gotten tired of it . It has much more power and traction than I had anticipated . The only thing that I have a problem with is charging the battery after every use , no matter how long he has ridden it , it 's a bit of a hassel . Also , after only 7 months the reverse went out and it would only go forward . I called Peg Perego and they gladly sent out a new gear shifter box immediately . But what is going to happen in 5 months when the warranty is up and it happens again ? I will be out $ 300.00 . I guess , like others have mentioned , I better stock up on some of the parts that typically go out in this toy . I would say that if the Gator had better quality parts in it to begin with , it was worth every penny . Over all , for my son 's sake , I 'm happy with the purchase .
 I purchased this toy for my 2 year old grandson . It was a real hit . The Gator has taught him to drive very well . He did start off with the lock out on the high gear , but within a 2 week period he was ready for the faster speeds . I was really impressed with the ride time on one charge of the battery . usually around 3 hours . We did buy an extra battery and usually have one charged all the time . I have found the gator to be very well made , and tough . We have had a little problem with the wheels not wanting to grab , but the duct tape solution worked for us . My little guy really gives it a work out . Some of our neighbors bought the 6 volt models by other manufacturers and their 's are trashed by now . I have just ordered the Silver Gaucho for his Christmas present this year . I am sure he will love it too . This toy is a winner !
 I bought 2 of these units for my twins 4th b-day and they really love them . The only problem I have with the toy are the front wheels wear out prematurely and I have replaced 2 gear boxes . The product engineers did a bad job designing the gear boxes with plastic gears . The front wheels lasted about 2 months . When I contacted the company with these problems , they were very responsive in sending out replacement parts . Both the wheels and gear boxes were very easy to replace ... you would expect better wear performance . Anyway , my kids will ride them all day and it keeps them occupied for a long time .
 I tried to get to this for my 2.5 yr old for christmas alas , they were sold out here on Amazon and I was not going to succmb to the -LSB- website retailer -RSB- thieves . I did get it in Jan and took it out in the snow and my son loved it ! . It is now April and it is showing it 's battle scars . I enjoy the features of the two seats hoping my 8 month old will get a chance to ride in it . Not likely , since my 2.5 yr old is driving the beans out of it . The battery life is low at high speeds , but I bought a spare in preparation for that and the traction is not good on grass with a slight incline . The instructions were good but I assembled it in the basement and could not get it up the stairs . So do the assembly in the garage speaking of garages , the John Deere is so large that I had to provide space in the garage next to the other car ... He enjoys it and that is worth it !
 We bought the Gator for our 2 1/2 year old , and I have to admit that I was hestitant to get a ride-on toy at this age . My husband has had his own JD Gator for several years , and when he saw this toddler size Gator , he knew our son had to have one!Our son loves his `` John Deere . '' He puts dirt in the back and picks up sticks with his Daddy and loves to dump the bed . We installed velcro seat belts and also bought a helmet for him . Having to hold the lever down to go in reverse is a bit awkward but certainly teaches toddlers coordination .
 If you are gon na buy it buy it from a john deere dealer they can get the parts for you and it will be under warranty for one year .
 The battery compartment design is terrible . The door pulls open from the front and hangs down . All it takes is one 4 year old tugging on the front grill and the tabs that hold the battery door shut are broken off the body . The manufacturer will NOT fix or replace the toy when this happens . If you want a $ 300 toy that lasts for more than 3 weeks , buy something else .
 After two weeks of use , the gear box had to be replaced . Two days later , it needed a new forward/reverse switch . Customer service at the company was excellent ... if you actually could get a hold of someone . I could n't get through on the 800 number . It never connected . I ended up making a long distance call and being placed on hold for at least 15 minutes each time . I did receive the new gearbox within 4 days . The placement of the battery makes it a pain to charge . The battery connector is a real pain too ! I ended up returning the product to -LSB- the local store -RSB- . My son was heartbroken ! My neighbor also has one of their ride on toys and has nothing but problems too ! We previously had a Fisher Price Power Wheels Pick-up that was much more durable . Our son actually wore the thing out after three years of constant use ! We ended up getting him another Power Wheels product !
 Lots of fun ... Durable and the 12V system is good
 My son and his friends love this toy . They take turns driving it all around the court and hauling stuff in the back . It rides well in the grass and on the pavement . We have had no problem with traction . Fyi traction bands will ruin your gears . The battery lasts a long time on a single charge . We bought ours used and had to fix it , but is was very easy to do with the help of Peg Perego customer service . They shipped out the new part with instructions very quickley and it only cost $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . They have the best customer service department ; they were very helpful and nice . Power Wheels will not let you repair your own vehicle , and it is expensive to bring them in to have them fixed .
 We purchased this Gator for my son 's 3rd Birthday and I have to say it is his favorite thing to do ! He will ride it all day when we are home and when we are not and as soon as we pull in the driveway he asks to ride his `` tractor '' . On the first day he knew how to work the gear gift and steering was never a problem for him to go in the direction he wanted . He loads gravel rocks and dumps them only to reload . We have not had any problems or defects as some others have reported . I do recommend the full initial charge as instructed and charging after every use . I highly recommend this product and would buy it all over again . YOU GOT TA GET THE GATOR !
 I bought this for my kids in December 2003 . They love it , my 3 year old daughter drives it all over the yard , down the street and in the garage . She puts all her outside yard toys in the back pulls her Gator out in the yard and then plays with her toys and drives her Gator all over . Its her favorite as she has a power wheels Quad and a Cat tractor . Ive heard of other people having problems with them but Knock on wood we have no problems with the Gator just with everything else we own HA-HA . She has learned how to steer and drive great with this toy . She helps us with yard work and puts dirt or mulch in the back drives it where we need it empties it and rakes the dirt or mulch in the garden bed . Not only fun but it taught her to help in the yard . Its a real great toy and fun to ride I wish they had these when I was younger . Buy it they 'll have so much fun.OCTOBER 9 , 2004 IT FINALLY BROKE , DRIVERS SIDE REAR TIRE DOESNT SPIN , STILL DRIVES BUT MAKING A GRINDING NOISE . -LRB- ... -RRB- MY KIDS WERE SO UPSET THAT WE HAD TO TAKE IT AWAY B/C IT BROKE . -LRB- ... -RRB- Called the company and even though it was out of warranty they sent me replacement parts for free .
 My kids really like the gator and I think it is a great toy and lots of fun for ages 3 to 6 . I am not happy at all with the durability . We got it for Christmas and only started using it when it got warmer . The gears are grinding badly and I have no idea how to get it fixed or serviced . Probably that last product from Peg Perego if we ca n't get it fixed . There is no information on how to repair the product on the Peg Perego web site . Give me something to go on ... . It 's a lot of money for 4 months .
 My child loves the Gator . It is her and her little buddies -LRB- both are between 2 and 3 years old -RRB- favorite thing to do . The only problem is that the pieces have vibrated out of place . For instance , the pin/screw that held the steering wheel in place fell off and a few other screws from the bed have come out . We now check it regularly to be sure that things are tightened . The sissy bar handle broke off recently in my 2 1/2 year olds hand while she was riding . That is the only major problem we have had . I 'm not sure where I can get a replacement sissy bar but would be very interested in finding one .
 Nan Nan and Pap Pap bought this for our 3 year old for Christmas . He Loves it . Within 5 minutes of riding it , I had to take out the high gear lockout because he wanted to go faster . The only problem is the weather is too cold for him to ride more . It 's very simple to put together , although the stickers take a long time . If you buy one , as other peoples reviews have said , bring a truck , SUV , or trailer to pick it up . It 's big . Also , make sure you have a big area to ride it . Although it 's hard to rate the durability of it because he 's only riden it a couple of days , it looks as if it 'll be pretty sturdy . Again , it 's big . As far as the seat belt thing goes , my son would n't use it if it had one , and even if it did , they are usually pretty cheesy and do n't help much anyhow . With something like this , there should be parental supervision anyhow . Hope you enjoy it if you buy it . I know your kids will .
 I am amazed how far this vehicle goes on one battery charge . We have taken several walks that are 3 to 4 miles , and the Peg Gator keeps running.Excellent
 We looked at several different vehicles before we settled on this one for our 3.5 year old son . I am so glad we got the Gator ! It goes well on the grass of our sloped yard although it will spin going straight up steep parts . On gravel it goes well on level ground but not on slopes . Our son has taken our neighbor 's grandaughter for a ride and the gator pulled both of them with no problem and she 's a year older than him . My 8 year old nephew rode in it also but even though it went well , I think 8 is too old . This is the best ride-on toy you can buy right now .
 The John Deere Gator Ride on is extremely durable . It can hold more weight if the vehicle is driven on pavement vs grass . I sit ontop of the seat -LRB- not in the seat of course because I am too big -RRB- while my son sits in the passenger seat and we drive around on the sidewalk in the neighborhood as people stare at us in amazement that I too -LRB- 110lb adult -RRB- am driving the vehicle as my son sits in the passenger seat with two pomeranians sitting behind us . BEWARE , the vehicle moves faster on pavement than it does on the grass , dirt and gravel . If your child is a beginner with driving motorized vehicles be sure to place the gear in one so the vehicle is at the slowest speed possible . I love the fact that as soon as you take your feet of the pedal it stops immediatly . Great safety precaution . I recieve lots of compliments on the vehicle and all the kids are begging their parents for one . The passenger must hold onto the yellow handle located in the front . If the driver crashes into a tree at 5mph your child could fall out or get injured .
 This toy is fun and seems to be durable , although it is new to me . And my son does love it . But it has one major problem - it is unsafe . It was the only ride-on we looked at that did n't have a seat belt . It almost kept us from buying it and I wish it had . My three year old ran into the curb yesterday and nearly flew out of it ! He did in fact bust his lip . He has also hit his head one other time that I know of . Also , he has only had two passengers and both times the other kid fell out when he made a quick turn . -LRB- ... -RRB- If it had a seat belt it would be the best toy we have ever bought . We have had it a month and he rides it everyday !
 My 4 year old daughter has had her eye on this tractor when it first came out . We decided to wait a few months before purchasing it just in case she changed her mind . Well she still wanted this gator and she got it . The assembly was quite easy and not to many stickers . This is a rugged vehichle and I think she will enjoy it for a long time . The down side to it is the rear tires spin in the grass , needs more traction of some kind . You would think something this big would be able to go in grass without slipping.We have to put something heavy in the bed to weigh it down , that is what a peg perego customer service rep. suggested to do.The battery is a pain to get to , especially if you charge the battery like the directions say to . Not in the greatest location . Over all my daughter loves her new gator .
 To quote my three year old son `` I 'm happy , happy , happy to have my Gator ! '' which he received for his birthday this summer . This is the best ride on toy I have ever seen ! My daughter has had a Barbie Jeep for 3 years and now she and my son are taking turns on the Gator because it is so much fun . The Gator is more powerful , functional , and just so adorable . My recommendation ... buy one !
 This is by far my three year old son 's favorite toy . He received it in Dec 2003 for his birthday and has ridden it nearly every day since.I was a bit concerned about the battery based on reviews , but we have never had any trouble . Generally we follow the mfg instructions on charging and use , but there have been times when it has not happened as it should and yet the battery continues to perform perfectly.The first week or two I thought I had spent a lot of money on a new excercise program for myself . Then he got the knack for driving and I no longer had to `` help '' steer to avoid accidents.We used it for the first four months on a 50 acre property and it preformed exceptionally ! The traction was great on grass , dirt trails , pavement , and hills . Now we have it on only two acres which I thought might impact my sons enjoyment , but he still loves it.It is my favorite toy and I love it because it is a great help with yard work . My son can use it to move things and actually be a big , back-saving help to me while he has fun!The only flaw I have found is that the tailgate is not as well put together as I would like . It is difficult for a 3-4 year old to open it properly and when they pull on it , it is moderately easy to break.We have not owned a PowerWheels but , my son has driven them at friends houses and the Gator is far superior ! On their flat yards I have to help it along - while the Gator covers all terrains and small hills without aid . We are very pleased with this purchase .
 My parents bought the Gator for my boys when they were 2 and a 1/2 and 1 and a 1/2 . It has been the best thing ever . No matter what the weather is , cold , warm , or raining . They want to be in it everyday . And they pretty much are . After 6 months of hard riding the tires collapsed and the battery did n't hold a charge . But , I am sure that is to be expected from two little boys who thought they were the kings of the road !!! To save your tires I highly suggest that you get the ultragrip bands . We will definitely invest in those this time around !!!
 We purchased this ride-on for our son when he was a little over 2 years old . He 's now 4 1/2 and still LOVES it !! We loved that there was n't a hump to step over as he tried to climb in . There 's ample room inside for 2 kids , whereas the other trucks and Jeeps seemed cramped . We 've moved the seat back as he 's gotten taller and he 's still got plenty of room to grow . The dump bed is an excellent feature that we liked over the Jeep as well ... the Gator can haul people and their stuff . Our daughter is now 15 months and her big brother takes her for rides all the time.I read in a previous review that they felt the battery compartment is difficult to get to , but I have to disagree ... we 've been charging the battery in ours for over two years now and I do n't remove the battery at all ... simply pop open the front and the plug is right there . I 've broken a fingernail or two trying to pop open the front , but that 's about it . And we 've never had any trouble keeping the battery charged ... runs great !!! The quality of our Gator is outstanding ... we 've never replaced anything on it ... the tires still look great and it 's primarily ridden on concrete or blacktop -LRB- bumped some rocks , trees , and mailbox posts along the way and kept right on movin ' -RRB- . We look forward to many years ahead as our daughter grows into riding it . The way I see it , we spent $ 299 on a ride-on that will last us at least 8 years or more ... money well spent !!! The only concern we had was traction . As with most ride-ons , on wet grass or the curb trying to get into the driveway , there 's a tendency to get stuck and spin . Fortunately for the Gator there is room for weight in the back . My husband simply put a box of catalogs in the back and we 're good to go.We 've been so pleased with the performance of this Peg Perego product that we 're considering the Polaris ride-on for our son for his next birthday !
 Working for Toys R Us ; I noticed the Peg Perego Gator and immediately loved the colorful John Deer design ! As soon as the weather warmed in our area ; I purchased this toy for my son -LRB- 5 -RRB- and daughter -LRB- 3 -RRB- . I must admit , it LOOKS nice and WHEN IT RAN ... the kids had a great time . The first battery that came with the toy wouldnt hold a charge beyond 20 minutes . Very frustrating . I called Peg Perego and had to fax a copy of our receipt and then wait a week for a replacement on the battery . During the time that this replacement battery was functional ... -LRB- 2 weeks ? -RRB- ... A tab on the body sheared off . This is one of two tabs located on either side of the body beside the front grill of the vehicle . The battery slides in behind the front grill and then a heavy rod is slid in front of the battery to hold the battery in . You then snap the grill cover back over the battery . The two tabs that stick out on either side of the main body snap into the holes on either side of the grill . There is a screw in the middle of the grill cover that you can put in everytime you put the battery in to hold the grill on as well ... BUT ; as long as you have the two functioning tabs ... this can become mundane ... screwing in and unscrewing a screw every time you need to charge the battery ... -LRB- as the rod holds the battery in very tight ; we never used the screw -RRB- . When the tab sheared off ... and as I had only owned the vehicle three weeks ... -LRB- with the one week lost of running time waiting for the replacement battery -RRB- ... I phoned the company and asked if I could please return the vehicle for a new one . No . They didnt see the NEED FOR IT . As long as I still could screw the grill shut ... who cared if one of the grill sides was flapping loose . ??? customer service ??? This is a -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- dollar toy ! Not to worry though ... about a week or so after that ; the second battery COMPLETELY DIED . Didnt hold a charge at all ... and as luck would have it ; it occured on Memorial Day weekend ... so the kids werent riding AGAIN ! The first battery could still hold the 20 minute charge ... so I knew it wasnt the charger . Forgetting Peg Perego ... and GLAD TO DO IT ... I took the vehicle back to Toys R Us . . where I always get excellent service ... and BOUGHT A POWER WHEEL . Still shy of the limited ride time with the Peg Perego batteries ; I bought a back-up battery right from the start . Its nice to have ... BUT ... frankly ... the run time with the Power Wheels Jeep Wrangler / battery ... is phenomenal ! My kids literally ride this most of the afternoon and early evening on and off ... about 8 hours a day ... and then that battery goes on the charger and they use ` battery B ' the next day . One battery would have been all I would have needed . Im happy ... and so are they ! I wont buy from Peg Perego in the future .
 I 've read several bad reviews on the John Deere Gator & the battery.I will have to say we have no complaints . We purchased one last August 2002 for our Son 's 4th birthday and he loves it . The battery does have to be charged often but that is after a good 4-5 hours use . We still have the original battery.We are going to purchase an extra to have on hand .
 Although this is a really neat toy and my grandkids love it , before you buy it know that you will probably have to replace the 12V battery frequently ... . It 's not coincidental that the most frequently purchased item listed on this site for this John Deere Gator Ride On is the 12 Volt Rechargeable battery . The story I got after the battery was shot with less than 4 hours time on it is you have to charge the battery every 30 days whether you use the toy or not . Otherwise , the battery loses cells and will not take a charge . This was n't clear when I bought it . Although I charged it before storing over the winter -LRB- like it says on the actual battery -RRB- , it was shot this spring when we went to charge it again . So , I now have a year old -LSB- expendisve -RSB- lawn ornament or toddler chair unless I want to spend the -LSB- money -RSB- for a new battery . ...
 I bought the gator at -LSB- local store -RSB- a couple of weeks ago . It came in a very large box . This is not something you are going to throw in your trunk . If you have an SUV or minivan you will need to take the back seat out . I have a Jeep and tied it to the roof . You can have the store assemble it but it is still BIG . The only hard part abot the assembly are the stickers . Just be patient and take your time putting them on . Be sure to charge the battery for a full 18 hours and then after each use . The Gator is pretty fast in second gear . I left the little safety lock in place preventing it from going into second gear until my son gets use to it . The biggest problem I noticed right away was traction . It spun constantly ! This would not be an issue on a nice flat surface . If it is on an incline forget about it . It even slides to a stop . I fixed this problem some what by putting sheet metal screws in the plastic tires . I pre-drilled the holes , put some adhesive cement/glue on the screws and screwed them into place . It has really helped .
 My two year old son loves the Gator `` Caus '' brought him -LRB- Santa -RRB- . We have some small hills that made me worry I 'd have to chase him to give the Gator the occasional boost , but a little weight in the bed wrapped up that issue . He 's still mastering the steering aspect , but as the weather warms and he spends more time with it , I 'm confident he 'll get a handle on it . I did n't realize it until coming home from work the other day but he 's taking his Gator key out of it 's `` ignition '' and putting it in the same kitchen drawer where I put my car keys at the end of the day . When I came home , there it was in the drawer . I did n't even realize he understood I put my keys there ! He loves to feel he 's helping me -- he puts sticks and what-not in the bed and carts it to the compost pile , what a riot . For an Easter egg hunt down by the pool in our development recently , my wife noticed another little boy pulling up in his Power Wheels truck -LRB- Dad in close supervision -RRB- -- ca n't wait til pool season this year , the Gator will be the talk of the wading pool ! It 's a two seater so no doubt he 'll take a babe or two out for a ride.Color us happy John Deere Gator owners .
 My son got this when he was about 2 years old , he already had several power wheels and other ride on toys , including the power wheels catepillar and the Ford truck , as well as the Lil ' Quad . As far as we are concerned Peg Perego is THE ONLY WAY TO GO !!! Very high quality stuff here - druable , strong , ride for hours on one charge ! My son loves the extra room in the bed to haul stuff and the ease of getting in and out is a big plus for little kids with short attention spans . After the gator he got the power wheels eliminator but he always prefers the gator ! He is close to 3 now and rides his little sister who is just 1 around in it - she is able to hold on to the passenger side handle just fine and has never fallen out . These are just made so much better than the power wheels stuff . For his birthday this year we are buying another Peg Perego - amazing how well built these are , very strong - not at all like the flimsy plastic of the power wheels stuff . We bought extra batteries for this - on Holidays my son loves to ride the other kids around in it and they ride all day and need that extra battery for that - but that is hauling 2 - 2 1/2 year olds and a 4 or 5 year old riding in the bed - and over rough terrain . We bought a power wheels jeep last fall , one of the smaller ones and ended up taking it back - the thing would n't even drive on the grass in the level part of the yard ! We definitely learned our lesson ! The extra money is definitly worth it - all the kids love the gator !! PEG PEREGO IS THE ONLY WAY TO GO !!
 I bought this for my 5 year old in March . After reading all the reviews i figured i was either going to get a lemon or not and i did not . This thing has been run into fences , swingsets , gas meters , the house , sand boxes , trees you name it my kids have pretty much ran into it and im not just talking head on either they have run into poles with the axle and nothing has gone wrong . The battery lasts atleast an hour and a half with around 100 lbs . -LRB- 3 kids -RRB- in it that is riding on a so so slope . My son weights around 40 lbs . and started having problems getting started on a hill because he doesnt have enough weight in the back but figured that if he put it on fast he can get going . The one thing i didnt like was peg perego 's website makes it look like the seat slides but you have to take some bolts off to move it , also the instructions is like everyone says took me little over an hour to put together i think the reason is mostly because they are only pictures no words . The fact that this can hold up to 130 lbs . is amazing my children will be able to use this for years . My daughter -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- is starting to drive this now instead of her little 4 wheeler . We have been thinking of getting something else from peg perego for her . Cant really think of anything else im sure im forgetting stuff but i hope this helps with your decision . I never had to contact customer support but from the sounds of it from other reviewers they seem pretty good .
 My husband had promised my 4yr . old daughter a Hot Wheels truck , but as luck would have it no one had 1 in stock . I called toy r us and they told me what they had in stock . I checked reviews on the web and ended up buying the Gater . I ca n't say enough for this vehicle . I was not hard to put together , if you follow directions and let the battery charge for at least 18 hours the first time it will hold charge for what seems to be forever . We live in the country and my daughter rides her Gater everywhere . She even drove it in a parade . We have found that the Gater has so much power that you sometimes need to add a little weight in the bed if she decided to take off wide open . Absolutely the BEST MONEY I EVER SPENT !!!!!!!!!!!
 I put off buying this orginally because of negative reviews on this website but after the boys tried it out at a friend 's house they had to have it . Yes I agree it could be more durable , the dump bed latch broke immediately , but do kids really care about things like that ? NO ! They LOVE this thing and it flies ! I ca n't believe how fast this thing goes compared to the Power Wheels jeep . They call this one the `` faster jeep '' . They have run it into the swing set , trees , the deck and each other and the only thing that has broken is the dump bed so really I should n't even complain about that . The battery lasts all day if we remember to charge it overnight . If you are considering this toy , BUY IT !
 I have one of the earlier reviews of this product and I wanted to update . After 4 years , we have `` handed-down '' the Gator to our 3 year old . Our 7 year old still wants to ride , but he 's just too tall to fit . After 4 years of heavy use , stored out-side in the weather , about as bad as it could be , it does show some scars , but it 's the greatest toy I have ever purchased for my 3 boys.After 4 years , I did have to replace the battery and the major components , gears , drive shifters for about $ 50 . Took me an afternoon to figure out how to get into the thing , and I had to make a couple of homemade patches when I broke some of the plastic parts , but I 'm not a patient fix-it guy anyway.But after the abuse my guys have put it through , it 's worth its weight in gold to us.We recently decorated it and used it in our towns Christmas parade , and it made the 2 1/2 mile parade with 2 boys without a hitch.I 'm sure others have had problems , but I 'd buy another one in a minute.If they made a larger model for my 7 year old ... I 'd buy it .
 My 3 year old daughter absolutely loves her gator we have never had any problems with it now my newphew has one and has had problems with the gears and the battery that came with it doesnt charge at all but i just assumed they got a lemon gator . my younger daughter will be 3 next summer and i will definatly go out and buy one for her too
 We bought this gator for my 3 1/2 yr old last April . He LOVES riding it all over the yard and it really looks cool ! But from the first , the horn did n't work . After installing batteries , it made a funny noise a couple times , then died . Not a biggie , but not even a month later , the back gears were making noises and were being stripped out . If you started too fast it would just spin the gears -LRB- not the tires -RRB- , and not go anywhere . Called and they sent new gears . Then , before even receiving the pkg. , the shifter would n't go into reverse ... Called , they sent a new one . Now , about 5 months later , both the gears and the shifter are going out again . Called , they 're sending new gears and said that the spring gets caught , and we should unscrew it and see if that works . I thought maybe we just got a lemon , but apparently not from reading the reviews . Our warranty runs out in April . It looks like we should stock up on parts if we want to use it in the future ... They also said that you should n't carry any sand in it , which we have done twice-it leaks through and wears out the gears . The battery compartment tabs broke easily , and to charge it , it has to be unscrewed . My son absolutely loves riding it ... but it is made lousy !!
 I am a single mother of a five year old boy . For my son 's forth birthday I managed to save up enough money for his `` dream toy '' . My son is on this vehicle EVERY DAY !! -LRB- He rides the Gator in the basement during winter !! -RRB- . Well , after a year of `` lovingly abuse '' ... all four tires were cracked and had holes in them . Trust me ... the product is durable , BUT , remember my son is on this vehicle EVERY DAY!I called the number in Ontario ... extremly friendly and very pleasant to deal with !! Within a week of faxing my receipt , we received the tires ! -LRB- No charge ! -RRB- Two weeks after I changed the tires -LRB- which made me a `` hero '' in the eyes of my son -RRB- , both gear boxes were stripped . All I had to do was call the customer service number again , and with no hesiation , Peg-Perego said that the new parts would be delivered shortly!I just wanted to send a special thank you to Peg-Perego , and to Ontario . What a relief it was to find out that I would not have to take out of our already `` tight '' budget ! Again , a heartfilled thank you to the people responsible for the wonderful customer service my son and I received.Sincerely , Shawna and Gage
 I have two daughters who recieved their gator for Christmas . And they love it . I like it because of it 's durability , it 's made of a heavier plastic than the other national brands and I feel that it will last through both of girls . It 's an investment . It has a lot of nice features including an adjustable seat and dumping trailer . I think your children would enjoy it as much as mine have . Children ages 5 and 1 .
 My son has n't gotten to ride his Gator yet . Tomorrow is the big day and I 'm certain he will love it.Assembly is straightforward , just leave yourself a couple of hours and take your time . There are pictorial and text instructions , and although you can not get by using just use one or the other , they are in separate sections , so you have to keep flipping back and forth during assembly . Also , there are some instructions that seemed randomly thrown in , i.e. `` apply sticker X now '' between two other unrelated assembly steps . In my opinion the only sticker that needs to be applied during parts assembly is the one behind the grille.There are two fenders that go over the rear wheels , and each one snaps on with two snaps . The bed that came with my Gator was defective , and one snap would give way under trivial amounts of pressure . So , I called my Toys-R-Us and asked if they wanted the whole thing back or would they just exchange the bed . They said `` just the bed '' . Well , I get there and find out they do n't have any left , but they refer me to the next closest store . At THAT store , the woman at the `` Customer Service '' counter told me they would n't exchange a part , it had to be the entire product . Of course that is just plain silly ; I could buy one there , swap what I need , and return it 10 minutes later , or they could just give me what I need to begin with . In the end that 's what happened once I got to talk to another , more reasonable employee.The steering wheel is made of two pieces that press together and do n't fit well , in some places touching and in others leaving a gap about 1/8 '' wide . I was going to exchange that too , but the one I would have gotten in exchange was even worse ! I kept my original and used Barge Cement all around the inner and outer rims and the eight press joints . I used rings of masking tape to hold it tightly together while it dried . The results were fantastic!One other comment . This Gator has a nice dash pocket and a ton of room under the plastic hood to mount any customizations , such as a stereo . It practically begs for customization !
 We bought my son this gator for his 4th birthday thinking how nice it would be for him and he could even help us out seeing it had the dump in the back . . Well we had toysrus put it togetor for us and charge the battery and my son was soo very happy on his birthday . The problem was within 1 month he had the gears ripped out as my husband put it so I took it back to toysrus and they gave me a brand new one and they even assemble it for us by the time we got it it was late august so he hadnt drove it for that much longer seeing that summer was nasty , anyway last summer the gears went again I couldnt take it back because toysrus wouldnt let me we have looked all over to purchase the assembly so we could put the new gears in -LRB- ... -RRB- I would not recomend this at all we are very disappointed !!!!!!!!
 My 4 year old son loves to drive the Gator . It has proven to be durable and we 've had no problems with the battery . There are times that he will ride it long enough for the battery to go dead , but this is after 2 hours or so . My only complaint is the lack of traction for going uphill on the lawn .
 This gator is great . We live on property w / little to no concrete and the gator rarely ever gets stuck . It 's so nice to not have to follow our son around pushing him when he gets stuck . He has an absolute blast in it . It was a great buy !
 We bought this gator for our boys last Christmas when they were -LRB- almost -RRB- 2 and 4 years old . We live in the country with hills and a gravel lane , and we worried that the gator might not handle the terrain . However , 6 months later it has proven to be a WONDERFUL purchase ! The boys love it -- they quickly figured out how take it down the hill , across the grass , up a slight incline back onto to the lane and complete the loop back to the house . Surprisingling enough , when the gator does get hung up in the grass -- the boys immediately jump out , push it a few feet , pile back in and go again . They have never gotten frustrated with the gator , and it has helped them learn the benefits of teamwork . It has also enabled them to become real `` helpers '' , as they can use the gator to haul tools to the garden or landscape trimmings to the burning pile -LRB- the dumping bed on the gator comes in very handy ! -RRB- We have found that a charged battery supplies a full day of use , and we simply recharge it overnight to ensure it 's ready for the next day . We have n't needed to purchase a second battery .
 I purchased the gator for my 3.5 y.o. when his brother was born . I was hoping that it would give him something to do when we were busy with the baby . Unfortunately , the traction on this thing is very poor on grass or dirt . On even the slightest incline the wheels just spin . I have to walk behind the thing and constantly push it to get it going again . I tried adding weight to the back , but that only helped a little . Also , the gate on the dumping bed came warped and will not lock in place , so it is difficult to keep the weight from dropping out the back . Another problem I encountered was that the specifications on the box list this item as being 28 inches wide . This is wrong , the gator is 38 inches wide . This means that it wont fit in the car , and I would not have purchased this if I had known that .
 After almost 7 yrs , -LRB- 2 sets of tires , one transmission , one wiring overhaul , and 2 batteries -RRB- , this thing WILL NOT DIE ! Both of my boys have ran it following me through the woods on my 4-wheeler , hauled everything except the living room furniture , and by now have hit every tree on the 10 acres . We first got it for my 10 yr old when he was 3 , and now my 3 yr old rides it when he 's not on his Peg Perego Polaris.Both boys trailered the red wagon behind usually hauling the neighborhood kids , or whatever else they could find to haul -LRB- including the cat -LRB- still wondering what happened -RRB- -RRB- . Peg Perego in one word is awesome . I will never buy anything not made by them . Their customer service people absolutely rock ! When I called for the new tires , they were on my front porch in three days . They are actually there to make the customer happy , not like other companies these days.But the Deere , you wo n't be disappointed .
 The Peg-Perego Gator is a great item . My boys , now 5 & 7 have put about 100 miles on theirs around the neighborhood the past 2 years . It has great battery life if you keep the battery charged up after putting it away each time . Super fun , I will be sad when the kids outgrow it !!!! Wish I had one when I was a kid !
 This was the frits Peg Perego product that I purchased , and am hands down blown away with the quality of materials and durability . I bought this for my son 's second birthday after he fell in love with his grandfather 's gator and tractor . We actually purchased the item at a tractor supply company who threw in the hydraulic pump for the dump box for free . Although he was a little young to really steer it , he loves it and quickly learned ! We actually cleared out the basement for him to play with it all winter . The reverse did break after about a month , but my husband easily fixed it . There are two speed settings with parent lock to keep younger kinds at slower speeds . The seat is adjustable , and although the horn is a little annoying - the batteries are very easy to replace . Lastly , I was also impressed how long the 12v battery kept a charge . My son uses this toy about 3 hours a day everyday , and we only charge about one time in 2 weeks . We ca n't wait for the snow to melt and get out in the yard again . Great product !
 We have used this car almost daily for over 1 year and the kids absolutely love it ! The Gator can carry two kids with ease over grass , gravel & uneven surfaces . It is the fastest ride-on of the bunch . We have three other types & brands that ca n't even touch the Gator 's traction , durability , safety and speed . My two sons age 3 & 5 have been driving experts for a year , the Gator has withstood several `` play days '' , parties & related collisions , scrapes , etc. . This ride-on is very tough compared to all others out there . There have been days that we have gone through several kids riding one after the other for 4-6hrs straight , the spare battery is a must . Set-up a place to keep rotating batteries and the fun never stops . The one item that has been warrantied for us -LRB- over the first year -RRB- has been the tires , they are thin walled , and since also hollow , it can tear up with alot of cement driving , skids , jumping on and off of grass to cement , etc. . Overall this is worth the money & alot of daily rugged fun for all the kids & friends . We even designed a cement track around a playground area to add skill to the driving experience . It is a blast & has really given the boys lots of good times .
 We have been very pleased with our Gator . It does occasionally have a hard time shifting into gear , like it is grinding , has anyone else had problems with that . When it does it I have to have the kids shift gears and put it back in gear again . We also added a little extra traction to the tires as they would spin on the grass alot , but since doing that we have had no problems with traction . It is a pricey toy but we have more than gotten our money out of it . My three year old drives it daily
 My 3-year old 55 lb . grandson has been driving his John Deere Gator around our five-acre property since Christmas 2002 . He drives it around just about every day , and it has withstood this frequency of use . His grandpa just hooks it back up to the battery charger each evening in the garage , and it 's ready the next day for another day of driving . My grandson loves his `` Gator , '' and his grandpa loves his help in loading up the back bed . Seems expensive , but the quality of the product has been excellent .
 I own a REAL John Deere 6x4 Diesel Trail Gator . I have three boys , the oldest is 5 , plus twins aged 4 . They of course love having rides on the real Gator , and my eldest can even drive it on his own already.We purchased this little electric Gator for the twins ' 4th birthday and they have been in heaven ever since . It 's hard for me to believe that this all-plastic toy would be able to compete with the real thing , but the kids are delighted to have their own , and seem as happy to be on it as on the real thing.I have also been impressed with the durability ; it would appear that it can stand up to the punishment three little boys can deliver - and they are destructive ! It also seems to have the electrical energy to run all day between charges . I was most skeptical of that claim , but I now see that it 's true.We have the power lift on the bed which works very well , although I do wish it would lift higher . The only other complaint I have is that the plastic tires seem as though they may wear through at some point and need replacing . I guess genuine rubber tires would have upped the price significantly , but I do wish there was an option to add them.We had the JD dealership put this together ; I 'm sure I could have done it myself but it was cheap . Also , the price was the same as on the websites , so I recommend you go to your local John Deere store to save the shipping cost and your time assembling it.It may be an expensive toy , but we already extracted our money 's worth out of it . It 's faster than the other electric jeeps we have owned , it is better made , the batteries last longer , and the kids love it more . What else can I say ?
 We purchased this ride on for our kids after a friend got one for her kids . It is very durable and has withstood quite a bit of hard use from our son . We bought traction bands for the tires and the tires are still in great shape because the traction bands absorb almost all of the wear . It is a lot easier to replace $ 10 bands than $ 60 tires . Not having a seatbelt was an issue for about 10 minutes until I ran into the house and got an adjustable strap with a clip on it that used to go on my daughter 's old highchair/booster seat and used that to hold the passenger child in . Problem completely solved . it worked great . We bought a second battery from an auto parts store and it holds a better charge longer that the battery that the gator came with and is a lot cheaper too . Overall this is a great toy and I highly recomend it .
 THE GATOR WE PURCHASED LAST CHRISTMAS WAS WONDERFUL UNTIL ABOUT SIX MONTHS AFTER THAT . IT SEEMS THE GEARS ARE STARTING TO WEAR OUT ALREADY . I KNOW MY CHILDREN ARE ROUGH ON IT , BUT WE ALSO HAVE A POWER WHEELS THAT WE HAVE HAD FOR ALMOST THREE YEARS AND THE ONLY THING WRONG WITH IT IS THE COLOR IS FADING . I EXPECTED A MORE HIGH QUALITY ITEM . I WILL NOT PURCHASE THEIR ITEMS AGAIN .
 We bought the Gator for our son 's 4th birthday . He has driven it constantly during the past year and absolutely loves it ! He has been very rough with it , reversing quickly , banging it into things , running it over a variety of terrain and has even enjoyed driving it in the snow . The traction is not the best in the snow but we found if the back end is weighted down , it runs well . We have not had any problems with this toy and it was the best $ we ever spent . He has had so much fun driving it and has the neighborhood kids clamoring for rides !
 We bought this item 5 years ago while my son was only 1-1/2 years old , by then he could n't reach the pedal but wanted to ride on it so bad , since I 'm petite -LRB- 102 lbs . -RRB- I drove it around our yard together with my son . It is great ! Now my son is already 6 years old and had a little sister -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- they are having fun driving it together . My yard is not smooth , it is gravel driveway but I can say this Gator surpassed my expectation ! I noticed the plastic wheels kept spinning on uphill surface but just a little push it works , other than that my son loves driving it in our dirt round-about and it runs fine .
 I 'm jealous ! Why did n't we have great ride on toys like this when I was young ? We 've had this for 3 years and it is still in great shape , runs well , and my daughter has a blast in it .
 My 4 1/2 year old son got this for his 3rd birthday and it is still going strong ! Even after his uncle put a tow hitch on it and he tows any thing he can , including his sister 's Barbie Jeep . He `` 4x4 '' 's , slams into things and is just generally very hard on it ! Compared to his sister 's jeep & cousin 's ride on toys , the turning radius is the best I have seen , the two front seats are quite roomy and the battery holds better than I expected . It rides on pavement , gravel and grass with ease and with a running start can make it up some decent grassy hills.It is well worth the extra money . The only con I could find is that it is n't big enough for me to drive !
 My son got this nearly a year ago and we have had no gear or battery problems . He has hauled a bail of hay with a 5 year old sitting beside him with no problem . We have had several power wheels jeeps , 4-wheelers etc. so I know how they compare . Our neighborhood also has a couple more with no problems except one of them has completely worn through the plastic tires . The only stripped gear problem I have seen on them was when they attached rubber to the rear tires , they are meant to spin a little when starting so this is not a good idea . The battery definetly outlasts the powerwheels but it is kinda expensive . If you have more than one child , I would rate this higher than a powerwheels jeep simply because it can carry more weight and the battery lasts longer .
 I read a lot of the comments on this Peg Perego John Deer . My son loves it . . He has had it now for two years . He really is rough with it . It still works wonderully ! The only thing one time it would not go into reverse . I read on here a lot of people encountered this . . Not sure if they are really speaking of stripped gears , , b.c they stated it would only go into two gears . FYI If the car will not go into reverse ... or any other gear try w40 ... spray into wear the shift is . my husband did tonight and it worked !!!!! I would buy another one in a heartbeat .
 We aquired a power wheels ninja jeep from a neighbor -LRB- their daughter outgrew it -RRB- and it has been awesome ! It 's been through 3 kids and still going strong after many years . We thought we 'd buy a new one for our youngest son , and he picked this John Deere jeep out at the store . We 've never tried the peg perego brand before , but bought it anyway . We 've only had it for about 2 weeks and things are falling off , gears do n't work right , tailgate is sagging . Thank goodness we can still bring it back to the store and exchange it for a power wheels brand . We 'll stick to what we know . AVOID PEG PEREGO !
 My son got a gator for his third birthday . He absolutely LOVES it . He has had it for about two weeks now and let me just say that my son is very hard on toys . He has crashed his gator into just about everything in the yard , etc. the porch , trees , other toys , and so far this toy has withstood the test . He had a smaller one speed power wheels jeep but he did n't enjoy it very much . The gator goes twice as fast as the jeep did and you just ca n't keep him off of it . He goes around the house over and over again . It is a fight just to get him to go in to have a bite to eat of to use the restroom . I have n't had any trouble with the gears or the battery . Hopefully I wo n't . The charge on the battery lasts the whole day . I just pop the battery out at night and set it on the charger and the next day put it in the gator and off he goes . I believe that this product is well worth the money . I am very satisfied with it and so is my son .
 I agree with others about the fun . etc. . . , I love the fact that it was almost fully assembled , it was easier than putting together the fisher-price trike ! but it would have been better if it has seat belts , like the Power Wheel Limited edition Jeep . And I do n't understand why the reverse shift has to be held in place while going backwards . It would have been so much easier for the little ones to handle if it would just hold in place like the others . And the horn is very hard to press for a honk . the pretend key hole is a piece of junk since it would not stay in place , my 2 year-old pulled it right out -LRB- the key and the pretend key-hole . Other than that , it 's a great toy .
 My daughter who is three and a half was riding in the passenger seat when the child driving abruptly turned and accelerated at the same time . My daughter fell out of the gater , no safety straps included in this like the jeep or trucks available . She has multiple abrasions on her face and knees . She cut the front of her lip and was therefore bleeding profusely . She is petrified to ride in the gator now and she is my daredevil . They need to install safety straps , slow it down , it is faster than the truck we have I do n't care what the box says !
 If you are concerned about this Ride On I say Do n't be . We have got this for our son 's second birthday and he loved it and so do we . He rides this everywhere in the grass and we took it to a dirt track , he has never had any problems with this at all . It is well worth the money , and it 's tough my son has had a few bumps and no damage done . We have bought many Ride On 's we have 5 children and we buy each of them one for there birthday and this was one of the best ones yet ! Now the only problem is it 's time to buy another for our son and have to find one that is just as good : -RRB-
 I just bought my two sons -LRB- 3 & 1 -RRB- the Gator , and what a great piece of equipment it is . Easy to use , durable , strong , fast , and functional . My son has hauled sod , plants , tools , dirt , his brother , and many other things in the bed of the Gator . He had the 6 volt 4X4 truck prior to this , and this is far and away a better vehicle , and he has tons more fun ! You ca n't go wrong with the Gator , I recommend it to everyone .
 The kids have loved the Gator . Unfortunately , six months after purchase , the reverse and first gear have completely gone out . Now , it looks like second gear is going out which will render the Gator completely immobile.Not very long to have a new riding toy .
 This was a present for my children at Christmas in Dec. 2003 . My son was 1 and my daughter 3 . They LOVE it ! My daughter drove it right away . My son started driving it by pressing the gas pedal at 17 months -LRB- I had to run along side and steer it -RRB- . By 19 mths he was steering it . Now , at 2.5 yrs he is a better driver than most adults ! My daughter drives it occassionally but is n't as interested . We kept it ` locked ' in low speed -LRB- 2.5 mph -RRB- for the first 1.3 yrs . My children have driven this on average 5 times a week -LRB- for &#62; 45 min . each time -RRB- . After using this for about 1.3 years we removed the screw allowing it to go 5mph . It became a whole new toy again . Unfortunately shortly after removing the screw , the battery started dying . We did have to purchase a new battery -LRB- not cheap -RRB- but given how much my son loves and uses this toy its worth the cost . One of the great things about this rideon is that it has 2 seats so when friends are over one can drive and one can ride - then they switch . It does great on gravel and grass . Sometimes the wheels spin -LRB- especially uphill on gravel or wet grass -RRB- and it needs a push to help it along . I 'd love to see a ride-on with real rubber tires and power to more than just one wheel . The tailgate is very flimsy - not really usable . Overall - one of our best toy purchases .
 Our 3 year old daughter has had her Gator for 2 months and has given it moderate use . The gears have given out already ! For the money this is a rip off .
 We bought our daughter a gator for christmas she had it 1 day and the gears stopped working . We returned it back to wal-mart where we purchased it and after a couple hours and several people later i finaly was able to get another one a a cheaper price than what i had paid . Now with the new one . . I have used the charger 3 times and now that has quit.I was told i would have to purchase another charger which i think is wrong . It is not my fault nor has it been abused for the charger to quit so soon . So my oppinion of the gator at this point is i wasted my money on something that will break down or something go wrong with it all the time . I am very disappointed in this product and will not purchase another one .
 hello all we just got the gator for our 3 year old daughter for christmas and it has been more fun than any toy we have gotten yet . she watchs her 6 year old sister race on her go cart -LRB- we got her that after her power wheels jeep caught fire with her on it -RRB- power wheels will never get a bit of bussiness from us again lucky we seen that there was something wrong and had her hope off . the fisher price jeep by power wheels was on fire under the pedal . the peg is what we have been look for we live on a huge farm and lots of places to ride . as with any toy taking good storge and body care will help the life of the toy . my older daughter only had her jeep 8 months and all that happened . so now that the baby is 3 she is ready to go haul the wood with poppy and daddy . thanks so much for all the info.a happy parent to be away from power wheels
 Like others here we have had battery problems from the start . We followed the instructions to the letter and we only get 20 minutes of battery life . After several emails to Peg , still no new battery . Our boys have four Power Wheels vehicles and every one of them has been great . Who knew Fisher Price would outperform the expensive Pegs .
 My 2 year old daughter loves the toy . Finally learned how to run the reverse and now can go anywhere . We live in town , with average yard and she is able to drive it around the house time and time and time again . The reviews I read have problems with charging the battery ... yes we have to charge it every other day , but that is after constant -LRB- 4-5hr per day -RRB- usage and it really isnt that hard to take out the battery . I just didnt replace the screws that hold the front grill together . THe Grill has its own clips that hold it in place . WHen I go to charge the battery I simply flip the grill down and pull out a 12 inch bar that secures the battery in place . Takes about 10 seconds . Great ... Sturdy ... FAST ... Delightful !!!!
 We bought the Gator Ride-On for my 4yr old son and he loves it!He drives all over the yard . It works in the grass and in our backyard all we have is dirt and crusher fine rock and it has no problem . In softer sand it gets stuck but its easy to get it out . I recommend buying a second battery , if your child loves it as much as mine does you will need it .
 OH MY GOSH !!! This is the best money we have ever spent on a toy . We gave this to our 3 year old for his birthday and he has not stopped driving . He loves the different speeds and the trailer to `` haul stuff '' . The look on his face when he is driving around the yard is priceless . I recommend this toy to anyone thinking of buying a battery powered vehicle for their child . The quality is unbeatable . It is larger than most battery operated vehicles , therefore giving more room for `` passengers '' . It also seems a little safer to me because of the size . My only other recommendation for anyone thinking of buying this toy is to BUY AN EXTRA BATTERY !!! I am going today to buy another so that we do not have to wait for it to charge if we forget to take it out the evening before . Again , this is the best toy we have ever purchased for our son . I am becoming a HUGE fan of Peg Perego -LRB- we have two other peg perego vehicles -RRB- .
 Ride on is a lot of fun but . No seat belts a no no . My 3.5 yearold loaded the back with dirt and backed down a little hilland it flipped over I thought he broke his neck but he was OK.The gear shift broke the first week waited 3 weeks for assembly.Other than that it 's a great toy and the kids love it .
 My son drives his truck every day . He follows our real John Deere tractor around and loves to pick up the toys from the yard and put them in the bed of the truck . To those who have written reviews about children falling out - they must be too young for this . Any child smart enough to sit still when told is more than safe in this . My son -LRB- 4 -RRB- was told that if he did n't follow the safety rules - no driving . It has n't been a problem . HE LOVES THIS TOY . It was well worth the money . I 'd recommend it to anyone with a yard and a kid who loves the outdoors .
 I previously posted that the gator has such poor traction that it was nearly useless . In the 6 months since I bought it , this has been almost entirely rectified by the tires getting scuffed-up through use , and the fact that he has no shortage of willing passengers to add weight . We moved shortly after we bought it , and it has made my son the most popular kid in the neighborhood , as everyone wants to ride it , usually all at once -LRB- I think there were 5 kids piled on it at one point at our block party -RRB- . They especially like to take the Gator out to an adjacent construction site where grading has left some challenging hills and slopes . Moreover , thanks to the gator I have no need to buy a wheel-barrow for the extensive landscaping we have been doing , as the gator handles a great deal of weight -LRB- even hauling 100lb trees -RRB- without difficulty , although I 'm sure this is n't recommended . The gear switch on the gator did break early on -LRB- was n't my fault , this was before we used it for any construction -RRB- , but customer service shipped the replacement very quickly . Other than the switch , the gator is surprisingly durable as it has been horribly abused constantly since we bought it , to no ill-effect other than being a little scratched-up and really muddy .1 year update
 We bought this four our 3-1/2 year old grandson . He loves it so much , but it is falling apart . First it was little things , like handles and the gas cap . Now there is a terrible `` knocking '' noise in the rear end . When trying to call the dealership to order parts , we were put on hold for over 30 minutes -LRB- yes , we held on -RRB- and no one ever helped us . Our grandson is still riding it and it has now been only 4 months . Hope it will see it 's 1st birthday . FUN but not DURABLE !!!!!
 WE BOUGHT THIS FOR OUR SON 'S UP COMING BIRTHDAY WHO WILL BE TURNING 4 . HE JUST LOVES THIS TRUCK AND DRIVES IT LIKE A PRO ! OUR 1 1/2 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER LOVES TO RIDE IN IT AS WELL ON THE PASSENGER SIDE ... THE ONLY THING I DO N'T LIKE ABOUT THE GATOR IS THAT IT DOES NOT COME WITH SEAT BELTS OF ANY KIND ... AND COULD DEFINATELY USE THEM FOR HOW FAST IT GOES ... . WE MADE SOME SEAT BELTS FOR THE GATOR OURSELVES OTHERWISE OUR LITTLE GIRL WOULD FALL OUT FOR SURE ! SO IF YOU ARE PLANNING ON GETTING THE GATOR MAKE SURE YOU BUY SOME KIND OF STRAPS TO SECURE THE LITTLE ONES AND MAKE SURE THEY HANG ON TIGHT !!
 I bought this for my Grand-son 's 2nd Birthday . I put it together my slef , it was very easy . My Grand-son loves it , he rides it all the time . He can go anywhere on it . He was using the high speed -LRB- 5 mph -RRB- only after 3 days . The battery last for hours . I will buy another one for my grand-daughter on her 2nd Birthday . This is a rugged and durable ride on . I could never say enough about it . IT 'S THE GREATEST !
 We got this 2 years ago when my daughter was 5 and my son was 3 . There are 2 speeds to it . Of course , they always want to go the faster speed . It does n't go as fast on the grass as it does the driveway -LRB- where it goes too fast for me , but the kids shriek and squeal with delight -RRB- I was thankfull for the bar on the passengers side . I would always tell them to hold on very tight with both hands . It would be better if it had doors on it , or seat belts . They love it though . Another thing -- kids ca n't ride in the back . My kids climbed into the back and broke it so it never did `` dump '' . They still love hauling things in the back . I cleaned out the shed and they drove the debri out to the front where we put the garbage . They were proud they could help.The battery is n't as good as it was -LRB- I 'll admit , I did n't follow the instructions , I let it sit all winter -RRB- So , I 'm going to buy a new battery for it . They can use it a few more years .
 This was a great gift for my twins 3rd birthday . The boys have hit trees , climbed big hills and this thing is still going strong . The have named their Gator `` Allie '' . We ride to the neighbors whose grandson also has a Gator and they all ride around our 5 acre lot . They have enjoyed this gift so much . I wished I had of gotten it sooner .
 The Peg Perego Gator Ride-On is simply the best `` toy '' I have ever spent my money on . My son received this from us on his third birthday in March and has ridden / played on it every day since . The cargo `` bed '' in the back is perfect for him to haul around his assortment of tools , rocks and various unfortunate bugs and frogs that he comes across . The `` bed '' itself is not intended for children to ride in and has a large sticker on it that indicates that . His 5 year old sister is frequently in the passenger seat and the Gator performs just as well with the weight of both of them . We live on 2 acres and every now and then , he will get stuck on a large rock or steep little hill , but he either reverses or just gets out and pushes it a few inches and off he goes again . The reverse function did go out a month ago but one call to Peg Perego and they sent us exactly what we needed . They truly have first class customer service and will do what it takes to make sure you are satisfied with their product . I rated the educational value as a `` 5 '' because it is amazing to see how his hand-eye coordination has improved and I love how it gets him outside every day going on little adventures and `` exploring '' . Your little one will love the John Deere Gator !
 I have 2 boys now ages 3 and 4 . This is BY FAR their favorite toy and it gets used all the time . We 've had it almost 2 years and it still runs like a champ . Everything you can imagine gets put in the back and hauled around from action figures , balls , trucks and more . We can not be happier with this purchase!I 'm back online today to look for a replacement battery because after almost daily use and being recharged many times the charge does n't last more than a couple days now , but that 's to be expected with rechargable batteries.I have read about some having gear problems , but we have never had a problem . However , we keep it in the slow gear since our boys are so young . I would suggest that they add seat belts to this , but there is a sturdy handle on the passenger 's side and we have never had one of the children fall out . I 've also read some comments about the battery access . It requires a screw driver to open . I like that ! I do n't want my kids attaching the charger themselves . My only other recomendation is to add better tread to the tires.If I had to get one toy for my kids it would be this !
 We thought this John Deere Gator was so cool we splurged on it for our son 's 4th birthday in February . Every neighborhood kid came running and thought it was awesome . Our son figured out how to drive it well within a 24 hr . time period or so , turning great and not running into people or other objects and he was remarkably pretty smooth when he put the Gator into reverse . He loved this ride-on toy , but the gears were shot within about 2-3 weeks . So after being put on hold and not having calls returned and going through countless voice mail prompts at Peg Perego , we took the gator back to where we had bought it with our receipt that proved we had only owned this for less than a month . They returned it and allowed us to get a brand new one . So my husband invested the time in putting it together once again . This time the gator lasted about one and a half to two weeks before the gears were ruined . The 3rd gator we bought did the same thing within 10 days or so as well . The reason we bought the Gator rather than one of the Fisher Price jeeps was that it got much better reviews , but we did n't find those awesome things to be true about durability . It looks great and kids will love it , but it just does n't hold up . I have seen how rough other neighborhood kids ride on their battery operated toys and put them into reverse , etc. and our son drives his like a pro and it still did this . After the 3rd Gator broke , we gave up and bought a Fisher Price jeep with which we have had no problems whatsoever and have now owned it for over 2 months .
 We bought the Gator tractor for our 3 year old son in Dec 2003 . Within 4 months , the gears were stripped , holes worn in the tires and the windshield cracked . He is no harder on his Gator than his friends are on their FP Jeeps , which they have had for years without any problems . Peg Perego is great with customer service , sending out the parts as needed but it should n't be needed!Overall , my son LOVES his tractor , he can help Daddy around the yard and is able to carry things that his friends ca n't in their Jeeps . The charged battery can go for days . It does need a safety strap because a kid could fall out easily , however our 20 month old daughter rides along and hangs on to the little bar on the dash and we have n't had any accidents yet . Parental supervision is a must!Also , it goes just a bit slower than the Jeep 's 5 mph . -LRB- Amazon 's description is wrong , it goes 2.0 mph in low & 3.9 mph in high -RRB- . If your child plays with the neighbor kids on their ride-ons like my child does , they can outrun him easily and this causes some frustration for him . If we had to buy over again , we 'd go with a Fisher Price Jeep .
 I first came accross this product a few months ago while researching potential gifts for my son 's upcoming third birthday . When it finally became available at Amazon in mid-August I jumped at the opportunity . It arrived via a special cargo service due to it 's near 100 lb shipping weight . It was a breeze to assemble and the instructions were easy to follow for a change . This is my first Peg Perego product and I must say I am impressed with the quality of construction and the durability . My son has rammed the the Gator into several immovable objects including the house and my truck without any signs of physical damage . He also took his 8 y/o 90 lb cousin for a ride without difficulty . The steering is very responsive and the seats have four different settings to accomodate your growing child . The dump bed can hold several items and can be tipped up at an angle to unload cargo . The horn actually works and requires a 9V battery -LRB- not supplied -RRB- . The 12V battery -LRB- supplied -RRB- needs to be charged -LRB- standard wall outlet -RRB- for 18 hours prior to it 's first use so if you plan on purchasing a spare you may want to have one charged before the Gator arrives to avoid any initial disappointment . The battery is installed in the front of the gator by removing one screw to open the hood and simply connecting it to a 12V adapter . I was amazed at the speed in high gear . Five MPH may not seem like much , but this thing goes ! There is a safety lock to prevent the manual shifter from being put into high gear if you 're not comfortable with your child driving that fast . I initially had the safety lock in place , but took it off after my son got use to the steering and controls . Reverse is activated by holding the shifter down while depressing the `` gas '' pedal . The brakes automatically engage when your child takes his foot off the `` gas '' for added safety . This feature also allows the Gator to do some impressive fish-tails which my son has perfected . I have looked at the Fisher Price Power Wheels and there is just no comparison in terms of quality and appearance . If you are in the market for a ride-on you got ta get a Gator !
 THE ABSOLUTE 100 % HANDS DOWN BEST RIDE ON I HAVE EVER PURCHASED . The Gator was a birthday present for my 4 year old twins . After owning the power wheels bigfoot and jeep it is evident that this peg perego product runs faster and handles all kinds of terrain better . From grass to driveways , hills to ditches , my kids ca n't stop it . My 14 year son wishes he could fit in it so that he could drive it . I would HIGHLY recommend this product over ANY other ride on . It is worth every penney and will provide years of fun and loads of beautiful memories for your family .
 Santa brought our 4 year old a gator to his grandpa 's farm . He had asked for one since grandpa has a gator that he uses on his farm.The vehicle performs well and I estimate that in high gear we took it about 3 miles on dirt roads around our orchards before the battery gave up . In low speed it goes at a perfect pace for a nice walk , but in high speed , you better get ready to jog.The tires are actually plastic so traction can be a problem , but we added about 20 lbs of weight in the bed and it works well on concrete and short dry grass . It will take a fairly steep hill , but as the real gator it has a good wide wheel base so it 's not likely to tip . I 've used it to haul wood from the wood pile to the back of our house since it has a 140 lb capacity -LRB- of course the manufacturer would n't recommend this -RRB- . I had to remove the cover on the speed control to get the reverse gear working , but other than that it seems to work fine . If you 're expecting a long walk , I 'd buy a second battery , but we 're sticking with one right now since a battery would probably last 2-3 hours of `` play '' use and that 's enough for a day ... and a good excuse for mom and dad.It 's now 5 days old and has a few battle scars since learning to drive is a challenge for most 4 year olds , but since it 's plastic it does n't scar up your vehicle too bad . When they first drive it , give them a big area to learn in.Also it does n't turn too tightly which prevents it from turning over , but then it requires a good sized area to make a turn . To make a complete circle it requires about a 40 foot circle.I 'd buy it again .
 We bought the Gator for our son 's 2nd birthday . I was a little hesitant at 1st , thinking it was too big and too much for him to handle at 2 . But , boy was I wrong ! At first , we blocked out the high speed gear , just to be safe , but that did n't last long . Be prepared to RUN if you 'd like to catch up to your child on the Gator , it moves fast . The battery seems to really hold up . It does n't lose power like other brands . The adjustable seat is great . The neighbor kids love it too . All in all , this is just the best ride-on we 've encountered . We 've laughed for hours watching our son and his friends zoom by with big grins on their faces .
 I AM A GRANDPA RAISING A 4 YEAR OLD GRANDSON ... AFTER RESEARCHING AVAILABLE CARS DECIDED ON THE GATOR ... THIS CAR IS ALL OF WHAT IT IS REPRESENTED TO BE AND MORE . AT FIRST , I THOUGHT THE SINGLE 12 VOLT BATTERY WOULD NOTRUN THE CAR BECAUSE OF ITS ' SIZE AND WEIGHT . TURNS OUT THE BATTERY HOLDS UP FOR ANY OF HIS RIDING VENTURES . AM EVEN ABLE TO RUN THE CAR WITHOUT CHARGING AFTER EACH USE , MANUFACTURER INSTRUCTS OTHERWISE . EASY TO ASSEMBLE , VERY DURABLE , AND WITH THE RAISED BED FEATURE , TURNS MY LITTLE GUY INTO A HAULER OF SAND , GRAVEL OR ANY OTHER ITEMS HE DESIRES .
 We purchased the Gator for our 5 year old daughter for Christmas 2001 . After 4 months of use , I now feel comportable writing a review . All I can say is `` WOW '' ! The Gator is hands down the best ride-on I have ever seen . We have had two power wheels ride-ons in the past . My daughter rides her Gator on almost a daily basis , and it is still going strong . The battery has held up incredibly - just as fast 4 months later as the day we bought it . She rides over grass , dirt & rocks - through ditches , potholes and everything else . The Gator takes it all in stride . If you 're shopping for a ride-on , I highly recommend this product . I know it is rare these days , but you wo n't be disappointed .
 I bought this for my son 's 5th birthday . I had purchased him one of the cheaper ride-ons -LRB- 6v one drive wheel -RRB- at a garage sale about two years ago , mostly to gently introduce my wife to the possibility that they are not horridly dangerous . Being 6 volt and 1 drive wheel naturally meant that it barely functioned new , never mind used from a garage sale.On to this model . I am impressed . Yes , the entire toy is plastic , but it is reasonably heavy duty plastic.Pros - * A handsome ride . * My son loves it . * Enough battery to carry the kids around for a couple of hours non-stop even with a couple of Cinder Blocks for traction . * Power applied to both rear wheels . This makes a huge difference in how the toy drives . * It is rated for 130 lbs which means that two young children can ride or even one older child . The cheaper toys are rated at 65 lbs or so.Cons - * EXPENSIVE ! At $ -LSB- ... -RSB- after tax at the local Wal-Mart this is not a cheap toy . * Not father friendly - you have to undo a screw , drop down the front panel , and unplug the battery to recharge it . * Enough power to carry the kids around for a couple of hours . You really must be with the children -LRB- walking right along side them -RRB- while they are learning to drive or they WILL drive into things , kill the gears etc. * The traction is non-existant - see `` making it better '' . It absolutely requires at least one and possibly two cinder blocks in the back , right over the wheels , to give it enough traction to make it up the slightest incline . Adding these cinder blocks then shortens the battery life -LRB- and slows it down -RRB- since it is hauling more weight . This is an issue with all of these ride-on toys - the wheels are just hard plastic ! * Nothing to prevent going from forward to reverse while moving . I am convinced that this is the cause of a lot of the stripped gears that you read about in the other reviews . You MUST teach your child to come to a complete stop before pushing down the reverse and -LRB- even harder to teach -RRB- before releasing the reverse . My son is having a hard time with this but he is learning . Will a 3 year old be able to understand this ? BTW , this is NOT unique to this toy , AFAICT all such ride-ons that have a reverse have this problem . * Additional batteries are expensive at ~ $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . Making it better - I decided to try to do something about the traction first . I went to the local department store and bought one of those black rubber door mats with the little rubber nubs sticking up . I trimmed it lengthwise into strips about 5 inches wide . I then applied silicon seal/adhesive to the back of the strips of rubber mat and using 1 '' sheetrock screws and washers , I screwed it onto the traction surface of the back wheels . Three screws across , every 4 inches or so all the way around the tire . Repeat for the other tire . Whooo doggy does THAT give traction . I am able to remove one of the two cinder blocks from the dump section now just because the rubber GRIPS . Because of the thousands of little rubber nubs it seems to wear fairly well and if it ever needs replacing , I can just unscrew it and screw on a new set of strips . These tires are apparently about $ 45 a pair so it might just pay for itself in tires I do n't have to buy.I then bought a pair of 12v 20 amp hour sealed lead acid AGM batteries and wired them in to the toy . -LSB- ... -RSB- I will say that a pair of these is likely overkill . Having no idea up front how much power was really needed I went for two and just wired both in . The pair add 25 lbs total to the weight . My son is 5 years old and weighs 43 lbs right now so this toy is well within the 135 lb max , even with the batteries and another child his size . However if I had it to do over I would add just the one , behind the passenger seat.I used lots of Velcro to fasten the batteries in to the front corners of the dump bed , right over each rear tire so it does add extra weight to help the traction even more . I wired them in parallel with a 20 amp fuse between the first and second battery , then a 30 amp fuse between the second battery and the 10 gauge wire I ran up to the front . Given that the motors draw 170 watts max -LRB- 340 for both drive wheels max -RRB- , Power -LRB- P -RRB- = Voltage -LRB- E -RRB- * Current -LRB- I -RRB- so I -LRB- amps max -RRB- = 340 -LRB- watts -RRB- / 12 -LRB- volts -RRB- = 28.33 amps max.Anyway , with the extra batteries the toy now has a total of 52 AH of battery or an additional 40 AH . Given that the original battery is 12 AH , one additional 20 AH battery provides an additional 1.66 times the original power -LRB- ride time , not speed -RRB- and would probably have been plenty . Additionally I moved the charge point so that I do n't have to open the front grill any more to charge it.It turns out that the Gator has an overheat circuit breaker -LRB- auto reset -RRB- which never triggered in all the time my son ran it in low gear . However once I enabled high gear , the breaker will open whenever he goes uphill very long in high gear . Without the battery mod it might not overheat since the original battery may not provide enough power to ever reach the max power long enough to overheat , but with even one extra battery it will be able to.To give credit where due , as long as the terrain is mild slopes and varied , the circuit breaker does not open . With the two batteries in place , he ran the Gator around his `` racetrack '' in the back yard for well over an hour in high gear before the breaker started to open occasionally , and there is a moderate hill - perhaps 10 ? or so - 4 feet rise over 40 feet run . However it opened before even making it up a 35 ? hill only about 4 foot rise . 35 ? is VERY steep though and it will go up that same hill in low -LRB- now , with the extra traction and extra battery weight over the tires -RRB- . When the breaker does open , he has to wait perhaps 10 seconds to get moving again , and it helps if he drives in low for a minute or two.And of course I also went for a BatteryMinder Plus . This thing is not cheap , but it is a high quality computer controlled battery charger -LRB- 1.3 amp -RRB- that will also safely maintain the battery indefinitely without worrying about over or undercharging it . Batteries will self discharge over time , and not keeping the battery charged will quickly kill it -LRB- especially in the winter -RRB- . The problem is that overcharging it will also kill a battery.All in all a pair of worthwhile mods IMHO . This toy went from no traction and 1.5-3 hours ride time -LRB- depending on terrain and weight of the riders -RRB- to lots of traction and at least 6 hours ride time and likely 10 or more hours ride time before a charge is absolutely required.This Gator is already expensive and IMO these mods make it truly useable instead of something that will end up sitting in the corner . All in all , a cool toy and my son loves it !
 The vehicle was relatively easy to put together and included the typical pictures to aid assembly . Not too many stickers to apply and it looks great when you are finished . The vehicle is too small for my 7 year old son to really enjoy but my 3 year old has been completely taken by it . We have had a Jeep and Dump Truck by another manufacturer but this one seems to be the top of the line . The vehicle handles most inclines with ease , but it does slip on the grass and could use a bit better traction for the power it has avaialable . I would recommend it to anyone with a large area to use it in and who does n't mind chasing after it while your little driver learns the ropes of avoiding obstacles . This little green machine is a great toy .
 I got this for my son 1 year ago when he was 4 . He LOVES it . It 's a great product and theres no comparison to the power wheels jeep we have . It has bigger motors -LRB- 2 -RRB- , bigger battery , and is just engineered to a much higher standard . Just last weekend my son was hauling a 13 year old around the yard in it ! We 've used it to haul gravel , etc. . It 's been a solid little machine.I have read the odd review where people complained of battery life
 It seems that just about every house in our subdivision has an electric ride-on toy . There are few `` Barbie '' Jeeps , few polaris ATVs , one Corvette and three Gators and few others . My 4 year old daughter was the first Gator owner.I must say , it is expensive . . This thing is by far the most expensive toy my daughter has , bar none . Should you buy your 4 year old $ 300 ride-on toy ? Well ... that 's up to you.But she loves her gator . She had to give up on lot of other toys to get this one , but she is extremely happy with it . Sometimes I wish I was 40lbs so I can ride this thing . She ca n't care less about the `` barbie '' thing , so this green utility machine was fine with her.The gator is slightly faster than others and the fat tires and truck bed makes the gator looks a lot more serious than the Barbie jeep . The truck bed is really useful . Although not recommended , she hauled two kids on the bed . With 4 kids on the car , it still zoomed around the street quite well . One time I loaded nail gun , air compressor , electric drill and jigsaw and panel saw all on the bed and asked my daughter to drive to the other side of the yard to fix the fence . I saw our neighbor hauling few bags of mulch on theirs . It made such a funnt scene . . little electric toys carrying real tools and stuff . Very cute.Enough of fun stuff.Problem 1 . Battery location and the hassle to recharge this thing . You have to open the front grill and sometimes the latch can pinch your finger . It hurts.Problem 2 . The left front wheel fell off while my daughter was driving it . I tightened it again and never happened.Problem 3 . Slipping tires . People complain about the tires having very low friction . They slip very easily on driveway and grass . But this is how it `` protects '' its gearbox so I do n't really care , but I heard they are expensive once they wear out.I think this is the best ride-on toy on the market today . If extra $ -LSB- ... -RSB- wo n't hurt you too much , then do consider the gator . Your children will not be disappointed .
 My four year old son has had his Gator for about a year now and I can honestly say that it is the best toy investment we have ever made . My son rides this thing almost every day , including in the winter when it is warm enough . We have had Power Wheels products in the past and the Gator has outperformed all of them in nearly every catagory . Assembly was a dream . The Gator went together easily and the instructions and packaging were very easy to understand and follow . I was surprised to read the reviews that stated the gears were failing . Our Gator has several hundred hours on it and there has not been the slightest indication that anything is going wrong with the gears . Also , after nearly one hundred charges , the battery still holds it 's charge as well as it did when it was new . There have been some reviewers who complained about the Gator 's ability on hills . The Gator is not built for , nor should it be used on hills . It says this in the instructions . There is not enough traction on the wheels to perform on hills and it is dangerous anyway . This is not a real Gator . This might also be the reason for the failing gears . I will agree that the tailgate is not as good as it could be . Ours does not stay latched very well . Also , for my son to use reverse gear , he has to hold the gear lever down . This is not necessarily a bad thing , because he ca n't be surprised by reverse gear when he gets in it . Overall , this is a fantastic toy . I would recommend it to anyone with a child who is ready to drive his or her own vehicle .
 My wife and I bought this for our two year old son for his birthday . He loves it . The battery stays charged most of the day , and the battery is not that hard to get out . This is a very durable toy . My son drives it off curbs and runs into trees and fences , and nothing happens to the Gator . The only problems might be the decals , they come un-stuck after a couple of weeks . Other than that , this is worth every cent , and any kid would love to have their very own Gator.OK , so I wrote this review almost two years ago . The Gator is still running strong , and is still the best toy we ever bought . Since we purchased this there are things that have been replaced.-Tires . We are on our fifth set . At $ 60 a pop , it is pretty expensive . But I would rather be replacing things from my son driving it all the time than it just sitting in the garage.-Battery . We now have three . Our first one just wore out after the first year , so I bought two new ones , this way we can swap out as the other is charging.-Gear selector switch . This has been the only small problem . The switch where you child changes from 1st to 2nd gear and reverse wears out , so I have had to replace it a couple times . You know it is time when only one wheel turns , and you have no 1st gear.Owning this Gator has brought a lot of enjoyment to my son who just turned four . For Christmas he is getting the Gaucho Grande from Santa . And I am sure it will hold up just as well.Just a side note . We have had a few neighbors decide to go out and buy a Power Wheels toy because , `` We just ca n't see spending the money on a Peg Perego . '' Comparing Peg Perego to Power Wheels is like comparing a Chevy to a Mercedes . Peregos are heavier , a way better build quality , and will actually cost less in the long run . Take it from me , buy Peg Perego , spend the extra money , after 2 1/2 years you wo n't be sorry .
 Great toy ... would recommend to anyone thinking of purchasing one of these types of vehicles . This one is like no other as you can actually put your child to work with you in the yard -LRB- great for hauling leaves or flowers to be planted -RRB- My girls love it , its lasted through now 3 summers , being ran into a tree , up and down hills ... I 'm very happy with everything about it , especially the durability . The charger is what i 'm not to happy with at this point . When plugged in the plug prongs push in so it does not make contact with the power in the wall . I 'm looking for a replacement and found a site that acutally has a `` speedy charger '' -LRB- says only takes 3 hours to fully charge -RRB- so that will be on santa 's sleigh this year . I 'm not sure after reading other reviews why people are having problems ... but ours has taken a beating and kept on truckin
 I bought this ride on for my 3 yr old son last year after having a very disappointing experience with a Power Wheels vehicle . My son loves his Gator and rides it almost every day - even in the snow ! He uses it to haul everything around our yard - leaves , rocks , sticks . The battery is still holding a charge well -LRB- he can ride it all day without it losing power -RRB- and we have had no problems with the gears -LRB- as we did with Power Wheels -RRB- . When the gator was brand new we did have to put some weight -LRB- about 10lbs -RRB- in the back for traction , but the traction has improved greatly as the wheels have been scuffed up with use so weight is no longer needed in the back . I would highly recommend this product to anyone looking for a quality ride on toy .
 Got this for our son 's 3rd birthday . Talk about fun ! He and his 2 1/2 year old cousin hopped right in and went cruising around the back yard . The dumper carries everything from rocks , to tools , to frogs . He has a ball riding it up and down the street and taking his `` girlfriend '' -LRB- 3 year old red head down the street -RRB- for a ride.Piece of cake to put together . Easy to operate for our son . Love the fact that you can adjust the seat.HUGE hit . HIGHLY recommend it !
 My son loves his Gator truck . He 's able to haul his toys around in the back , plus he 's helped Dad out several times hauling things . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a ride-on . We 've had ours for three years now and it 's still going strong . We had to buy a new battery about 6 months ago because the other had charged out , which was no big deal since we got over 2 years use out of it .
 I bought this Gator because it has two seats and a small cargo bed area . I have three sons under the age of four and I can , against Manufacturers recommendations let all three ride at once . I did modify it so the dump bed will not dump unless a bolt is removed and the tail gate will not open unless two screws are removed . So far I have had it two weeks and I am very impressed with the durability . My oldest is four and drives it very well , my two year old son can drive also , as long as he has an open area to wonder in . We have taken this for a walk with us . First gear alows for a slow easy walk . Second gear is a very brisk walk of a slow jog . We walked for about 2 1/2 miles with about 90lbs of little boys riding and the battery showed no signs of giving out . It helps gain hand eye coordination and my son is more confident since he drives a truck just like his mom and dad . I am very impressed and would buy this again with no hesitation .
 We have not really had any major problems with this toy . However , the plastic parts on the connecting end of the charger have broken and we can no longer charge the battery . And we can not find a source to purchase a new charger ... lots of new batteries are available , but not the charger . So now we have to take the battery to a friend 's house and inconvenience them to recharge it with their charger . Bummer .
 We bought this for my son yesterday who is 3 and a half . He 's had a blast with it so for , and that 's just in 1st gear ! When he 's a little more comfortable , we will unlock the 2nd gear . By the end of the first day he was doing stunts and trying to ride it standing up backwards . Bring on the helmet!I would not recommend adding seatbelts to this because it seems he 'd be safer without . If it does rollover on an incline , he could get trapped under it if in a belt .
 Just called to get help putting the dump bed back down on my granddaughter 's Gator she got for Christmas . When she came back from one of her many trips around our property , the dump bed was stuck in the up position . How refreshing to quickly reach a person who spoke English clearly and knew the product well . Tonya was willing to stay on the phone while I worked out the problem - a good 10 minutes . She explained how a certain piece should be installed correctly several times , listening to my questions and giving good replies until I `` got '' it . She was patient and nice . THANK YOU for good customer service !
 -LRB- Comments from kids age 6 & 7 -RRB-
 We got this toy for my son when he was 2 1/2 years old he is now 4 years old . It still runs like new . He drives it like a champ . We have used it to haul mulch to the back yard and some yard bricks . It never fails us and he think he is a big helper which he is . I am thinking of buying a 2nd one for my younger son now .
 I bought this toy for my son last year , and he has thoroughly enjoyed this alone and with his friends . I have had a few minor incidents for which Dad has had to make repairs , but nothing major and the vehicle is very sturdily built . Especially when you consider a 4-5 year olds driving skils . Overall , a very good buy ...
 Hi everyone . This gator and the tractor with the pull wagon are the best tough little ride on toys I ever bought for my kids . My son is really tough on everything and he really puts these toys to work . My husband locked the kids out of second gear for awhile until they could handle the extra 3 MPH . We bought these for Christmas 2004 . Batteries hold up well without charging in 1st gear for awhile but 2nd gear , they need to be charged daily . Of course , my son hauls stuff in them around the barn , he 's on them all day long and works them hard . When one runs out of juice , he jumps on the other one . Durability is good considering how tough my son is on this toy . He was 2 1/2 and needed help steering for a short time but now at 3 , he drives really well better than older kids . Hits reverse and does n't give the wheels a chance to stop turning before he pops it in gear and is gone . 2nd gear brought a big grin to his face and a scream of `` this is cool '' as he took off across the yard . I must say , we were really unsure to take a chance on this toy when we read some of the reviews but opted to give it a try and we are extremely glad that we did buy them . We are satisfied customers and look forward to purchasing any new ride on items from this company . One suggestion for company ... rubber tires instead of plastic so kids can ride in winter . Ice and snow seem to stick to plastic wheels and my son was lost without this tractor durng snow and ice season . Sincerely , Terry Nason in Shamong , NJ
 MY CHILD LOVES THE IDEA OF IT BUT IT WASNT UNTIL I PUT A BIG BAG OF DOG FOOD IN THERE , DID IT WORK SO WELL . MY CHILD IS VERY LARGE FOR HIS AGE BUT ONCE IT GOT ON THE GRASS HE JUST COULDNT GET IT TO GO WELL . HE WAS 2.5 WHEN HE GOT IT AND 36LBS . BUT STILL ONLY BY MY LAZINESS IN NOT TAKING IN THE DOG FOOD THAT DAY DID WE REALLY GET THIS THING WORKING . SO MY POINT - IT TAKES TWO KIDS OR A BAG OF DOG FOOD IN THE BACK TO MAKE THE TIRES GRIP .
 The Gator is much sturdier than the jeeps and the other ride ons out there . The kids have fun hauling some stuff in the back . My daughter even likes to take the Gator for a spin . We 've had this for a year and a half and even with all the wear it 's looks great . I do n't think you can say that for any of the other popular ride-ons . The only thing I 'm not too happy about is that taking out and replacing the battery is a little more involved than the other ride-ons . Still I think this is a better deal for your money .
 Despite some reviews to the contrary , my kids -LRB- who are not real easy on their toys -RRB- have really enjoyed the Gator . We 've had it almost three years , and it 's still going strong . I highly recommend it !
 What a great car ! We bought this for our 2 year old son and he loves it . His 5 year old sister rides around with him and they are having the time of their life . It was easy to assemble and it is quite durable . Easy to recharge the battery and beautifully made . We were concerned that he would n't be able to reach the pedals but he has had no problem . It cruises smoothly on most surfaces whether it is our driveway or our hilly backyard and grassy front lawn . The best investment in a quality toy .
 We got this for my son 's 3rd birthday . What a hit ! All the kids loved it . My friend bought her little girl a Barbie Jeep . My son had driven it but it 's too slow & they get bored with it . He ran into things at first -LRB- he 's only 3 & had never driven before -RRB- , but now he keeps it in high gear & drives like a pro . He puts his toy weedeater & leaf blower in the dump bed & helps dad mulch . My husband puts the dog food bag in the dump bed & he drives it up to the dog pen for us -LRB- what a back saver -RRB- . Great & tough product . I definately recommend it !
 I bought this 3 years ago for my then 4-yr old daughter and it is now being used by my 3-year old son . This gator is amazing and I have never had any major trouble with it . The only thing I had to fix was some loose screws holding the bed together . The kids absolutely love it . It has 2 fwd speeds -LRB- can be locked at the lower speed until your child gets familiar with driving it -RRB- - the # 2 speed @ 5MPH is a lot of fun for him . The neighbors ' kids want to ride it since their Jeeps or whatever are comparatively slow . Need to charge a long time initially -LRB- overnight -RRB- but after that a good 2-4 hour charge gets it going for about 45 mins of continuous riding . Just remember to plug it in and keep the battery charged always - increases battery life - I have n't changed mine for 3 + years now . Excellent quality and worth the money .
 Purchased for two young grandchildren -LRB- ages 4 & 6 -RRB- . They loved this truck the first 3 hours it ran even though the horn did not work and many of the plastic pieces had broken off . When the motor operating the back left wheel burned out after only 5 hours of use , we returned the product .
 We bought this 2 years ago and our son , then 3 was very excited . He learned to steer and back up , just like a real car.He 's now 5 and still has hours of enjoyment . It was a great investment .
 we bought the gator for our daughter 's 2nd birthday which is in the fall , she really did n't get to ride it until spring , after she learned to ride it by herself we could not get her off it , our son started riding with her when he was 18 months , now he 's 2 1/2 and rides it everyday , the only thing we have done to it since we bought it was replace the battery this spring , some things are broken but it still looks great , it has been ran so much the tires are now worn out so this one will go to the grandparents house to be fixed and used there and we will be buying another one so he can still ride and then when our youngest daughter gets big enough she 'll ride it .
 This is the best toy we have bought for our son . He uses it in the yard and helps with moving dirt , branches , plants as we are working with the landscaping . Also , we have a riding mower , and he follows us on his Gator while we mow , making it easy to keep an eye on him ! We bought it for his 4th birthday , and after 1 evening he is a pro at driving and can maneuver around everything ! Now I 'm buying an additional battery because we just ca n't wait for it to charge ! Also highly recommend the extended warranty package offered by Toys R Us - the item is fairly durable , but the plastic parts , especially no the dump bed part seem a bit flimsy to me , and may break .
 My son got this gift when he was 3yo . He 's just turning 5 and still loves to ride his John Deere . Very durable . My son even uses it to haul hay out to feed our horses . And of course there are the tractor races we have . We walk while he drives it around the neighborhood , you can take it to the beach too for tooling around in the sand . He also loves to hand wash it - water has not damaged it at all , even the stickers have stayed on . Highly recommended - lots of fun !
 We bought the John Deere Gator for our 5 year old son about 7 months ago in August and he just loves it . He rides it nearly every day even during the winter . Only on the extremely cold days did it sit in the garage . He used it to gather leaves and sticks last fall . He has used it to move dirt and shrubs and carries tools all over our yard for us . He loves working and it really has been very helpful for us . It almost pays for itself . ; -RRB- The only downside was that the gear shift -LRB- reverse -RRB- went out with in a few days . We called Peg Perego and they sent us a gear box right away , but for about a week he could only go forward . He was not happy , but once it was repaired he was thrilled.We use the battery exactly as directed and get between 2-3 solid hours of riding . We charge it EVERY night even if he only rides it for 15 minutes . We have had other kids come over and 2 kids on it really does wear the battery down quickly . I would say in an hour fast speed is down to slow speed and then the kids are ready to put it away . We do n't have a spare battery because usually 2-3 hours is plenty . We never leave him outside unattended.Our 21 month old daughter loves to ride with big brother too . The educuational side is that he learns to work hard and he is learning very good hand-eye coordination . He also is very cautious around his sister and practices good safety habits . I do wish it had a seat belt , but feel it is pretty safe if driven on flat ground.I would highly recommend this toy to any child that enjoys being outside and working with the family . Our son is very proud !
 Very sturdy , high quality . We use it to transport groceries and contruction materials . The air-filled large wheels are great for getting over high treshholds and make transport very quiet ! Much better than using the typical flatbed cart which are loud and ca n't get over threshholds .
 It 's good to see that Radio Flyer is still making quality products . Are they as good as the old days ? Probably not , but then what long-lived products are as good as they were in yesteryear?The Big Red Stake Wagon is a reasonably priced `` S.U.V. '' - style wagon featuring pneumatic tires for better all-terrain performance . The wagon is attractive , can be assembled in about half an hour , and uses good quality parts that will stand up to what kids dish out . Any child would be happy to have a wagon like this - our son definitely was . As we live in an area without much pavement and no sidewalks at all , having a wagon that can go over rough ground easily is a big plus . The big tires also give the wagon a wider stance , making it less prone to tipping.There are a few cons , though . The paint was not entirely consistent over the black parts . And the wood sides , though well-fashioned , were not from as dense a wood as they once were and felt flimsier . The finish on the wood was less thick than in years gone by and that becomes a matter of aesthetics to some . The last nitpick concerns the valves on the tires . They 're too close to the hubs and have to be bent quite a bit to inflate.But there are a few updates that work . The outer bolts have integrated safety caps on their nuts , preventing cuts and snags . And the notorious pinching one would get between the joint of the handle and steering yoke has been eliminated via a heavy-duty plastic ball that rotates through the entire motion of the handle.Only time can tell if this Radio Flyer will last as long as the one I owned as a child . But all things being equal , it 's certainly worthy of four stars and perhaps a half for good behavior .
 This wagon is the best!We purchased this wagon for our son 's first birthday and we soon learned that it is not only a gift for him but for our whole family ! We have so much fun pulling him around in the wagon that it has become more popular to bring along than our stroller!I researched childrens wagons and read as many reviews as possible before deciding on this model . The All-Terrain wheels make it perfect for trips to the beach , the farm , parades , the park , any where you want to go ! The wooden stakes around the rear of the wagon make it easy for little ones to stay safe -LRB- our son even holds on to them as we go over bumpy terrain -RRB- ! This wagon also boasts the deepest steel wagon bed , it is a good 6in or more , so all of our precious cargo stays put.This wagon is a ` must have ' for active families !
 I have this wagon ! My wife and I do n't own a car , nor do we drive , so this is our `` grocery getter . '' We have used it in the winter as well as the summer , and the big tires work great in snow . Not real deep snow , though . We are known as `` the wagon couple , '' at the market . We also use it as our shopping cart . It has held up very well , and we plan on getting a bigger one someday . It is great for the grand kids also . We have the wagon pads and side pads also . They keep grocery bags from wobbling around on the way home . Have n't broken any eggs or mashed any loaves of bread either . This is one `` haul '' of a wagon !
 Excellent wagon !! Easy to assemble , very durable , nice long handle , and we really love the deep sides ! The wheels roll over anything ! And with even the sharpest turns , it wo n't tip over . My son is 1 year old and LOVES to go for rides . Fun for everyone ! This is a great `` toy '' that will get many years of use . Very versatile too ! A + + +
 How much fun can you have with a wagon ? Lots ! I 'm a face painter and I wanted a wagon that was durable and could carry all my painting supplies and accessories , especially when I have to entertain at outdoor events . This wagon does the job . It 's incredibly stable ! I 've hauled heavy loads across very uneven terrain and this wagon has n't tipped over . Wagons are such a fun and useful product . Children love them ; they ca n't seem to keep themselves out of them . I 've found that children want to clamber into my wagon immediately after I 've unloaded my supplies . Adults love them either because they rekindle some childhood memory or because they 're such practical totes for sundry supplies around the yard . The foldaway handle is a great feature . The huge pneumatic tires make traversing curbs , ruts , etc. easier . It 's a beautiful fire engine red . This wagon is solid and a worthy purchase for parents , grandparents or anyone who wants to haul loads of items .
 We decided to give this wagon to our grandson for his 2nd birthday because he is into pulling things . He loves it ! We love it ! We did lots of research and selected this one for many reasons :1 -RRB- 6 '' deep so he can sit deep into it ; 2 -RRB- side rails on only the back half so he can climb in and out by himself -LRB- well , not quite yet , but almost , with full rails he never would be able to ; 3 -RRB- fat tires because they look so cool ! ; 4 -RRB- the long handle so an adult can easily walk and pull the wagon ; 5 -RRB- this wagon had the look we wanted
 I bought this wagon for my daughter 's 2nd birthday and sheloves it . It is easy for her to pull it around . She lovesto be pulled around in it . I would recommendthis item for anyone that is looking for a durable wagon .
 It 's funny that Amazon had this wagon listed for thing for me to review ... because I bought the wagon 8 years ago , and it 's still awesome and working great . Really tough contstruction . the hard thing is
 I got this limited edition wagon because it was the biggest available . It rolls excellent , and has n't rolled over onto its side . My sone likes it and that is all that matters !
 I BOUGHT THIS ITEM FOR MY GRANDSON AFTER HE TRIED IT OUT AT THE STORE . WE WERE SO EXCITED TO GIVE IT TO HIM FOR CHRISTMAS BECAUSE HE HAD LIKED IT SO MUCH . CHRISTMAS MORNING HE WAS THRILLED BUT THAT ONLY LASTED FOR ABOUT 2 HOURS . RIGHT FROM THE START HE HAD A DIFFICULT TIME TURNING THE HANDLE TO LOWER THE CLAW . ONE OF THE ADULTS HAD TO DO IT FOR HIM . AFTER ABOUT 2 HOURS WE WERE NOT ABLE TO LOWER IT AT ALL . IT SEEMS TO BE A POOR DESIGN FOR THIS AGE GROUP . TRENT IS TWO AND A HALF . WE LOVED EVERYTHING ELSE ABOUT IT AND SO DID HE . UNFORTUNATELY FOR THE COST , 2 HOURS OF PLAY WAS NOT WORTH IT .
 I have twin 2 year 4 month old boys who are very interested in trucks . We bought them these after playing with coin operated ones at a local park . They play with them every single day . They figured out the locking mechanism within 1 day , so there was no need to make the changes suggested by another reviewer . I 'd wait and see how your child does . The only negative thing for me is that the black bar that keeps the scooping arm in place comes out - granted it 's not easy - but they figured it out after a month and are constantly taking it apart now .
 My 1 year old loves to climb on and off and push it around . He has not quite figured out how to move the arm up and down but that will come with age .
 I bought this for my son 's 2nd birthday , since he is a construction truck fanatic . After reading the other reviews , I was prepared for the minor tweaking that this toy required -LRB- ie , taking apart the locking mechanism , which is VERY EASY if you follow the other reviewer 's advice -RRB- . This is a definite must , as my son was frustrated immediately with the toy as the manufacturer made it . BUT after the locking mechanism was removed this toy is incredible and he plays with it in the sandbox all the time . It is BY FAR his favorite toy and has held up to the wear and tear of the sand pretty well . Great buy and one very cool toy .
 This toy is great for little boys or girls who love equipment . I got this item for my son 2 nd birthday gift and he just loves it . It is a tiny tractor and it is just like his grandpa 's tractor so which makes him a very happy little boy . THIS IS A GREAT ITEM .
 My son received this for this 2nd birthday . He loves it ! It is run to sit on and ride it on the floors . It does make cool sounds . It is good practice to work the bucket . I am sure it will get a lot of use . Good value for the money . His older brother , who is 6 , also thinks it is fun . Easy to assemble .
 This is a great toy . The kids love it . The only problem is the sand . If it gets full with sand you need to clean it out . So after every use in the sand you need to clean it .
 My son got this at his 3rd birthday party . He was way into construction toys and this seemed great . And it is great , but my only complaint about it is that it 's hard to turn the handle part for the scooper to lower . Once it 's down , he could work it . But I found myself constantly having to turn the handle for him , and sometimes it was hard for me to do!Otherwise it really is a fun toy for the price you pay . and any little boy who loves to dig , will love this .
 We bought the excavator for our two year old son and it was a hit ! Not only he loved it but quickly became his favorite toy . My nephew , age 6 liked it so much he asked for one for his birthday . My girls love to play with it , as well.The advantage of not having electronic parts makes it a great outdoor toy , also promotes imaginative playing .
 My 2 year old was so excited to get on this big toy and the thrill is still lasting . There is a review in here that gives very simple instructions to make this toy playable . The arm locks and is difficult even for adults to unlock however It is so simple to fix this it is well worth the effort . If I did not read that review and did not know how to unlock arm I would not like the toy much and it would frusterate kids . So take my advice find that review on how to disable thr red lock mechanism and it is a great toy . The process takes all of four minutes . Enjoy
 For the money it is the greatest . I bought it a year ago . This is what you need to do to make it fun . You have to disable the excavator lock that holds up the arm . It does not need the lock . It frustrates kids . You have remove the screws that hold the arm together . Remove the small spring that snaps in the locking piece . Remove the locking piece . You do not need this lock because there is a bigger spring in the grey cylinder that can hold the arm up . Sand may get into this cylinder and bind it up . However it can be worked clean and does not break . Screw together again . Another thing is that the rotation of the arm is limited to left and right by a few degrees . Look under the unit and cut/grind off the turning limiting knob for full rotation . Now you have the most amazing toy on the beach . If it breaks buy another for parts .
 I purchased this toy for my 2 year old son a year ago . He loved the toy , but upon taking it out of the box the arm was broken and would not lift nor lower . We contacted the company and they sent a replacement arm . Within a few months of only light , indoor play , the arm broke again exposing a large piece of metal . Once again , the toy is not able to be used until a replacement arm arrives . The manufacturer has replaced the arm without hesitation , but it is frustrating to my son.When it is operational , my son loves it .
 I Bought this for my three year old son last year for christmas . He loved the toy and would not get off of it . The problems began several months later when the weather became warm and we took it ouside for use in the sandbox . My son could not turn the handle to make the digging claw go down . Even I had difficulty doing this but managed . The next problem came because the digger handle is made of plastic . It cracked and broke off . I was able to glue this back on with crazy glue as the toy had bareley been used and the handle then broke again in a second place . I was really annoyed because my son loved the toy and it was not an inexpensive toy to purchase . I had already thrown out the box and was unable to find the company name where I purchased it or I would have returned the toy for a full refund . Even though it looks great the durability will just be a giant dissapointment to your child when the handle breaks and it can no longer be used .
 mY SON WHO JUST TURNED 2 GOT THIS FOR HIS BIRTHDAY AND HE ABSOLUTLY LOVES IT . hE IS VERY ROUGH AND IT HOLDS UP TO HIM . GREAT GIFT FOR ANY BOY . MY 4 AND 1/2 ALSO LOVES IT . THEY FIGHT OVER IT .
 This is a great idea for a toy . My son was beside himself when we bought it and could n't wait to play with it . Not so fast ! While the scoop is easy to handle , the knob to lower the scoop close to the ground is impossible for children and extremely difficult for adults to turn . My son kept having to ask for help after every scoop since the arm automatically relocks in the up position . I finally gave up and duct taped the tab that locks it up and now he can play with it by himself . Be aware when you buy this that this is a major flaw !
 My son got it for his 3rd birthday & loves it . He can move it & operate it just fine . He puts things in the scoop & pretends to dump them . Great for his age group . GREAT FOR THE PRICE !!! The track comes off easily , but goes right back on . May not stand up to much abuse . The size of your toddler could be an issue . If your toddler is big for his age , this ride on may be too small . My son is around 35 lbs & it works well for him .
 I purchased this toy for my 3 year old Nephew that lives across the US from me . My brother told me my Nephew loved the toy , it was his favorite birthday gift . My nephew is tall for his age & this toy fit him perfectly . He figured out the locking mechanism very quickly & has not had any problems with it . The toy is very durable , as a matter of fact my Nephew rode down a very large hill on it -LRB- on accident -RRB- . It did not break or even tip over , it kept him completely safe . I highly recommed this toy , His sisters ages 10 months & 5 years old also love it & play on it when allowed . He has become the hit on his block
 This was a Birthday gift for my grandson that just turned 2 . . It was an instant hit for him . . he justed loved , and would not even get off to open the other gifts ... It was easy for him to operate and move around . . I know that he will enjoy it this summer in the sandbox ... great toy . .
 I had her when I was 11 then I lost her that was sad saw her here and Wanted to make her a part of the princess family again.I hope my girls Love as much as I did and still do she is Lovly and her pink dress is Pritty too .
 My uncle was assigned to one of these in WWII and based on the research I 've done this is a faithful and realistic reproduction of the Sherman tank . The sandbagging was done to help ward off attacks from the superior German tanks they went up against .
 I used to play w / this puzzle game on the newspaper and then made my way to small booklets that i bought at the bookstore . Eventually my kids and I got 3 electronic handhelds for Christmas and I ca n't imagine life w/o one of these gizmos . I have nothing bad to say about this unit . Pretty good and easy to use . Great for people who dont want to control using hands and instead using the little pen that comes with the unit.I recommend this product to players .
 I received this sudoku handheld for christmas as a gift . I started to get into sudoku a few months ago . while i still like to clip out the newspaper clipping , this handheld lets me take my growing gaming addiction on the go . there are n't many buttons so it 's pretty intuitive on what to push to make it work . hope this helps !
 This wallet is well made and very durable , we went through many purses and other bags before finally getting this durable wallet for my daughter it has worked great
 My 3 and 2 yr old grandsons love this old fashioned toy . Theysit and watch it for hours . I can remember as a child watching thefigures go by . A simple joy that captivates and builds imagination.They do n't seem to lose interest in it , and do n't have to wait longbefore it is their turn , so they play together peacefully . Worth it !
 My granddaughter is very rough and the fact that this top is metal is very good . She loves it . She has enjoyed carrying it while spinning .
 It 's a good solid toy . My child enjoys it . it makes a train-like sound when goes really fast . It is a veryNON-frustrating toy , as it is easy to use , interesting to watch and hard to break .
 I bought the humming top for my 20 month old grandson . He is fasinated by it and lo and behold the 10 year old granddaughter thinks it is great!There still a place for the good old fashioned toys that have past the test of time !!
 My daughter wanted a My Little Pony -LRB- Pinkie Pie -RRB- for her birthday , but I got this for her instead . You can stab it , drown it , set it on fire , and drop it in acid , and it still keeps going strong ! My only complaint is the killing , the non-stop ruthless godless killing . Other than that , it 's adorable !
 I bought this to scare my nephew , and now its gone - all that 's left is the trinket thing it was wearing .
 Ive wanted this ever since I saw the film with Karen Black when I very young and saw the movie on TV like the rest of the country ! Now I own it and could ` nt be more happier ! However the chain should have been at least spray painted gold and come with a scroll on the back ground of the doll as well as a wooden box if not a fake one for appearence 's sake but all in all this is one fantastic replica !
 If they 'd reissue these and lower the price ... maybe BELOW $ 100.00 ??????? I saw them awhile back for $ 80.00 and I would definately want one at that price ... Truly a classic !!!
 Ever since I bought this doll , my wife has begun checking under the bed.I mean , it 's He Who Kills!We 're both movie buffs and this is one more collectible to add to our -LRB- already too large -RRB- collection.If you enjoyed watching Karen Black in `` Trilogy of Terror '' , this is for you .
 I was in the 5th grade when Trilogy of Terror aired , and I remember staying up to watch it . It was weeks before I got a good nights sleep after that ! This has freaked out so many of my friends and family when they notice it standing there ... everyone loves it !
 I love the movie this doll is from and I love the doll also ! I may get another one when they are in stock again . I had to wait until they were back in stock this time and I am soooooo glad they got them in again . I have the sweet little guy on my fireplace mantel and I always get a thrill when I look over at him . I have got to watch the movie again while holding him . We call him Junior , and I make my partner give him a kiss before leaving for work . If you are a fan of the movie this is a MUST HAVE !!
 Got the Zuni Today and it is a great Copy of the Movie Doll , The chain fell off right after I opened the Box , But I was able to get it back on him before any trouble !!!!! I remember having Nightmares from hell after watching this Movie as a Kid In 1975 , and Now to own the Zuni fetish doll is a thrill . They could have made the Chain Gold as in the Movie , But it is Ok as is.His Pants are held on with velcro and the Glue does not hold well on this , But a dab Of super glue fixed that.also the spear that was Glued in his hand fell off , But again the Super glue fixed that too.The Mouth Moves and has a Nice stand -LRB- he will not stand without it -RRB- This is a Must Buy for anyone who Loves this Movie !!! I am very glad I found One . I just Hope the Chain does Not come off when I am Not around !!!!!
 Very authentic replica doll . The `` pants '' were cheap and not fastened properly , and promptly fell off . But other than that he appears just like in the movie . Even the eyes seem to have an eerie glow . I should mention that I enjoy playing with him , and not just treating `` Zuni '' as a collectible . As a result , the spear broke off , as it was just glued to his hand . But I am careful not to let the chain fall off , else he may come to life ... COME TO LIFE !!!
 Movie scared the crap outta me way back when . Now I get to share it with my kids , and the doll was an extra nice touch . Cooool .
 Very sweet doll and my 5-year-old grandson loves him . He goes everywhere including into the water . His arms are a little chubby so many pre-made clothes for twelve inch dolls are snug . Great value .
 I bought this model for my Dad for Christmas , we had a 69 Cuda when I was a kid and it was his pride and joy . He was very excited to open this on Christmas day and I was equally excited to see his face . I had looked in quite a few stores for this model with no luck , I was very happy to have found it here .
 Here is my son 's review.A very durable toy , Doedicurus is the best of the safari mammals . It is rather small , at only 4 inches long , but is portable . This toy blows all other Glyptodont toys millions of miles away . It is a must-have for any Safari Ltd. collector .
 Except for the fact that many of the pieces do n't line up correctly , or do n't have alignment pins , it was a pretty good model . I have been building model kits for 35 years , and this one was quite fun
 My sons have one of these cars , in original box -LRB- packaging is slightly diminished -RRB- , and we 've held onto it for many years because we thought it was some kind of unintended packaging mistake ! The package says `` School Bus ; '' the bus is labeled `` Police . `` Does anyone out there know the history of this model ? Was it a factory mistake ? Is this toy supposed to release childhood fantasies about the terrors of bus transportation ? Is this the vehicle of choice for local police academy ? Or are we to think that convicts too must need to hop on a school bus to get to their continuing education classes at the local community college?I hope to hear that it was a fluke at the factory and that these Hot Wheels are now worth hundreds , similar to a rare double stamped coin or misprinted piece of currency.What were they thinking ?!
 My 4 year old grand-daughter requested maracas for Christmas . These were actually larger than expected . She was pleased with them . They do only have a few bead inside so the sound is n't `` full '' but she is perfectly happy with them .
 Bought as a Christmas gift . Grandson has n't received yet , but we are sure he will love it . So well made for the price .
 These are almost full sized maracas , but my 9 month son is able to hold them . I would n't recommmend them for too much younger though . They did seem to come with some kind of shiny finish on them , but we wiped them down with a wet paper towel and that seemed to remove some of the glossiness which we did n't want him to eat.He has banged them on our hardwood floor quite vigorously and a lot and these show no sign of breaking or cracking . They are currently one of his favorite toys .
 This figurine does justice to the original Battlestar Galactica series . I would recommend this item to others that are Battlestar Galactica fans .
 Although this puzzle is meant for ages 2 + my son is almost one and he plays with it -LRB- supervised -RRB- every single day . In fact he plays with it in soooo many different ways I can not even begin to list them all here . Yes the sounds do n't sound very realistic to the instruments they are meant to portray but my husband is a musician and even he does n't care . If you want to teach your child about instrument sounds then buy him or her some instruments - do n't cheap out and buy them a $ 10 puzzle . Also , the makers of this puzzle have never stated that the sounds are realistic . In my opinion , it is just suppose to be a fun little puzzle with added music to make putting the instruments in their places more enjoyable for little ones . My son definately enjoys the various renditions of `` old McDonald '' very much . Additionally , some reviewers have complained about the puzzle going off at night but we have never had this problem and have had the toy for many months now . However , when my son is finished playing with the puzzle I always make sure that all of the pieces are back in their place . Especially since he is too young to put them back himself and half of the fun for him is getting them out of their designated spots .
 I bought this for my son 's 3rd birthday and for some reason it would randomly play the instruments , like it was haunted . Any who , I called M & D customer service and they very happily put a replacement puzzle , for free , in the mail that day . I will continue to buy these toys as long as they make them .
 Melissa and Doug make exceptional puzzles . The musical instruments are colorful and the pieces are a perfect size for little fingers to manipulate into place . Even the sound is great !
 I am not a fan to all the toys that make sounds , and through my daughter 's therapy I have learned that it is best for us to take the batteries out . This has been a great toy for my daughter , she makes believe with the instruments before putting them into the correct place .
 My kid loves this puzzle . I know the sounds arent very accurate and quite annoying if left out at night . But after every piece he dances or pretends to play whatever instrument it is ! Its a lot of fun to do with him and he will often do the puzzle multiple times before moving on to another quieter puzzle .
 This was a gift for my grandson , and now my little granddaughter loves playing with it and hearing the sounds from the different instruments .
 Very nice product - good quality - the boys love it and play with it all the time - I will be buying more
 When i made my first purchase of a nitro RC car i purchased this fuel . It runs perfectly and the owner of the local hobby store said it is the brand that he would recommend . I found some nitro fuel that was cheaper the nitrotane and it did n't run as great as the monster horsepower . If you are looking for some good quality nitro rc fuel this the only type to get .
 good deal on this fuel and shipping was fast . used it today and it made the truck get up and go
 This game used to have an online community and match making system . It was phenomenal , but then it was no longer supported.Even without online support however , it still features a fun campaign mode with some good side puzzles . The offline game has all the Marvel VS sets through Avengers . A must own for VS fans , and one of the best TCG video games ever made .
 This game is a great card game . It is like magic where you have to have certain number of special cards in order to bring out others . But like I said I dont know what cd I download but it was 5gb in memory I contacted the main page and they where clueless to what I bought . But overall it is a good game
 This product is awesome . This particular model comes with just about everything you can think of . The attention to detail is astonishing . Every little piece is set just right to line up for the other . Most of them actually lock each other in place , ensuring that it will not explode if you knock it over while dusting or something . This Gundam has a lot of articulation and is a must have for any Gundam Fan .
 These teethers have been well-liked by my baby and he has used them plenty , even now , at almost one year old , he still chews on them . A good thing about these teethers is that they float in the water , so one can take them to bath .
 My son loves these ! We have taken them to many places and other kids are always interested in them too . They are very durable and have nice surfaces for teething .
 My 6 month old son loves the keys . I took them off the ring and he plays with the keys and the ring . We have several teethers , but he only uses this one . Not only that , the keys float in the tub and likes fishing for it with his hands . Pros
 My son has n't quite grasped that these keys are for chewing , but he does like looking at them . They are bright and colorful . The texture is also rubbery and seems like it will be good for nomming on .
 Have n't used them yet but will when he gets ready to teeth . they looked cute and i like the bright colors . .
 I REALLY LIKED THEM , BUT MY BABY DOES N'TEVEN PAY ATTENTION TO THEM FOR SOME REASON , THEY SEEM FUN TO PLAY WITH TO ME BUT I GUESS SHE RATHER CHEW ON MOMMYS SHIRT :{ ... SHE DOES LIKE THE LITLE TAGS ON IT . .
 I found this toy colorful and nicely made . Bulky for under 6 months old hand . Really loves black and white ball at end .
 This toy is pretty heavy for my 5 month old , but because if the removable keys , he can still play with it minus a key or two . The weird black and white ball is what gets my son 's attention right away , but the sound the key make is a nice clacking sound and keeps him interested . The keys also have rubbery nubs on them so they provide a nice sensory experience . But the best thing about these keys is the little ribbon shreds at the top of the striped ball ... My son is in love and caresses them and chews on them whenever he plays with this . It 's pretty funny . Good quality toy .
 I am pleased with the quality of this product . My 7 month old likes it . Bright with different textures . She chews on everything ! Big enough pieces that she ca n't shove the entire thing in her mouth
 With the bold colors and cool patterns and the ability to freeze them , these are my daughters favorite teething toy ... right next to sophie the giraffe
 This is a chunky teether with a lot of textural differentiation from key to key . It is colorful and enthralling for some babies , but it is a bit heavy . Make sure your little one can life a stuffed animal or sippy cup before you buy this one . Otherwise , this is a great teether . Durable and useful . Doubles as a toy sometimes . : -RRB-
 The baby loved the texture and shape of the Nuby keys and both the handle and ball made it easy for her to grasp and hold .
 This toy was larger than I thought it would be ! It 's really cute and the bright colors contrast nicely with the black and white part . We 've attached it to my granddaughter 's changing table as a minor distraction . Love that it has different textures which should come in handy once she starts teething .
 Baby loved it - bright colors , easy to hold and manipulate , interesting textures to chew on ; good value in the teether department
 WOW ! IS ALL I CAN SAY!VERY WELL MADE !!! Could be used when going to Disney or for Halloween costume.One of my DD 's favorite dress up sets
 I got this for my 11 year old son for Christmas . He likes it and says it is fun but that it does n't teach you anything or stretch your mind . It is kind of slow paced and therefore not super exciting but still fun . We have only played it once or twice compared to the many times we have played the other games we got for Christmas , I guess we lean towards more strategic games around here . That being said I am still glad we got it becuase we love the Narnia books and this gives the kids one more way to interact with the stories .
 I chose this rating because I am a big fan of the Fantastic Four and Invisible Woman 's powers are awesome . I recommend this product to people who believe in the power of invisibility .
 Love the classic Universal Monsters . Matches up well with the Dracula and Phantom of the Opera . Put out every year as part of Halloween decorations .
 If I were still a kid , these would be the best dolls ever . As an `` adult collector '' I got a kick out of their size and the sculpts -- which are kind of cheesy and a bit cartoony . At the same time , the sculpts on the faces are kind of disappointing for the `` adult '' in me . As are the bodies . These are not high-end 12 inch bodies . They have limited articulation , and are little better than a cheap 12 '' G.I. Joe . The Wolfman is the best of the bunch , which is what I purchased the set for -- him I like and was n't that disappointed in . The Monster and The Mummy are not half-as-cool and seem rushed and poorly designed . But , like I say , the Wolfman was the reason for my purchase , and I was pleased enough with him -- and again , if I were 15 or younger , I would have TOTALLY loved these !
 I became a fan of Easy Model 1/72 scale models while looking for a UH34D `` Choctaw '' helicopter -LRB- circa 1960 's -RRB- with USMC markings . The only manufactuer who makes this replica in several different marking schemes is Easy Model . I was so impressed with the chopper I bought another 60 's era helicopter and three WWII `` war birds '' from Easy Model . I have over 40 models virtually from every popular manufactuer , in all scales -LRB- mostly 1/72 -RRB- , covering land , sea and air machines from all eras.I recently added tanks to my ever growing displays . Two 1/72 scale U.S. WWII tanks from Unimax Forces of Valor and two WWII tanks , this M-26 Pershing and a German King Tiger from Easy Model . The great thing about Easy Model is they give you a broad range of unit markings for a very reasonable price . The Easy Model replicas are as nicely detailed as the Unimax Forces of Valor Tanks and planes . Easy Model items do n't have as many moving parts as the more expensive Forces of Valor but these are static display scale replicas meant to be displayed and not played with.Bottom line
 I bought these for a gift , and the person I gave them to loved them ! They were cute and fun , and we hung them on glasses at her next party .
 excellent puzzle that fits together easily , love white mountain puzzles!Its also a colerful , great looking puzzle when together
 This game is a great compact size for traveling and storing . The questions are fun and thought-provoking , and we 're going to enjoy using this during family game nights ! ` Definitely a keeper .
 ARRIVED IN AWESOME SHAPE AND FAST SERVICE . ALOT OF FUN TO PLAY AND VERY EDUCATIONAL . WE HAVE FRIENDS OVER TO PLAY THIS GAME AND IT IS WORTH THE MONEY .
 The game is made well and travels easily . It 's also very easy to play . If you 've ever played Trivial Pursuit you wo n't need any instructions . We took it on a weekend trip and the only problem we had was that we went through the cards after a couple of hours . After a few games it 's hard not to get the same questions on the same cards . There 's no reason , though , that you ca n't refill it with different cards from any Trivial Pursuit version for your next trip .
 This raft is very nice ! Love that you do n't have to blow it up ! :-RRB- The kids love it in the pool . You will get wet when laying on it , but not entirely soaked . And it 's easy to get on and off without flipping yourself into the pool . : -RRB-
 Great float for the money . Very comfortable . Have bought more expensive floats in the past that cracked and broke . The only difference I see is the head rest and the thickness . The more expensive ones did not last very long and were not worth the extra expense .
 Float holds weight well , is comfortable and easy to use . I have no complaints at all and would recommend . It is used in the lake .
 Great product perfect at the lake . Have tried several others these last and can endure small children and large dogs climbing on them without puncturing or tearing . Well worth the money . At my local pool supply place they were $ 139 .
 A good product . I have no complaints . If you intend this to be used by people over 180 lbs I recommend getting a 2 '' version rather than this one -LRB- which is 1 1/2 '' or 1 and 3/4 '' or so -RRB- . The idea of this kind of float is to sunbath while floating in the pool , but if you 're too heavy and try to lay on your stomach you may not be able to keep your face above the water comfortably.I 'm not marking it down in other categories for any particular reason , just did n't think `` fun '' was the best description for a lounging float . Also , I 'm forced to rate the durability and educational value of this `` toy '' which seem stupid because its not educational , and I have n't had it long enough to rate its durability -LRB- though it seems like it will be fine -RRB- .
 If you love WWII models but dont feel like putting them together this is for you . The detail is amazing . A great addiction to any collection . Even my wife has grown to enjoy my military model collection . Cant say enough good things about this product . You will want to buy more when you open the box .
 its a great sign to have above your desk , toolbox , or whatever your profession is . it actually really helps with morale because every time i look at it , it always gets a chuckle out of me . great product
 Not that there 's anything wrong with a 24x36 '' poster ... My subject line just about says it all.Though do hope your boss appreciates the dark humor in the message of this item ... : -RRB-
 We love Futurama and this sign was purchased for my son 's office cubicle . I think this will crack him up . Now how about some Red Dwarf collectibles !
 GREAT ITEM - UNAVAILABLE IN UK - FAST OVERSEAS SHIPPING - WOULD USE AGAIN - HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
 I bought this chess set as a birthday gift for my husband who is very into chess . He absolutely loves it and so do I. It 's a very beautiful set and we will enjoy it for years to come .
 My son loves Thomas the Train . We thought we 'd add another to the collection . Even though Culdee does n't seem to be in alot of the Thomas shows , he gets alot of attention at our home !
 My daughter needed her own train ... Purple of course ! This fit the bill ! Cute , well made train just like you would expect from Thomas stuff .
 Ring was fairly easy to put together . The 6 posts were a little hard to push in but , not bad . I bought this for my nephew for Christmas after showing him my `` Best of AJ STYLES VOL . 1 '' . He 's just about to turn 7 and was not really into wrestling until seeing AJ 's magic on DVD ! He asked if I could get him some AJ Styles stuff for Christmas and I bought the only 1 left on Amazon.com at the time . He 's constantly playing with it and it seems to be very durable . Definitely recommend this and the TNA brand to anyone looking .
 the ring is fun.but , putting in the turn post was really getting me angry.for people that are gon na buy it , wen u put the turn posts in , apply some pressure.because if u do n't , it keeps falling.and putting to much can break the post.i like how they gave u the aj styles figure.unlike the wwe figures , on the bak of the figure , there 's a thing where wen u push it down , the arms moves.so i 'd sey this was a good deal for 16.99
 I LOVE AJ STYLES ABILITY HE GRABBED MY ATTENTION WHEN I WAS WATCHING SOME OF HIS HIGHLIGHTS ON TNA IMPACT IN APRIL RIGHT BEFORE HARD JUSTICE . HE IS MY FAVORITE WRESTLER AND ALWAYS WILL BE . I WISH I COULD MEET HIM BUT I LIVE IN MISSISSIPPI AND HE LIVES IN GAINSVILLE GEORGIA . I LOVE THE SPIRIAL TAP , STYLES CLASH , PAY LAY , THE FLIP DIVE , AND I COULD GO ON IN ON . HE IS THE BEST ATHLEIT IN THE WORLD , I GOT EVEYTHING OF HIM ACTION FIGURES , SHIRTS , DVDS , AND ANYTHING ELSE AJ . I WANT TO GROW UP AND BE LIKE HIM AND BECOME THE 2ND ONLY PERSON EVER TO BE A TRIPLE CROWN WINNER IN THE BEST BUISNESS IN THE WORLD TNA . GO AJ AND GO WIN BACK YOUR X DIVISION CHAMPIONSHIP FROM SOMOA JOE . I CANT STAND SOMOA JOE . GOOD LUCK .
 Charges a glow ignitor battery quick and then switches to trickle charge . It 's supposed to charge the average ignitor in 20 minutes , mine took about 35 minutes , I think because I have high capacity battery in it . Still a lot faster than the stock charger that comes with the ignitor .
 I have had 3 or 4 of these for my boys over the years . They love them . You pull them back , let go and they shoot forward and the propellor spins . While the plane is quite sturdy , little fingers will break the propellor eventually . My kids still liked them once broken but not as well . I am sure I let my kids play with them at a younger age then you are suppose to , but that is when they are most facinated . They used them heavily from age 2-6 . If you do n't want to deal with the propellor , look for the Jet Blue or AirForce One pull backs . They wo n't break -LRB- but are n't quite as cool -RRB- .
 My son received this toy for his 7th birthday . He loves legos and building things and he thought this was very cool . He put it together very quickly but still has fun `` racing '' it . I thought it was a great toy so I bought 3 more to give for gifts this christmas .
 I bought this as a gift for one of my grandsons . It was a unique gift and I think he will have alot of fun with it .
 I bought it for my son and I think I 've done the best for him . It 's very easy and enjoyable to play . I recommend it for everyone .
 I purchased Ivan II , Talking Chess for my 11 year old daughter . My daughter learned chess using this game quickly and easily . The features in the game makes learning fun and exciting . I recommend this game for anyone who wants to learn chess . I think it 's a very good value for the money .
 I bought it , received it clean and cute and gave it to my boyfriend . The person who shipped it must have done a great job .
 This is ideal size for kids . He is very durable and can hold up . Each one is different , the spots are ranndom on the fabric , so they fall random on the dog , so no two are exactly alike .
 Very nice book for young children to read . My daughter loves it and always makes me read it to her . She loves that the story is read to her . She can also interact while the book is being read .
 very nicely made . great for ages 2-7 my daughter loves conderella
 We found this toy at the pediatrician 's office . My daughter loved it so much that we are getting her one for Christmas . She especially liked the rocket portion of this toy .
 We got this for our daughter 's first birthday . Although she did n't take to it right away , she plays with it almost every other day . It was challenging around 12 - 13 months , getting her hands to do what her brain was thinking , but she 's 17 months now and loves to move all the pieces around , back and forth . It keeps her attention and the soft pieces are definitely a plus . The base is heavy for obvious reasons , but be careful when leaving your toddler out of sight with it . My daughter tries to pick it up and move it and I 'm always afraid she 'll drop it on her toes . Very durable product . I 'm sure it will last through more kids handling it .
 If this were your only maze toy , it would be fine , but as we already have one , this adds nothing more . We are big fans of Educo in general and already have their amazing Down on the Farm Discovery Box maze , which I highly recommend . We decided to purchase another maze toy since our 7 month old daughter likes the Farm Discovery Box so much , and we did n't want to have to lug it up and down the stairs . For some reason , I expected this toy to have additional features -LRB- like some kind of propelling mechanism -RRB- but perhaps that was my misreading into the name `` countdown '' and the rocket theme . In actuality , it is a simple maze with no additional features , and none of the interesting add-ons that the mazes that sit on top of a box offer . Also , some of the pieces are a material -LRB- rubber ? -RRB- other than wood . We will probably keep it , but if I were to do it again , I would choose one that sits on a box and offers some games on the box faces along with the maze .
 Nice and durable , my daughter played with it enough that it made it worth the value . Of course it 's not the most fun toy in the whole world but its simple and it did the trick . I liked that at first she could n't get the beads very far with one hand so it taught her to switch off hands .
 Another product in a great line of toys . If you have a young son , it 's hard to go wrong with these fine toys
 My girls -LRB- ages 2-6 -RRB- loved this book . It kept them busy !
 bought this bowling pin for people to sign at a bowling party . the item arrived on time and was exactly as described . it was a wonderful product and everybody loved it . the only problem was that it arrived with two dents in it , and they could not be removed . that is my only criticism of a really wonderful product .
 I bought this for my niece and nephew who are 1 1/2 and 3 1/2 . The 3 1/2 liked it better . The pins are SO cute . I bought the pins shaped like rabbits . My nephew caught on quickly how to set the pins up and understood which one was the `` king pin '' and that it always goes in front . -LRB- The king pin has a crown and jacket !! -RRB- . The only negative is that the cones that the rabbits are attached to are shaped so that the narrow end sits on the floor . Sometimes he had to set a couple up twice because little hands might find it hard to balance them initally . Overall , it 's a cute toy and very durable ... great quality . The company shipped as promised and was easy to deal with , also .
 I ca n't wait to surprise my son with this Bowling Pin Bank @ his bowling party . The guests will have enough room to sign their names and my son can also store his money in it . And this company shipped super fast . Received it within days of placing the order . Thank You !!!
 This was a great gift for my nephew ! Not only is it bowling but the pins are cute little bunnies ! They are not loud either , a major plus . And at almost three years , he had no problem using the game .
 I am big Trekkie fan and collect the cards and my goal to get the complete set of cards to my collection .
 If you love military models but appear to be too dumb to put them together than this is for you . The detail is incredible , Well made . Great display piece .
 All the Thomas train products are great . We love them all . Great for kids using their own imaginations instead of watching tv .
 Arthur is a new character featured in the 2004 video release `` New Friends for Thomas '' . He is a big tank engine who shunts trucks and pulls freight . He is as excited to work for Sir Topham hatt as he is proud of his famous spotless record . Only time will tell if that record will stay as spotless as Arthur would like!Arthur is one of my son 's newest trains , and comes in an attractive burgundy color . He has held up well with lots of play , and my son enjoys playing with him.A very colorful addition to the Thomas collection !
 This is a great toy your child will have hours of fun . There is a huge selection of trains and cars etc. . It 's fun getting a whole track together . Well crafted and paint does not chip easily .
 This is only a toy , but this is a serious toy . The `` educational value '' of the toy is more a consideration than one might think . This was for my two-year-old grandson who has just about every Thomas toy imaginable . The importance I see in toys like this is the way the boy uses them to create an imaginary word using the toy set . He also makes friends with the toys . But that could be true with most toys . What I like here , though , is that he actually builds the world , not just in his mind , but physically . This is an important lesson , I think . And it has lasting appeal . His family , my daughter and son in law , he and his smaller sister , are in Germany for at least three years while my son in law serves as an Army doctor . I get an email with the latest track design every few days , so I see what the boy is doing.But here is something even more important . Because the item was going to Germany , I asked the vendor to handle the order quickly . Well they must have living , breathing people there , because I got the toy in a couple days , with a nice note indicating how delighted they were to help out . That meant more than you can imagine , and this vendor is in my address book for any toy purchases that I do n't make locally . This is a rare thing in this new internet world , and is much appreciated . Much appreciated.The choice of this particular toy was because ? It is named `` Arthur '' , and my name is Arthur . He has most of the others , and my daughter was smart in not buying him that one , saving it for me . But he calls me `` Poppa '' . Hope this helps the reader , and really hope this helps this very special vendor !
 Valeera Sanguinar Blood Elf Rogue is one great figure!The detail and articulation is amazing!The articulation on the body armor and face is some of the best you will find.Valeera is in one sweet battle pose with the hair looking as if it is blowing in the wind while the cape looks as if it is doing the same.This is one of the sexiest Blood Elf Rogue figures you will hope to find with all the features having a sweet realistic touch.This is a must have for any World of Warcraft fan.Bottom line Valeera is a well-made , high quality ,10 out of 10 figure that all World of Warcraft fans will enjoy.Valeera Rocks !!!
 I 've had this action figure for a few days now and it looks freggin ' awesome , I am very pleased with it ! However , I have heard that it is n't very durable and will eventually begin to fall -LRB- literally -RRB- head-over-heels due to being top-heavy . I can not prove or disprove this myself as I have not removed it from it 's original packaging , so if you want to take it out of the box , my comment wo n't be of much use . I can comment on how she looks , and I must say the paint job and attention to detail in the plastic is very well done -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . It looks great hanging on my ` Warcraft Wall ' with my other WoW action figures and Warcraft-related items . My only `` complaint '' about Valeera is that she 's supposed to be a Rogue , but she does n't have two weapons , just one - why ! Regardless , that is n't really a problem , just a little discrepancy between the toy and the video game itself . Either way I highly recommend it to any true WoW-geek who collects WoW-related items.I 've also uploaded a photo of this figure in its packaging .
 I bought this in June 2010 , along withWorld of Warcraft Series 5
 I would suggest this toy for any hardcore fans of World of Warcraft . I love these fleshed out action figures they 've come out with . The detail is amazing , I would have to give it a 9/10 score . A well made piece for your collection and something I always enjoy looking at .
 Valeera is so cool - in fact , she 's my favorite of this series of WoW action figures . -LRB- I have all of them , because I 'm a big WoW-geek . -RRB- She 's got a lot of great detailing on her outfit , like the `` jewel '' insets and ripples in her cloak . She even has a few thin bloodied cuts on her legs , as if she 's in the middle of a big fight -LRB- which she is , if you refer to the artwork on which this pose is based -RRB- . I gave her 4 out of 5 stars for durability , because she was unbalanced enough that she fell off my bookcase and one of the clear plastic discs on her feet cracked off , but she 's as good as new with a dab of Krazy Glue.I 'm not sure why the previous reviewer thought she was poor-quality - although she 's not the Most Amazing action figure I 've ever seen , she still looks great and has much more energy and motion in her pose/hair/clothing than many other female action figures I own.She 's described as an `` action figure '' , but she 's not very articulated . Personally , I have no problem with this because I 'm not playing with her - I 'm displaying her . I suppose a young child could find her lack of movement irritating , but I 'm going to take a wild guess that 99.9 % of the Valeera action figures are being purchased by adult WoW fans , not for little kids.Overall , Valeera rocks . I just wish Blizzard would make more cool female action figures !
 This one is hard to come by . It 's from the Series 1 collection . Originally you could get this for around $ 20 . Now I see them going for $ 80 . This is a good addition to any World of Warcraft action figure collection .
 I know nothing of CS but boyfriend is obsessed . Never seen him glow like he did when he opened this . Package in good condition , he wo n't open it or I would provide further details . Quick delivery , exactly as it is shown . .
 My 2 year old son is a devoted Thomas enthusiast . The ice car was a gift for his birthday . He also has an affinity for trucks so I thought this would be a good fit as it has a bit of a train/truck hybrid look to it . I love that the crane can actually pick up the block of ice and move it via the small magnet at the end of the string . My son is n't quite old enough to find this enthralling yet but I think it 's just a matter of time . My only concern is the ice block itself is relatively small . My son has a 9 month old younger sister who puts everything in her mouth so we 're constantly keeping tabs on the whereabouts of the ice block to avoid introducing a choking hazard .
 This is a great toy your child will have hours of fun . There is a huge selection of trains and cars etc. . My child loves picking up the block of ice and pretending . It 's fun getting a whole track together . Well crafted and paint does not chip easily .
 My son was very happy to receive the product.He plays with it all the time .
 for me , it 's big enough . it 's really good for video game , it makes 6 hours of gaming goes like 3 .
 The material the beanbag is made of is excellent in quality and well put together . I researched several beanbags before purchasing this one . My only complaint was that there was so much stuffing -LRB- beads -RRB- that there was no give to it . This was easily corrected by removing some of them -LRB- 2 kitchen garbage bags full -RRB- . I intend to use it in my den so I can relax and watch TV and for my dog to lay on when I am on my stationary bike . It will do quite well for that .
 Not the softest of materials and a little coarse . I was n't expecting it to be a great texture so I was n't that disappointed . Nothing a blanket on top ca n't fix . I was mainly worried about the size but it is decent . I 'm 5 ' 6 and I fit in it just fine .
 This was perfect . exactly what we were looking for . Some of the cheaper Bean bags we had before had no form to it . This one was the right size and is firm enough . Great buy .
 Our entire family loves this . It smelled bad at first but I let it `` off gas '' outside for 3 days and the smell dissipated . It is more red than burgundy . I got it on my birthday .
 This chair is LARGE ! I ordered it for my teenager and it 's large enough for my 6ft . husband . The stuffing is adequate and it 's definitely comfortable ! My only observation is that the color is more of a cherry red than a burgandy .
 I purchased to rid myself of a couch that my nephew lays on way too much ! So , bean bags it is for my living room that is being adjusted to satisfy me and the teenagers that are in my home visiting my nephew . However , it is large enough for an adult , but a tall male -LRB- 6 ' 2 or taller -RRB- may not find it as comfortable.They loved it , and I cant wait until the 2nd one arrives ... then I will throw out the couch .
 I purchased the ADULT size in Hunter Green because it was such a good price . We received it today in a very timely manner by Federal Express using the Free Super Saver shipping option . The size is just right for my 12 year old kids who really love it , but I do n't think it would be very comfortable for an adult . An adult would need one a bit bigger in order to get appropriate and comfortable back and leg support . The color Hunter Green actually looks like a pine tree green instead of the bright green shown in the picture . Overall , we are pleased with the product so far .
 This chair was for my 2 year old son . He LOVES it !!! and I love it too ! It great as a gaming chair and my kids love it . My 1 year old can get stuck in it because he 's not fully cordinated yet . Its really sturdy like when the kids jump on it . and it stays pretty clean . I like the cord so much better than the vinyl or just cloth . Its really comfy !
 My 12 year old daughter just got this for Christmas and loves it ! She loves how it is high up and you do n't sink low . You can push the beans up to make the pillow . The smell when you open it is mild and she did not even seem to notice . We purchased the blue jean material which is a dark navy blue color .
 i paid $ 5 for this figure on amazon . its a great deal for a well crafted and durable figure . its true to the video game and does n't cut corners with articulation . paint application is dead on to the video game as well . comes with a lot of accessories and extra yelling head . it stands at roughly 6 '' and is perfect for sparring against your DCSH batman or marvel legends iron fist . i highly recommend this figure .
 Nice action figure ... heavyweight , very chunky . Feels like it will last . Comes with a full array of accessories . My son was very pleased !
 This is the best action figure I 've ever had . He is really fun . He is super possible . He came early in the mail . I am very pleased .
 It is a great toy and we experienced a very good service . The only thing was that we wanted a wooden Fergus and we got a metallic ` take along ' Fergus . So they told us to keep that one and we ordered a wooden Fergus somewhere else .
 We have n't had any problems with our `` Fergus '' . We 've had him for about a month now and no issues . Everything is still intact .
 well made , durable toy is a personal favorite of my 2 year old train-obsessed son . All the engines in the wooden track line are quality products and I highly recommend them .
 The only down side i would say is that it is n't like an atm , where you can withdraw money by pressing buttons . In order to withdraw money you need to use the ATM-card key , and open the front door.Other than that , this item is terrific !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My daughter who is 6 years old , looooves this item.It helps her to keep track of her money . Especially change , it counts it for her , it can be a pain , if you put in tons of penny 's but kids love to do that stuff anyhow.Each time you put money in Barbie talks to you too !!!!!!!!! Great , Great , Great , Terrific !!!!!!!!!!!! We are buying one for my niece for Christmas too .
 This toys are nice , all of them with poses and faces representing well the characters . My opinion
 Great set , all the main characters , lots of fun
 My 2 1/2 yr old daughter loves these puzzles . The backs of the puzzles have a color along with the name of the animal that is on the front . This allows us to either put together a ` zebra ' or flip one over and put together the colored puzzle with the word on it . Obviously you need to keep these away from the 13-month old , b/c they are not intended for chewing . This toy is best used when brought out under adult supervision to ensure pieces are not rough handled b/c they are made out of cardboard . However , my toddler cherishes the time we spend and cheers when she seems me pulling out the box b/c its mommy time and matching/education time as well .
 Let me first say that the Hulk is not my favorite fantasy character . That said , this statue is awesome ! I have a large statue collection , but this is my favorite . It is huge and the details are incredible . It 's very realistic and old-school original style Hulk . I was very impressed with the quality of this statue . I wish I had more room in my home for the similar 1/4 scale statues put out by Sideshow .
 I wanted my grandson to have the good old ` Pac Man ' game that I enjoyed when my kids were little . He is 11 and loves it in spite of the fact that he has everything else . I think the simplicity is a nice change of pace for him and his little sister can play with him . It 's so nice to be able to just hook it up to the little TV we have here and not have to interfere with our big TV .
 This figure is very detailed and has enough joints in the right places to be posed in most of his fighting moves . Unfortunately , his large muscles hinder him from being flexible enough to do all of them , and since both his sets of hands are closed , he ca n't be easily made to look as if he were holding something . It 's a great figure of Balrog , but only a good figure on its own .
 I recently started using celluclay for various projects . I have done lots of paper mache projects and decided to give Celluclay a try . I am very pleased with it . It is kind of like a high quality paper mache with a very fine texture . Traditionally it is used to make masks but I have been using it for a whole host of other applications including as a covering over cardboard and foam . I put it over a cardboard sword and it created a very appealing Iron Age look . I put it over a foam castle and it created an excellent stone fortress look.You have a lot of control with this because you mix it with water to get any consistency you want from watery to oatmeal to clay like.Takes paint - It takes all kinds of paint very well.Drying
 I purchased this product to use in my classroom - it worked wonderful !! I was impressed by my students ability to manipulate the medium into masks we were making . The product is easy to use , and hardens well . My students made masks which were about 1/2 - 1 inches think in some areas and took about 3 days to completely harden - after which they painted the masks -LRB- the hardened Celluclay took well to the Tempra paint we used -RRB- . I do recomend using a wax or baking sheet under the wet Celluclay this way the product does not stick to anything . I also found it was best to tell my students to instead of pull and poke at the wet Celluclay they should almost `` pet '' the clay in order to manipulate it best - this helped to keep their hands less messy .
 If your child loves `` Billy and Mandy , '' and you can tolerate fart sounds , this toy is great . It has a wide range of sound bites of typical `` Billyisms . ''
 We bought this toy 2 days ago and my kids were up at 7 this morning asking for it . The biggest problem is getting them to stop playing . The lawn gets very wet and muddy . So far it seems durable and they have played hard , but they are not quite 5 years old . Even if it does rip , for $ 10 we can buy a new one . We love it !
 the kids had so much fun on it . I have a 1 1/2 & 2 1/2 yr old boys . I also babysit 6 , 9 , & 10 yr olds . They all played on it and had a blast . Other reviews said they fell apart really fast , but ours was fine . Just make sure you pick it up after they are finished with it each day . I put ours on the picnic table to let it dry out each use and they 've played on it about 10 times or so . For 10 bucks ... you ca n't go wrong !
 Seller verified color availability with me before shipping . Correct item received within 48 hours . Excellent & friendly service & item was exactly as expected .
 The clubs are quality made , bag is lightweight and there is an extra iron , sometimes they only include a 8 iron or W . This has both . For the price you can not beat this . My daughter is 9 and they will last her 3 years most likely . Definitely recommend this product . Places like Walmart etc. , may have cheaper clubs but it is worth the bit extra to buy these .
 The description and title clearly stated for ages 8-12 ! There were no specifications regarding the color when I placed my order -LRB- AMAZON changes the title and description every now and then -RRB- and after reading the comments , I thought AMAZON decided to sell just one size -- for ages 8-12 . I read the description over and over to make sure I am getting something my 10 year-old could use . It came within 2 days with my PRIME account and we were excited to open the box -LRB- by the way , the box also says `` ages 8-12 '' -RRB- . Okay , the quality of the clubs is very good and the bag is nice and it included the divider so all the different clubs are in their proper places . I actually like it a lot ... except that they sent me the purple one which is more like `` for the ages of 6-8 '' rather than 8-12 . It 's somewhat irritating that these can never be used by my 10 year old , they were too short and small ! Fortunately , I have a granddaughter who is 7 and she has shown interest in golf , so these will be going to her instead . Ordering these should come with a warning
 Like mentioned in another review , I expected pink clubs but got the purple . I ordered the Large set for my five year old -LRB- she 's very tall for her age -RRB- . Somewhere they need to do a better job of being clear on what color you will receive , or give you a choice . I did not even see purple listed . With that said , the clubs and bag seem like quality peices , well constructed and weighted . The stand bag looks like it will hold up for a few years . I think this set is well worth the price of $ 69.00 . Would give 5 stars but I will wait to see how they hold up to actually use , and the fact that I did not get the pink ones .
 Great set of clubs ... good starter set . Bag is nothing fancy but it has lots of compartments for balls , tees etc. . Seven year old daughter loved it as a birthday gift - just a little heavy for her but not too bad .
 Excellent starter set for a new junior golfer . Price and quality perfect . Recommend for anyone wanting to teach a junior golf .
 I must admit , it took longer than I thought to come in , but it was well worth the wait . They missed her June birthday party but I was able to print a picure and give her the golf balls . The clubs arrived today and they are great . Ca n't wait t to give them to her weekend .
 Bought for my granddaughter and she loves them . Great product and the price was just right . Color is just great for a little girl .
 My granddaughter loves these wooden utensils . She loves to pretend cook for all of us .
 Item was new and goodArrived as expectedI am happy with this purchase and serviceThank you !
 My 8 year old daughter loves the spyro gyro pen . It 's actually pretty cool . It comes with several different color ink nibs , and 3 different shape holders to insert on the pen that will determine the shape of the rotation of the stylus . I thought the activity book would be a nice complement to the pen , and it does have quite a few fun pictures your child can draw with the pen . However ... I would recommend your child practice getting comfortable using the pen on plan paper . They say on the package that the shiny finger painting paper works best , and we found that to be true also . The activity book comes with a spyro gyro pen , which the listing on Amazon did not disclose . I clicked on the button that said `` Buy these two together '' that showed the book and the pen separately , and I received a book and pen together , and another pen separately . I would have preferred to be able to buy them separately . I would have purchased the pen first , let her play with it on plain paper for a while , then bought the book later .
 I bought this for my daughter just before she turned 2 , and a year later it is still her favorite . The body is soft and cuddly , and she still has that sweet vanilla smell that all the Corolle babies have even a year later . My daughter takes it everywhere and sleeps with it . Very durable - ours has even been in the sandbox ! Her little dress does come off and is washable . Her face cleans up easily too . We love this brand and are planning on adding Tidoo -LRB- the bath doll -RRB- to the family this year !
 This doll is adorable , soft , and my two year old loves it !! I enjoy the nice smell of it 's face . We have n't however been able to figure out how to get doll 's thumb in her mouth . It just wo n't go in , let alone stay there . And I read a review that stated the dress comes off , but it is sewn together and wo n't go over dolls head . Other then that , we are pleased with this baby doll . I ordered the Grenadine because I like the bright colored clothing for a toddler . It can be played with outside and get a little dirty without showing the ware . Nice soft fabric and great deep colors ! I also like the softer plastic that they use for it 's face and hands because it is n't hard like other dolls we have purchase . This doll is over all a soft and durable play thing ; it 's good for sleeping with , and daytime play .
 First off , we love Corolle dolls . They are extremely well-made , and phthalate-free , which is a definite bonus . The scent is mild and very pleasant , and I normally do n't like scented products -- but the Corolle dolls ' scent is really very gentle and nice.This Babipouce doll is perfect for young toddlers . It is so squishably soft and huggable , and easy for baby to hold onto . It 's great for parents too , because it 's washable ! Pop it in a zippered pillowcase , and toss it in the washer -LRB- and dryer -RRB- . The scent will remain , and the clothes stay soft.Our toddler has never bothered with trying to fit the doll 's thumb in its mouth , and neither have we . While this might be an issue for some , it has n't been at all for us . It 's more about the great feel of this doll , and the way it so perfectly fits a toddler 's size . It 's soft enough to be a lovey at night , too . From the first time she saw it , our toddler would hug on her doll and hold it and love on it . It fits her so well . : -RRB- The pink outer top does come off on ours , but the other clothes do not . Which is fine . We 've bought a Calin for her for this Christmas , and she can play dress-up with it , but the Babipouce will definitely remain a favorite for years to come , because it is so utterly adorable . The doll 's body is so soft -LRB- like a plush toy -RRB- but it has realistic-looking features , which makes it more appealing , I think.Between our toddler and her older sister , we 've gotten several Corolle dolls , and have n't been disappointed with any . If you 're looking for the perfect starter baby doll , this is it . No , it does n't talk , or walk , or play music , but it is a great companion and friend for any little one , and will last for years and years .
 I bought this for my Grandaughter she is 10 months old.It is so cute and it smells just like a real baby.She always plays with it .
 After looking around quite a bit , I decided to order this doll for my 18 month old daughter . She likes to sit and give the dolly her Baba . I was able to get a fake bottle for $ 1 at the `` Dollar Store '' where we live.I had a couple of requirements for such a doll .1 . It does n't pee . I have enough of changing diapers as it is , and do n't really want to have to deal with it on a doll .2 . Was n't so life like that it was creepy . My daughter was a preemie and 15 '' long when she was born . I wanted a doll that was smaller than that and did n't remind me of that difficult time when my daughter was born -LRB- sort of like , `` Holy Mackerole ! She was * that * small when she was born !? '' -RRB- This doll met all the requirements . It 's easy for my petite toddler to carry around and love on . I like her a lot and recommend her to others .
 This was my daughter 's first doll , given to her by her grandmother at one year old for Christmas . My daughter is my third child and now 7 1/2 years old . We also have two boys and have gone through our share of `` lovies '' all high end popular , durable toys . This is the only `` lovie '' that has not had to have a version 2,3,4 , etc. `` Rose '' has had many trips in a pillowcase through the washer and into the dryer and now finally after 6 years , her clothes are wearing thin . The paint has worn a bit around the edges on her face and the chinchilla has chewed off a couple of her fingers , but she is still # 1 with my daughter . Barbies and her 2 American Girl Dolls would be thrown under a bus before `` Rose '' would ever be put into harms way :-RRB- I can not recommend Corolle Dolls highly enough !!! Especially this little gem !
 I ordered this for our 8-month-old . She loves it more and more each day . It has quickly become her transition toy for naps and nighttime . The brilliant colors , the soft velour and the sweet face make it a perfect first `` baby '' for a baby .
 I got a couple of these dolls for my 6 month old twins and they really love them . They stare at the dolls ' faces , suck on their hands , and finger the clothing . I imagine as the girls get older they will love them even more . Very happy that they 're washable and I love the way they smell .
 This is excellent choice for a baby . It is soft and cudley and can be washed . My 8 month old granddaughter loves it .
 We purchased this doll as a first doll for our one-year old 's birthday . Both she and her older sister love it . The doll is very cuddly and soft . She has a sweet little face that is soft vinyl . Even her hands are handy as my daughter chews on them sometimes when her teeth are coming in - the hands still look fine . The vanilla scent is pleasant , not overwhelming . I highly recommend this doll .
 This doll is just adorable . It 's well made , smells good and my daughter loves it ! She is 16 months old and carries it everywhere .
 I bought this doll for my 7 month old granddaughter last Christmas . She will not go to sleep without her . She has been wagged every where and still looks new . The entire doll is machine washable and air dry only . Getting her away long enough to wash and dry is a problem , so she is getting another one this Christmas for the car and on wash days . Love this little doll .
 We bought this for our daughter when she turned one . She is turning 3 in a month , and this is still her favorite toy , hands down ! It 's been washed and dried countless times , sleeps with her every night , goes on adventures every day , and has held up great . We are buying another for little sister 's birthday !
 I bought this baby for my 12 month old daughter for Christmas . She is now 14 months old and is playing with `` Baby Cora '' more . She loves to squeeze her , suck on her hand , and throw her over the pack and play . I think this product is well made . The shape and softness of the doll 's body is perfect for a baby to hug and squeeze . Despite the Amazon picture showing the doll with her finger in her mouth , we have never been able to get `` Baby Cora '' to do this , but that is not a big deal at our house . Overall , I think this is a great little doll to add to any baby 's collection .
 I purchased this cute doll for my great grand daughter.She is just a year old and likes other babies . She loves to hug and squeeze this doll . It is a great first doll . I am most pleased with this purchase . The price is right and it was delivered in a timely manner .
 This is a perfect doll for my 18 mo. old . It is huggable , sweet-smelling , and does not have phthalates in the plastic . Durable and adorable . I will be buying more Corolle dolls in the future .
 One of serveral Corolle dolls I have purchased for my toddler grand daughter . They 're all unique .
 We got this doll for our 7 month old great-granddaughter . It 's so cute and smells so good . Flower is just perfect for little hands to love
 Yes I Love my Flower because my collection in Complete I already have Bambi 's & Thumper and now I have Flower .
 Product was brand new and very good quality . It was shipped very fast . Extremely satisfied .
 I would recommend this product . It got here very fast and in good shape !
 Like Frank Thomas ' game the magnetic cabinet closures came cracked from overtightening of the screws during assembly . Overall we are happy with the game It was easy to hang , folds easily into the cabinet and the kids have played almost non-stop . It does take abuse during normal play and so far has stood up to the pounding . I hope that replacement parts wo n't be hard to get when things start to wear out . I would much rather repair than to throw out because it is good entertainment .
 I purchased this game for my girlfriends kids age 9 and 12 and they love it . I swear I have never seen or heard a machine take such a pounding and still keep on going . This thing is very well built and could not be more satisfied . The only thing is when it was built from the factory the plastic that holds the magnets for the doors to stay closed were both cracked but over all it one tough toy just dont plan on resting when the kids are using it cause it is quite noisy .
 Go For It is one of the best board games of all time . Perfect for family time . It is a unique type of pay as you go game . It is a sort of poor mans monopoly making deals and coming up with strategy . If you are looking for a change of pace this is a great option .
 Seeing how our granddaughter has been absorbed in Sesame Street chacters -LRB- Zoe among the favorites -RRB- , it seemed that this particular item would bring a smile . It features a soft and furry Zoe face on the backpack itself , plus the attached coin purse . She has not received it yet -LRB- it 's meant as a Christmas gift -RRB- , so we can only anticipate what her reaction will be . With working parents , she will be able to better keep track of small items she may want to take to her daytime sitter and other grandmother . Because of her age , she will probably need help to don the backpack , but with a little time , ingenuity and thought , she will learn how to do this herself . Right now it will be for fun ; a precursor to her school days when a backpack will become overloaded and cumbersome . It 's really not intended as an educational toy ; however , some learning experience will be derived from it .
 I bought the Zoe backpack for my daughter 's 2nd birthday . Many backpacks labeled as `` toddler-size '' are still really large for a 2 or 3 year old to carry . This one is the perfect size and does n't hang too low on the back when she puts it on . For a child 4 or older it would be more like a purse , but still functional . There are several zipper pockets , and the bag fits a few small toys easily , snack packets , extra shirt etc.It 's cute pick if the little girl in your life is a Zoe fan !
 This plush tiger is made of very soft materials and is cute but the workmanship on the face is not like the photo . The face is a little lopsided and the stitching for the mouth could be better . I doubt a child would notice the imperfections but an adult would . Ordering plush animals sight unseen is always a gamble .
 This tiger is the perfect size for cuddling up to , and its fuzziness adds to the cuddle-value . I absolutely love it ! : D
 Low-priced , blonde Barbie with minimal accessories - hairbrush , bag , shoes . She wears a pretty pink mini-dress with a floral print . The yellow accents match her bag and shoes . Her shoulder joints bend in 2 directions , and her knees bend a little . She has the `` classic '' torso , which swivels about a quarter of the way in each direction on a tiny waist , with disproportionately large bustline & narrow hips , and painted on underpants.Having examined & played with the 2 new torso types , both the one with a more realistic but immovable waist , and the `` ever-flex , '' which combines realism with a soft rubbery middle that bends in all directions , I have decided I like the classic one best , because it is very durable and moves most freely.A perfect first Barbie .
 Okay , this Barbie is just adorable . I got his for my little sister and she likes it . It 's not one of the better dolls but good for the value . Everyone knows that girls just really ca n't have too many Barbies .
 Barbie looks as fresh as a flower , wearing a prety floral dress , tied with a ribbon at the waist . She has beautiful , long , straight hair girls will love to comb and style.Includes a boxy purse with floral decal , square-toe pumps , ring and hairbrush .
 This doll is strong and hard to break it keeps the childs busy playing but not making a mess . You will be happy when you buy it I am .
 This `` crinkly '' sounding and rattle sounding turtle is the best toy for baby ! Even adults like the ckinkly sounds and feel . The colors are beautiful and soft . This little -LRB- actually a GOOD size -RRB- was a gigantic hit at the baby shower !
 My 3 year old loves it ! The water spray is not forceful which makes it real easy for the younger kids to enjoy . Will cool off a warm day .
 What a thrill to look out each morning and see the dark lord of the sith watering my lawn . I hooked up Darth to a timer on my garden hose and every morning he shoots a stream of vengence from the death star while ruling supreme over all other lawn ornaments . Small animals and children will flee in terrror when Vader fires up the `` water sabre '' and blasts 4 to 5 feet of force powered water their way . Join the new empire in lawn care or watch as your lawn withers and dies under the care of less powerful grass guardians .
 Chilly is so much to have and he is a great beanie buddy to my colcation
 Although it arrived somewhat crumpled , it soon regained its form . It was exactly what we were looking for to give to our granddaughter .
 It 's hard not to give Chilly a 5-star . Great Beanie Buddy , it was exactly what I was expecting . Thank you !
 I lost my bear when I moved across the country yet again & missed him very much . So I ordered one & I have my comfort pillow back ! It was not over priced & is brand new ! Very happy :-RRB- Thank you
 This is pretty much a `` must '' for Tom & Jerry freaks and die-hard fans of superlative classic animation ; I bought Tom with the matching 8 '' Jerry . And , yes , although you ca n't see it , Tom * does * come with a tail AND the light gray patch between his eyes -LRB- both of which , ironically , Hanna & Barbera did not always include in their cartoons -RRB- . The price is a bit high - I believe both the Tom and Jerry dolls were hold-overs from the old Warner Bros. stores , hence the rather steep price.The item has excellent detail and is quite durable . The catch
 My kids love this cat ... we have tons of stuffed animals . Unique looking cat ... floopy , Great toy to sleep with ! Love it !
 I got this beanie buddy as a teenager because I like cats . I kept it around . When my daughter was 18 months she fell in love with it . It has been her favorite stuffed animal ever since . She named her Mama kitty and sleeps with her every night . It 's also been through the washing machine at least once a month , sometimes more . So far it has held up , although she does n't have hardly any whiskers left . I 'm on here buying her a replacement Mama kitty , if hers ever goes missing . Plus she starts daycare in the fall and I want her to have one for school . I 'm just not sure if she will take the new Mama kitty , since there will be obvious differences .
 We have Chip and she is so cute !! We dress her up in doll clothes and call her dress up cat . She is a flat , simply made beanie and she is CUTE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Bubbles the fish is not only the best beanie , but also the best fish around . It 's a terrible shame they 're not available any more . We 've had our Bubbles , `` Humphrey Boga '' , for several years now , and although he is getting a little old , he is still in his prime .
 Bubbles is a soft , brightly-colored fish . It 's a shame he 's not available anymore . He is one of my favorite Beanie Buddies.All of the best others are no longer for sale either , it would seem . They are Diddley -LRB- soft , beautifully colored pastel green dog with a gingham ribbon collar , a licorice jelly bean-like nose , a unique pose and a cute face -RRB- ; Rover -LRB- bright red , sweet-looking dog with floppy ears and a jelly bean nose -RRB- ; Parfum -LRB- vibrant fuchsia poodle -RRB- ; & Brigitte -LRB- rose pink poodle with shimmery ribbon collar -RRB- . The Beanie Buddies are larger and much more substantial and durable than the Beanie Babies .
 This is a great addition to a Jungle Themed Room or just a cuddly companion ... young or old !!
 This is our `` backup '' Bongo . The original Bongo has become our daughters `` lovey '' since she was about 15 months old . She loves him ! He is her baby that she holds , cuddles at night , and plays baby with . I 've washed him a handful of times and is still doing great . We bought a second Bongo in hopes that if the original gets lost she wo n't be to upset missing it . Our daughter will not sleep without her Bongo .
 I work for the Building & Grounds crew at the local community college and my job is cleaning all the chalk boards and dry erase boards . I had been using the water and sponge method too before I found these cloths and I will never go back to the water and sponge . Not only is the cloth faster , but it still gets the job done and is better for the boards . I bought my first one about a year ago and its just now wearing out . . even after using it everyday on about 25 to 30 boards a day !
 I have been using the Chalkboard Cloth for YEARS and will never use a sponge and water again to clean my chalkboards . This cloth both conditions and gets rid of chalk dust . The cloth will last for over a year as long as you take care of it !
 As a teacher , my worst fear is to have a chalkboard that you can not write on . When you use water to clean a board , it absorbs the water and distorts it after awhile . After you erase the chalk , it leaves dust everywhere . Swiping it with this takes that all away and makes it nice and dark again . It wo n't restore an old board , but it cleans and keeps the board like new .
 The chalkboard cloth worked great in my classroom . It is durable enough to have my students cleam my boards for me !
 I 've used this for 5 years and absolutely love it . Highly recommend this . I usually go through one a year .
 This is a well made bear that we used at our Church . The kids loved it - even the high schoolers !
 Good product . The snap card is a mini puzzle . The child has to match colours with the object in the card . The cards are good learning tools . Unfortunately , it is too advanced for my kid who is 14 mnths old . He keeps trying to put cards back in box rather than match it . Hopefully , he would grow to love it .
 Our 3 month old just loves her Little Suzy 's Zoo mobile !! Around 8-9 weeks of age she started smiling and laughing at `` her friends '' as they `` danced '' for her . Out of all of the toys that our little one has she enjoys this mobile the most . Everytime we lay her down in bed she smiles and laughs ! This is a must have for the Little Suzy 's Zoo themed room !! We plan on cutting the animals off of the mobile when she pulls herself up in bed so she can play with her fellas as stuffed animals .
 This mobile is adorable . It 's a great addition to a cute baby nursery . The only conflict is when it comes to a decision about whether to go with a cute mobile or a more educationally centered one . Personally , it was more importent to me to surround my baby with soothing friendly images . You can always buy educational toys .
 This interactive Little Suzy Music Mobile is the cutest and smartest way to go . The little fuzzy animals and the music give a soothing touch to the baby 's heart . The music is the `` Brahms Lullaby '' and this well-known and loved lullaby continues to play while these adorable characters rotate . The little one gets a chance to enjoy the details of each animal , and it enhances their concentration and focus . I recommend this because these cute little critters are smiling down with enormous love at your baby , and the baby ca n't resist to share and return this love back to them with giggles and smiles .
 This is the second Little Suzy Zoo mobile we have purchased . The first one we used for three and a half years -LRB- with our first daughter and now our second -RRB- and the music box finally gave out on it - so we ordered a second mobile to replace the music box and it now works perfectly ! My only complaint is that had I not kept the original animals , I would not have been happy with these because Boof and Patches are oddly colored and do n't perfectly match the other Little Suzy Zoo room items we have . On this mobile Boof is a really dark brown and Patches is yellow - instead of a soft creamy brown for Boof , and white for Patches .
 This is an awesomw crib mobile . Suzy zoo items are a challenge to find . This is really cute .
 Santa brought this one for Christmas and all the other toys have been cast aside . My son has been playing constantly with it for several days now.It does take a little coordination to `` transform '' this toy from a car to a robot , and my son often needs a little help . He is not quite 5 . He does not mind and loves to play with the water squirters.The color change feature that is supposed to activate with cold water is not very effective . We used very cold ice water to fill the guns and drenched the spot that was supposed to change color . The change was barely noticable and very short lived . I do n't think the little water guns vend enough water to cool to the required temperature to cause the paint to change.The doors pop off often when playing with the toy as a robot or when transforming from a car into a robot , but can be popped back on without damaging the toy .
 This bear was great very soft and cuddly colors bright loved it was not disappointed at all would love more bears
 My 19 year old daughter had this bunnie since she was 4 . It is her most loved toy and when our car was robbed while taking her to college , she was devasted most over losing this baby . How joyed I was to find it here . NO , it isnt her same loved baby , but she loved how `` fat '' and fluffy his replacement was . This toy has help up through 15 years of play and love and we are confidant this new will as well .
 My Daughter loves bunnies !! So when I saw this at hallmark a few years ago I knew I had to get it for herIt is very soft and I love the color ! All of the beanie buddies are great quality ! I would strongly recommend this to anyone !
 When I saw this bunny at a gift store -LRB- something like a Hallmark -RRB- years ago , I fell in love with it . I love the minty colour . I still have this bunny and I 'm now 22 , although he lost the green bow around his neck -LRB- which is easily replaceable anyway -RRB- and has a couple of small stains here and there ... he is still well-loved . He 's a great size for sleeping with and hugs .
 my daughter asked Santa for a green bunny for Christmas . Thank God for the internet . totally happy and satisfied .
 My son loves this game it is a little too old for his age group of five but he does well on it . Would recommend for five and up.It offers lots of learning games with the character you child loves .
 I was a little leary about buying this game because my son is only 4 and the game is rated for older ages but it has turned out to be one of his favorite games . He has had to come to us for a little help every now and then if he gets stuck on part of a game but other than that , he does very well with the game considering his age . I have really enjoyed the whole cyberpocket game system and am so thankful V-tech has came out with something like this . We have a 9 year old daughter who is really into her DS Lite and the cyberpocket was our sons `` Santa Clause '' because our daughter got her DS . So we have called the cyberpocket his DS as well which works out great for us . He was always wanting to play with her DS but we were afraid he would break it because he is such a boy and so rough . This whole system has held up very well along with all the game cartridges that we have purchased . I hope that there are more games to come because he has all of the `` big boy '' games that we have found that he would be interested in . Overall , I do not regret buying this game even though he was a little young for the age rating . He has enjoyed it and we have enjoyed watching him with it .
 Bought the game as a birthday present for my son as he has not played it yet but I tried it out and its a great game that works and was exactly as the seller described
 This was a big hit with my child !!! Vtech has always come through with good educational games I feel comfortable allowing my child to play . Seller was great with gettting my purchase out to me quickly!I would buy here again .
 This game was very educational . My son has learned a lot from it .
 This one is another gift for my son and I know that he will flip to have this game . Thank You .
 The bear was delivered on time in great condition . It was a purchase to replace a lost brown grizzly beanie , to no avail . The hand written Thank U was a nice touch .
 Ordered for a Christmas gift and it was perfect ! Shipped quickly and the price was right for our needs . Very happy with product
 I love my Jake the mallard duck . the duck toy looks so real that I can even picture him quacking .
 Excellent game . Great for my five year old has three characters that he loves . Games are well designed and easy to navigate . I would recommend for any child five and up .
 I love the entire v-smile line . It keeps my four year old from feeling left out when his Dad and big brother are playing their game systems , and now he can even have a big boy game like spiderman .
 Graham was totally delighted and could n't wait to play this game . He was challenged with the fruits/veggies/etc , but quickly figured out how to answer and really enjoys the game . good fun !
 This one has not been played yet as it will be received as a gift . Most all of the V-Smile games have been good and age appropriate according to the age level that is marked on the packaging . My grandson enjoys them all .
 My daughter plays this game for hours and I was surprise cause she has a dsi and a mini ipad but she spends a lot of time on this game I highly recommend it
 Our 5 year old loves this product ! He really enjoys playing his V Smile . I 'm happy that it has educational aspects .
 It 's one of the best V tech games that teach many items related to physiscs , math and other educational content.My childs can learn playing . Thanks
 This was a big hit with my child !!! Vtech has always come through with good educational games I feel comfortable allowing my child to play . Seller was great with gettting my purchase out to me quickly!I would buy here again .
 This toy came fast and made my son extremly happy . I looked all over Walmart and Target and could not find these toys . Yet here it was for a great price . Like I said it came fast , I ordered another one from a different company and have not recieved it yet , would use this seller again any time . Thanks !!
 I know these games have long since been replaced with new and improved but we like this system and its great for the kids.The seller was very prompt and I would buy from them again .
 Intro : First of all , Warhammer 40k is more of a hobby/strategy game rather than a toy , with that being said , these products are not for young children , they are for teenagers and up . For example , one would be unlikely to purchase a model airplane for a really young child , but a young teen would be much more likely.This Kit : This kit is an amazing value , for those who are looking to create an awesome show of force for their space marine army , this is it , no one will be more owe-stricken than when 5 of these bad boys are placed onto the board and/or into combat . The kit itself contains enough materials to construct 5 terminators with Thunder Hammers & Storm Shields or 5 terminators with Lightning Claws -LRB- or any combination there-of that would result in 5 -RRB- . This also means that whatever bits are not used are left over for use in conversion projects or with future terminators . I ordered one of these kits and got myself some extra bases as well as a full set of extra terminator torsos and legs and I was ultimately able to construct 10 terminators for the price of roughly a kit and a half . This is an awesome value , the models look amazing , and they are quite functional within the Space Marine Codex , a must have for anyone looking to fill their army with some hard hitting close combat choices.The Game : The Warhammer universe is very vast and is filled with more lore than any one person could explain in any short period of time , from books to video games , GamesWorkshop has done it all and the mechanics for this particular game are easy to learn and easy to retain which ultimately leads to a fun and satisfying gaming experience . For those trying to get into the hobby it is a bit price but well worth it because , unlike card games such as Magic The Gathering or YuGiOh , this game requires little to no upkeep . Play with what you buy and only buy more of what you ` want . ' The game is strategic much like playing chess but with a more modernized approach and combined with the mathematics involved in the game -LRB- statistics , numbers , and so forth -RRB- it can be an educational experience for younger players from a statistical and basic add/subtract standpoint . Finally , and more importantly , the game is meant to be fun as well as competitive and although some players may not win every match they can showcase their artistic abilities as well . This is an all-around great game and great hobby , check it out .
 I purchased the close combat termie squad back in March . Good savings thru troll tactics ! This kit 's termies and bitz are very neat ! You can easily make a Chaos Terminator Lord with a Khorne Bloodthrister daemon weapon , refer to your chaos codex . The bitz allow for some very creative poses and such . I recommand this if you want your army to look lethal weather your for the Emperor or not !
 This kit comes with what you need to make five -LRB- 5 -RRB- space marine assault terminators . It contains enough parts for the full terminator , supplemental groin armor and personal heradlry , and back pieces for the terminator sergeant . It also provides a full loadout for an entire lightning claw squad or thunder hammer/storm shield squad . Using magnets for this kit can be done , but should be undertaken with extra care . The only major downside is that the parts can not really be spread about to other units easily , and to use the extra pieces on standard power armor models will look extremely large and will take a lot of modification.The standard $ 50 cost is a bit expensive , so buying online will be the best option .
 This unit is practically a must for SM armies . Assault Terminators are a terror on the gaming table . And when played alongside the right special characters , they are devastating.To get the best bang for your buck , I have to advocate magnetizing these models . The box comes with 5 sets of thunderhammer + stormshield and 5 sets of Lightning Claws . You only have 5 models . So you do n't want pieces to go to waste ! Let 's face it , it is a bit pricey for only 5 playable models . So get magnets and then you can mix and match any weapon combo you want.And , to put Icing on the cake , I would get a Tactical Terminator squad as well , and magnetize them . Ta Da ! You can now field 10 Assault Terminators ! -LRB- 5x TH/SS and 5x LC -RRB- And of course still have the option of fielding 5x Tacticals w / 5x Assualt termis as well.It 's a bummer that you have to go out of your way to modify a lot of Games Worshops models to get your moneys worth , but I think the benefits of using magnets for the table top gamer far outwiegh the cost . A modeler , one who just like to paint and display them , obviously does n't need to worry about magnetizing .
 Man I have to say , thank goodness we can get these at discount . Paying 50 bucks for just 5 figures is a bit of a stretch believe me.Still , this kit is overall pretty good . You get two whole sprues of weapons
 so i got my termies faster than i expected ... so far built one and a half ... they 're a definite challenge but a joy to work on knowing the end result.like any other plastic model or 40k miniature they are fragile and are not meant to be used as playthings , but if you just build em , paint em , and leave em be , you 'll be okay .
 Good product , cute for a baby or young toddler . This doll gets hugs and kisses from my girl since she was 1 . IT was a birthday present that was a good one.My 25 month old os carrying around her `` bebe '' everywhere . This toy is a huge hit . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought this as my daughters first doll -- and already she is looking at it ! -LRB- She 's only 3 1/2 months , so is n't to the playing stage yet . -RRB- I liked this Babipouce best because of the color contrast between the red and blue and I think that it helps her focus on it . Also , you ca n't tell from the picture , but the buttons are printed on the fabric -- perfectly safe ! I only wish that it came with a bottle for when she is older .
 I purchased the kit to be used by Boy Scouts for the Signaling Merit Badge . It works very well . Not too loud to be anoying to parents . Kit assembled easily , it took me about 20 minutes to assemble , but I do have experience . With help , first time kit builders should do well .
 This little thing is neat . My Kids and I built it in about 30 minutes . Would have like a little better instructions as I am not an electronics person , mostly needed more details on direction of the parts , or if that does not matter . I have had to re do the battery connector a few time mostly due to the kids letting the battery hang while they walked around with it .
 This item was sent by the vendors schedule and was in a huge box , I expected a padded envelope . It took less than 1 hr to assemble , including a 1/8 in phone jack addition so I couuld use my key . It is low in volume but it is loud enough for keying practice .
 Love this little guy ! Got one for a co-worker 's little boy , who absolutely adores it . So I picked this one up for another co-worker 's baby shower . The bright colors are attention grabbing for the little ones . And in my opinion , no home should be without a Jabber Parrot !
 I was looking for a `` this is Grandmother 's theme '' for our first grandson . We are farmers so this set is just perfect with the overalls and checkered shirt . The arrival time was exceptional .
 I received this blanket 5 years ago as a baby shower gift and my daughter has carried it around ever since . Even through 5 years of washings , this blanket has held up and is still incredibly soft . In fact , I purchased a new one as a replacement when the old one was misplaced .
 I received this blanket as a shower gift for my son . That was 4 years ago and I must say it was the BEST gift I could have asked for . My son takes the blanket everywhere , preschool , bed , grandparents house , etc. . Even through all its washings and love , it is still as soft as it was brand new . I highly recommend this blanket and I am buying the `` favorite blanket '' for my best friend 's lil one .
 I love this blanket ! It is so cute ! It is easy keep and very soft . It keeps my baby boy warm and happy !
 My 4 year old daughter takes her blanket EVERYWHERE with her . she has for the past 4 years ! I received this blanket as a shower gift , and she wont put it down for anything . Although I have tried to buy her a new one she likes hers eventhough I have had to sew on the tag twice to keep it from falling off . great buy this blanket has been through thick and thin and is still in holding on ! . .
 i love how light and soft this blanket is . with other heavier blankets , my son would wake up when i put a blanket over him , but not this one . very soft , warm , and light enough to not wake him . the blue jean teddy pattern is what we decorated his nursery in , so this blanket fits right in .
 This blanket is comfy , warm and also soft against bare skin . The teddy bear motif is a nice change from having a gender specific colour . Washes well and stays soft even without adding any softener to final rinse or in dryer .
 Love the Blue Jean Teddy Pattern , and this item is another perfect compliment for this set ! The adorable bear is cozy and warm for your little one , and the fleece washes easily ! Very soft fleece , and it stays soft with daily use .
 I bought this blanket because I live in a city that requires air conditioning all the time during the summer it reaches 124 degrees so it can get cold inside the house and this blanket is light in weight and keeps the baby warm without him being uncomfortable , this was very important to me since he was very small . I would highly recommend this product for cold places or when you take baby outside or just in case .
 I thought this blanket was so soft , that I know my son will love to be attached to this one .
 This blanket is the best blanket I have found . It is so soft and cozy . It is unbelievable . Even after 8 months of washing it is still soft and bright as the day it was purchased.It mathes the set perfectly and there is no fuzzies . I HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS BLANKET !!!!
 Very soft and comfy blanket ; I washed it according to the instructions and it came out of the dryer like new.The only issue I have is that the print/teddy images on the blanket are blurry ; Besides , that it 's a very comfy blanket .
 I love this blanket , it 's so soft and I wish it came in mom size ! My daughter seems to love it too , she has such a huge grin each time she rubs her little arm up and down on the blanket .
 We recently bought this blanket as part of our nursery set , and it 's a wonderfully warm blanket ! It so far has n't peeled or shed , and it 's very soft ! I highly recommend it ... especially for the cold winter and early spring days ! My only complaint about it is the bear pattern is n't very clear on there and if you look at it for any period of time it will make your eyes tear up because the picture is so out of focus . I wish they had taken the time to design the print a little better like on some of our other blankets !
 I received this blanket as a gift at my baby shower as I chose the BLue Jean Teddy decor as my nursery theme . I must say that after 7 months , this blanket has remained so soft after numerous washings and remains one of my sons ' favorite blankies !
 I purchased this for my son when he was 2 wks old . It is so soft , and is easily washed -LRB- read the directions and you 'll have a long life out of this blanket -RRB- . My son is now 7 months old , and this blanket is just as soft as the day I bought it ... even after MANY washings . However , as with ALL things fleece , after a while the pictures will become `` blurry '' as mine has done now . Another good aspect of this blanket is that it 's a series -- Blue Jean Teddy , and you can purchase this to match all the other items of Blue Jean Teddy that you 'd want .
 This blanket is very simple , yet very comfortable . Since my daughter was a new born she loved feeling the blanket on her face . The print is a little boyish , but what matters is she loves it . She is 14 months old and after many washes it still looks like new ! She still used it everyday !
 This is a great blanket to have for the winter months ! It is incredibly soft and warm . I used it a lot during the winter when I had to take my son outside to help cover his face . The colors and design are great too . It also lasts wash after wash .
 This blanket is the perfect addition to the blue jean teddy set . This blanket is very soft , my daughter loves it . when washed it doesnt leave all the lint some soft blankets do . Stays soft wash after wash . doesnt get fuzzy . Great for the little ones !!
 Our nursery is decorated in Blue Jean Teddy , and I have been happy with all their products . This blanket is one of our favorites - perfect for playing on , sleeping on on the floor , cuddling while feeding and using in the car seat or stroller -LRB- always OVER the straps for safety -RRB- . It 's had it 's share of bodily fluids and foods on it , always comes cleans and is still soft after repeated washing . And , it 's just plain cute .
 For some reason I thought I was getting a 3/4 '' wood top table , but was a little surprised to get some sort of plastic top . Apparently this is an outdoor table . With several young children I decided that it was n't all bad - especially since I was 2 hours into a 3 hour assembly process . There is n't quite the same soft tapping there is with a wood table , but it is considerably lighter and cups left on the table wo n't raise wood rings.The undercarriage is as solid as I can imagine a 190 lb . table can provide , but the table sways when 5-year old children lean against it . While I would n't want to repeat the assembly process , the end result was worth it and our whole family played -LRB- or began learning to play -RRB- . The paddle and ball holders in the center are really handy .
 We just got this table from another vendor and finished assembling it today . It was actually the second table we received , because the first was damaged in shipping . This one arrived in perfect shape , and we lost no time unpacking it and diving into the assembly process . First of all , it 's a very heavy table -- around 190 lbs. , at least in the box -- and they are n't kidding when they say you need two -LRB- strong -RRB- people to assemble it . From start to finish , including about 20 minutes I spent on the Internet trying to clarify a particular step in the instructions , I estimate it took 8 hours to assemble . If you 're like me , you probably do n't have two 10mm and two 19mm wrenches on hand . I used our two -LRB- large -RRB- adjustable wrenches for most of the assembly process , and that was a mistake . Do yourself a favor and go buy at least the two 10mm ones -LRB- small , if possible -RRB- -- which are used for almost everything -- at a hardware or home improvement store . I finally ended up getting a couple of them for about $ 13 total -- well worth the money . Had I had them at the beginning , I probably would have saved two hours of assembly time . Next , the assembly instructions , though complicated , are fairly good -- if you 're used to assembling complex pieces from IKEA or other stores , you should be able to deal with this . But you have to be careful -- there are more than 200 pieces -LRB- yes , 200 -RRB- , and some of the drawings are quite subtle . The one place you have to be especially careful is the very first step -LRB- `` A '' -RRB- , when you position the two end pieces -LRB- piece number `` 8 '' -RRB- as you 're building the supporting structure . These can either face one way or the other , and the drawing is n't clear . I could n't find the answer on line either , even by looking at zoomed-in photos of the table . If you make a mistake here , you 'll end up having to spend a huge amount of time taking things apart again and redoing them . Basically , the two smooth sides of the crossbar should face out , not in toward the center ; the `` open '' crossbar sides should face inward . If you look closely at the drawing , you 'll see that that 's what the manufacturer tried to indicate , but a few words -LRB- rather than just hieroglyphics -RRB- would have helped . There are a few other places in the manual where you 'll have to use common sense , but they 're not too tricky . Again , just proceed very slowly and carefully . When it comes time to lift the table tops into the supporting structure , it really , really helps to have a third person -- even a kid . The picture shows two people holding one table top with one hand each , using the other hand to insert the bolts that will support the top , but you try holding a huge 80-90 lb . table half with one hand ! Not realistic . Anyway , to make a long story short , we finally finished assembling the table , and it looks great and seems to work very well . I 'll update this if I have anything new to report after we 've used it a while . In the meantime , just remember
 For the money I paid for this table I have no complaints.This is n't a competition level table but its not a cheapy either . The blue color is really nice.Buying through Amazon gave me piece of mind on the product condition and reliable delivery .
 A great birthday gift for kids 3-10 ! I got it for my little girl , and then bought one for her friend - universally loved by all kids that play with it . Nice to see a gift that does not light up or ding or flash . Simple and fun .
 Very long ribbon that 's fun for my girls to dance and play with . We 've only used it a few times but it has already started to fray on the edges . Other than that it has been awesome and fun !
 My daughter who turned 3 Jan. 5 . LOVES this camel . Every night before bed around Christmas she wanted to read the book `` Humphrey 's First Christmas '' . Even after going to a live Nativity , she called the Camel -LRB- who 's real name is Moses -RRB- Humphrey . I ordered this camel on Dec 22 and received it Dec 26 . She LOVES it . He is perfect . I was very impressed that I received it so quickly . He is bigger than I realized , but my daughter adores him and that 's all that matters .
 I gave this as gift to my best friend , and she loves it . It never leaves her side . She has taken it to London , Rome , Paris , Sydney , Bangkok , and she loves it . It is SO awesome and brings her constant companionship and security .
 This is a nice , lightweight sheet that washes well . It fits even the thicker crib mattresses . The ecru color goes well with light yellows , too.I 've had great experiences with all of my Carter 's linens , and this sheet is no exception .
 I received these sheets as shower gifts and also received Pottery Barn Kids sheets . I can not find a difference . They both fit the same and feel to be the same thread count -LRB- and became softer after a couple of washes -RRB- . For the money , I would recommend these as they seem the same in quality as the more expensive PBK ones .
 I recently purchased a Rubik 's Cube with a promise from a friend to show me how to crack it . I enjoyed trying to learn how to solve it and it rotated well , but after only a short time the stickers began to peel and eventually fell off . My friend purchased these replacement stickers to help me keep learning with a cube I liked and I could n't be happier . These stickers are much more durable than the others , and have stood up to my frustration extremely well . They are highly recommended .
 Unlike the stickers that peel off with the Rubik 's Cube when you buy them , these stickers are actually pretty durable . I replaced these stickers about 4-5 months ago , and they are still in good shape . I recommend this product to anyone who has a cube with stickers worn out .
 My dogs enjoy these toys too . They did chew some holes into it , but had so much fun , it was worth it !
 I love the entire series of birds done by Audubon . For me , the trill of the red-winged blackbird takes me back to my childhood . We measured the arrival of Spring by the arrival of the RWBB on irrigated fields and roadside marshes . I have a toddler son who is utterly fascinated by his Audubon birds
 Terminators . The elite infantry unit of the Space Marine army . Clad in huge bulky suits of armor and armed with Powerfists and Storm Bolters , these are the closest things to walking tanks outside of Dreadnaughts.Filling an Elites slot in your FOC -LRB- Force Organization Chart -RRB- , Terminators are a pricey , but very effective way to bring some extremely tough and powerful units to the field . By default they 're kitted with Storm Bolters and Powerfists -LRB- which are pretty beefy on their own , lets be honest -RRB- , but one Terminator can be kitted with a massive assault cannon and another can have a shoulder-mounted rack of Missles for light anti-vehicle or anti-swarm duties.In essence , these will be your frontline troops when you want to burst through an enemies line . A squad of these , pouring out of a Land Raider with guns blazing will definitely force your opponent to pay attention to them as their high armor save and vicious attacks will decimate darn near anything they face if left unchecked . Unfortunately , like a double edged sword , these guys will be a fire magnet and WILL be decimated if left out in the open unsupported too long.On to the models . The models themselves are a bit more intricately detailed and do require a bit more care and assembly . Adding accessories and crux pads are much more trouble than they should be , but that 's the nature of the models themselves , given the number of smooth rounded surfaces that make up their armor plates.Great models overall , and getting them at a discount -LRB- lets face it 50 $ for 5 models retail is kinda nuts -RRB- is always a nice plus ! : D
 Space marine termies are a pain for those at the business end of their kit . 2 + saves , 5 + invulnerable , assault 2 24S4 Storm bolters , all power weapons including s8 power fists . You should know the drill . now , the assault cannon are nasty , but the cyclone missile launcher is vehicle wrecking too , so you have all corners covered . -LRB- and we have n't talked about the close combat big guys -RRB- ... add a bone white paint job and your friends will pale in front of four or five squads of termie as troops , a termie HQ and a land raider . the battlefield is yours . Enjoy!Fun 5 stars , as you see your rival 's face in frustration at his shots bounce off the termies armour.Educational 3 stars , as you teach them not to mess with the emperordurable 5 stars , they will outlast almost every other unit on the gameoverall 5 . and you know it .
 Big and mean , these terminators are awesome and for a great price . A must have for any space marine army .
 ok well this box set is ONLY 50 $ NOT 90 $ !!!!!!!!!!!! i just saw this and thought it was wrong . buy it off games workshop for like 50 $ .
 I bought this for my 1 year old daughter and am very impressed . Not only is it adorable , but it 's soft and cuddly and perfect for little hands . And it washes up well . 2 minutes after giving this to my daughter she spilled stuff all over it . After washing it in the washing machine and line drying it 's as good as new .
 This is so so so adorable ! I ordered one for a Christmas gift and fell in love it upon delivery . Almost worth the price just for the box that the doll comes packaged in ! My own daughter 's birthday is just a month after Christmas , so I ordered one for her . It is great because this doll manages to remains simple yet adorable enough for the 1yr old that I gave it to for Christmas and mature enough for my 5yr old daughter . I loved that it has not so many loose parts , which is so hard to find in a toy suitable for a 5yr old . We plan on taking this doll on our upcoming international flight because of the simplicity and lack of moving , talking parts -LRB- complicated toys are a nightmare to get through security ! -RRB- .
 I bought this doll right after my daughter was born and it 's been with her ever seen . The doll is very well-made , super soft and safe as well . There is no loose buttons , hair string of any source . I have washed it in the washer machine several times -LRB- at least 10 -RRB- and the color is still the same . My daughter just turns one and she starts to play with it alot more . It was defintely a good buy .
 I think the bear buddy is a great way to remember the year 2000 . It is raspberry colored with a gold bow around its neck and a patch in the shape and color of the planet Earth on its left side . I purchased this for myself this beanie Baby and love it . I do not know how it can be educational because it is just a really fun bear . The year 2000 only comes once and you should buy the bear for yourself , a present or even for your children . It is a great way to celebrate the year 2000 .
 This Beanie BUDDY is a wonderful additon to anyone 's Beanie BUDDY collection . He is a genuine , soft purplish bear with a beautiful wide ribbon and padded hands and feet . The Beanie BABIES do n't have wide ribbons or padded hands and feet , but the Beanie BUDDIES do . This is a Beanie BUDDY , it is not a Beanie BABY ! This is a great BUDDY , and it is a must-have for any collector ! This Beanie BUDDY is excellent !
 This was a gift to me by a very dear friend . I will always look back at this adorable bear and remember the millenium and our friendship . It 's so lovely !
 My only disappointment with this clock is that it 's battery powered . I 'm sure I overlooked that statement in the description . But it 's turned out to be a positive feature as my six year old likes to carry it with her wherever she 's playing in the house ! It seems very durable .
 This is perfect for any Princess room . My niece is learning her numbers and this is a great way to reinforce it .
 My daughter loves this . She is learning to tell time and wants to have an alarm just like the bigger kids . It is simple to use and it is teaching her to tell time . I thought the Cinderella would break off the top but it is made of durable plastic and after a year everything is in tack . My daughter wishes the alarm would be a recording of Cinderella saying , `` Wake up sleepy head '' instead of the annoying beeping noise . Working great and she has n't missed the bus yet !
 I bought this for my 4 year old son . The travel tin has a handle and is sturdy - one year and not broken ! The board folds and the pieces store in the tin , making it perfect to take to Grandpa 's house.The `` mickey ears '' pieces are a heavy weight smooth melamine like material and really feel nice to play with.We love this little game . The only thing is to King , you just have to stack two pieces up . Best checkers set we ever had . Disney makes a great Disney Chess set as well , with good guys and bad guys figures as pieces . Also a fabulous find .
 My son started getting a couple of these as a reward when very young and fell in love with them . He now has hundred and so glad he is . They do n't get out dated and are great quality . He had to get the girls to go in the castle .
 Compared to other figurines like Safari and Papo , this is a very authentic and beautiful damsel . That said , this is not one of our favorites out of our Schleich and I wish the colors were a little different .
 Schleich makes a great quality toy . We have many figures from Schleich . The figures can not be broken -LRB- unless maybe if a dog chews on them -RRB- . My daughter uses these figures with a castle . These figures get children to use their imaginations when they play .
 I love these Beanie Buddies , the size is perfect for toddlers and kids even as they grow . We absolutely love them . They are so soft and hug-able , they have some substance to them , a bit weighted and just so cute .
 We had purchased this toy for our 3 yr old son who had lost his duck beanie baby . What I did n't look at when ordering this was the size of it . When the item arrived , it was much bigger than the duck beanie baby my son had misplaced . We explained to our son that his duck had grown up and that he was no longer a little duckling . He was so excited to have his friend , who he named `` Thank You '' back at home with him and he cried his eyes out . He was sad that he missed his friend `` growing up '' but promised he would take better care of him from now on.The product arrived within a very short time of ordering it . It was very clean and extremely soft . Very great price for this product . I am glad I ordered it .
 Our Quackers arrived without any wings . Our daughter is only a year and loves him nonetheless , but he 's certainly an odd duck - more of a big triangle with a head and feet .
 My 3 year old daughter absolutely loves this truck . She plays with it constantly and takes it to show and tell every week at school . Before this truck , she knew what an Elephant was , but now she is fascinated with them . I think on an educational level , this toy is fantastic and encourages children be creative . I may purchase the other animal trucks for her birthday because she loves this one so much .
 My son 's favorite animal is the elephant and he also loves trucks . So when I saw this , I thought it was the perfect combination . It was a bit smaller than I was expecting , but still a great size and he loves it .
 I did n't find as many reviews of the 12 '' Intelliscope as I would have liked before I bought one so I 'm glad to leave my feedback after having one for 2 weeks.There is a huge difference in size between the 10 '' and 12 '' . The 8 '' & 10 '' are almost the same - very portable , light , and a pleasure to use . Each has a 2 '' focuser with 1.25 '' adaptor so all your eyepieces will work . The 12 '' is at the very limit of portability for a single person . The base is a little too wide to fit between the doors in my house so I have to put the cradle arms through first , then turn them around the outside of the door to allow the base to slip through.The 9x50 finderscope is actually good quality . I had no problems focusing it -LRB- unlike other 's I 've used -RRB- and it 's easy to align using only 3 screws instead of 6 -LRB- those I have trouble with -RRB- . The finderscope is mounted a bit too close to the focuser and I was unable to mount my Telrad inbetween the two . This leaves two choices - either place it down toward the mirror cell about 6 '' -LRB- a little ackward -RRB- or on the far side of the 9x50 finder -LRB- my choice -RRB- . I rough aim with the Telrad , zero in with the optical finder and then view through the scope . I would have preferred though if the finder was mounted with enough room for the Telrad to be the main finder though . I suppose you could remove the optical finder altogether or drill new holes but I was n't bothered by it enough to go through the trouble.My scope was the demo unit at the store/observatory because they were out of stock so it 's had thousands of public viewers and was about a year old . This I think gives me the ability to report on how they `` wear '' . The mount is still very smooth - a moderate nudge in any direction allows for easy tracking . The variable tension knob on the alt . will loosen a bit after a while so you need to give a quarter turn from time to time -LRB- for me 2-3 times in 6 hours -RRB- . This tension is my favorite part of the scope - finally a dob that allows me to use any eyepiece combo and not have any balance issues.I carried the scope from the house to the backyard 6 times in two weeks and did n't have to re-collimate . This more than amazed me for a big scope . I drove it about 120 miles to eastern oregon to view from dark skies and it needed about 1/16th of a turn of one knob on the mirror cell to get it centered again . In addition to the adjustment knobs , there are three locking screws that really hold the cell firm.The eyepieces that came with it are ok so I gave them to a family member for their scope . Spending a decent amount on a scope like this also requires an investment in some Televue Eyepieces . My 35mm Panoptic has a great field of view -LRB- m81 and 82 with lots of room to spare - same for M97 & M108 -RRB- . This eyepiece got a fair amount of coma though . Since I love low power deep sky hunting , I 'm going to have to buy a Paracorr . My 26 and 13 plossl 's were sharp across the field and the 9mm nagler moved back to my favorite list.Now a word on performance . From a dark site , I used my 9mm Nagler on M51 and could obviously make out the spiral structure . I 've never used higher power on this before since it would wash out but I was looking for the supernova and the 12 '' aperture made it bright enough to startle me . I 've never actually seen the arms in a scope I own before . The veil was prominant in my 35mm panoptic however a 2 '' OIII filter I borrowed displayed magnificent tendrils and silky strands all over . I had little difficulty spotting the central star in M27 and found that averted vision was n't necessary -LRB- although it took me a sec to first notice it -RRB- . All of the Messier globulars resolve well even under light polluted skies . Although M13 is brighter , M3 & M5 are easier to resolve into the core since it 's not quite so crowded.I almost forgot to mention the Intelliscope computer which I just bought a few days ago . The encoders were already installed except for the one that comes with the computer . It took about 4 minutes . The two star alignment is a breeze although the faster you center your two stars the better since the computer has no frame of reference for your location yet and as the sky turns it will be less accurate . After the alignment it gives you a `` warp factor '' which indicates how accurate it will be . I found little difference between warp 0 and .4 -LRB- yes , I got a warp 0 once -RRB- . They all put objects about halfway between the center and the edge in my 35mm Panoptic -LRB- about 43x -RRB- . The computer 's database is comprehensive and I like the descriptions it has for each object -LRB- press enter to view description -RRB- . There 's an ID button that will tell you what you are looking at as well if you are just scanning and run into an unidentified fuzzy =-RRB- . It 's about as accurate , though not quite , for the planets . For about a hundred bucks , this is a great add on . I know many are purists and do n't like computers , preferring a finderscope and star chart - if you live under light polluted skies , it can be difficult to make out new constellations and this will point you in the right direction . I use this to find new objects which I then locate on a star chart and commit to memory . You do n't want an observing session to end just because you do n't have a fresh 9v battery ! For anyone new to the sky or just wanting to find a series of showpieces for a public viewing will enjoy the `` Tour '' feature . Punch in the month and it will determine what 's visible and give an excellent array of galaxies , nebulae , clusters , and double stars . The nice part is , it wo n't just stick to the Messier list , you 'll find some of the nicer NGC stuff . When viewing something , press cluster , galaxy , nebula and it will cycle through every object of that type it knows of in that constellation . I had quite a show when viewing M108 and asking it to show me every other NGC galaxy in Ursa Major!Bottom line , this scope was exactly what I was looking for . I 've owned reflectors from 3-10 '' and the 12 '' aperture is enough to finally enjoy some of the fainter Messier galaxies and not just struggle to detect them . The intelliscope computer is a tremendous aid that does n't have to become a crutch . It 's cumbersome to setup but once together , it 's very smooth to operate . I doubt anyone -LRB- who does n't mind the weight -RRB- would buy this and think they should have picked a different 12 '' dob .
 A great product and straight forward to use . There is certainly not a starter telescope but does a great job . The assembly , while not complicated , does take some time to figure out . The instructions are thorough , but does n't always match exactly what you get . For example , the starter holes for the eye piece rack were drilled on the wrong side of the base that I received . Not a problem to correct or work around but it can take time to figure out . If you 're willing to spend some time tinkering you can end up with a great product.This is a very large scope which means very , very large boxes . My only disappointment with this purchase is how long the shipping takes . Give the cost , I would have expected faster shipping but then I live in New Hampshire the warehouse is in California . The shipment was supposed to be in three boxes . I received two and waited almost a week before finding that one of the boxes was lost or misplaced . How do you misplace a six foot long box ? Orion Customer Service was very helpful and shipped the missing item right away , but it still took a week and a half to arrive . Shortly , thereafter I needed to replace the azimuth encoder board . Again , the customer service rep was great on the phone but delivery time was another week and a half for a letter sized package to arrive by Priority Mail.If you need to be taking it apart and setting it back up on a regular basis I recommend purchasing the padded case for the tube . This makes a huge difference being able to transport it with ease.Taking it apart and setting up is fast and simple with only few parts to remove/reattach . Once set up it 's very easy to use and locating objects is a very quick . I bought the intelliscope pull-to computer but you do n't need it to located objects if you have a good star map and some patience.Being able to switch between 2 '' eyepieces and 1.25 '' eyepieces quickly is a plus and makes moving from object to object a breeze . Unfortunately , image crispness of deep space objects has been disappointing but I still like the scope and recommend it .
 I bought this for my 9-month-old son to cuddle with . This royal blue elephant is just sooo cute and very nicely made . Actually , I have never come across a TY toy cheaply made . Worth every penny and will last for many years !! A +
 It came just in time my grandsons fav toy fanny he lost his and needed another one thanks a lot
 This elephant is absolutely amazing ! Yeah , its not the Beanie BABY , but , its still worth it . She is soft , and fluffy , and amazing in every way . I dont usually take my beanie babies with me , but she will come with me wherever i go !
 My son started out with an obsession of the Platypus . He loves Perry the Platypus , but the platypus is his favorite animal of all time , and it is very hard to find a platypus since they are not very common to find .
 This platypus is really cute & soft . . exactly what we expected . . but he came in the mail STRONGLY smelling like smoke ... and we have a completly non-smoking household so Its very noticable . My daughter wo n't even sleep with him because he smells so awful.He is a very cute toy , I just wish he didnt smell bad .
 This was purchased as a birthday gift and my daughter was thrilled to receive it .
 This product is great . I bought it for my significant other who 's favorite animal is the duck-billed platypus , and I am very satisfied with my purchase .
 We have two mini Patties -LRB- so cute ! -RRB- One is charles and the other is Nathan -LRB- we keep changing Nathan 's name though ! -RRB- I like platypuses , and this one is cool ! I 've never seen such a cute purple platypus !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 There really is n't any need to spend significant space on the overall quality of this product ; Crayola is a known brand with high standards which follow through to this as well . What is more important is expressing how important it is for schools to incorporate the multicultural coloring products into their classrooms . It is not easy to find these products outside of online and catalogue venues -LRB- which is unfortunate -RRB- , however it is critical for young students of color -LRB- or Caucasian students , for that matter -RRB- to have a full range of options when asked -LRB- as they so often are -RRB- to draw themselves , their family , or their general community . The 10 shades offered here help them do that accurately .
 I decided to try my hands at illustrating , starting with my son 's book . This is n't for-profit just FUN !!!! Of course , I did n't want to spend bundles on the artist markers like Copic so I turned to Crayola . I got the Crayola Super Tips from Target , but it did n't have good flesh tones . What was a girl to do ? Lo and behold , Crayola came out with an array of flesh tone markers in its Multicultural marker set . I could n't wait to receive these babies . I have n't used them yet -LRB- maybe I 'll make a video when I do -RRB- , but I tested out the colors
 This is great for coloring fans of all ages . I know how hard it is to find good skin tone markers myself . The top on the market are the Copic which are about nine bucks a marker . And just to high a price to pay for most of us . So these are a great alternative .
 My family roots are caucasion . My daughter married a man from Mexico who has dark skin . My beautiful granddaughters are three distinct shades of a mix of their parents skin tones . I am very happy to find this product that will allow my granddaughters to express themselves as individuals . - A note to `` Seriously ? '' - I am a very pale shade of caucasion/white and never understood why I was suppose to color myself -LRB- in drawings -RRB- as orange , yellow , tan , or snow-white . People come in a rainbow of non-binary colors and it 's time we celebrate that .
 These are great to have around when my children want to color pictures of people .
 My son was asking me to pass him the &#34; skin color &#34; marker so I looked for these and they have been a great lesson . He loves to color all kinds of people and now can see that we all come in different colors .
 These markers definitely met my expectations . I am a homeschooling mother of 6 , and we draw illustrations continually while we learn our lessons . We have had to be very patient when coloring pictures of people , while the children take turns with the very few tan/beige/peach / light brown colors we could find in our regular sets of crayons and markers . And , we had many `` complaints '' that the right color for coloring in `` skin '' could not be found . But these markers definitely solved that problem . Their choice for eight different skin tones are wonderful and cover a wide range . These certainly exceeded my expectations . I love that they are washable , too , which means we can use them with a paintbrush and water to paint lighter tones with any of the markers . These colors have a nice variety of undertones , too . Some have the more yellow undertones , and others have the more pink/red undertones . And , I am assuming these will have the same longevity as our other Crayola markers . I will post an update if I find otherwise . I have been searching for `` skin tone '' markers , crayons , and colored pencils for quite some time . This set is definitely the best I have found after looking at dozens of products .
 Crayola is always knowing for making a really good product . Great price too . I would purchase it again for sure .
 A BlackChildBooks.com recommendation . Great product for validating the skin color of all children and allowing children to enjoy and appreciate all skin tones through experimentation while drawing and coloring . A much better product than Crayola 's multicultural crayons because all the colors are realistic . -LRB- The crayon pack includes some weird skin colors , like the black and white crayons . -RRB-
 The children loved using colors that they are able to color colors that match their own skin color . I will be buying more for sure in the future .
 I ordered the 8 pack for my 5 year old son for Christmas who spends much of his free time creating art . He currently has all the other color packs -LRB- Bold , Classica and Tropical -RRB- of washable markers crayola has to offer and becomes giddy when new colors come along ! I was pleased to find these on Amazon as often he will want to draw his friends or classmates who have various skin colors / ethnicities , but is perplexed when their color is not in the box . Additionally , the clean up is always nice for parents . So , if you have a young budding artist in your home , who is particular about color and you do n't want to spend your free time looking for internet remedies for cleaning up permenant marker , these are amazing !
 The reality is that we live in a very diverse world with people of very different shapes , backgrounds and colours ... these are n't perfect skin colours , but do lend themselves to allowing children to colour people differently - even within the same family , members can have different skin colours ... and these colours do n't necessarily need to be used just for skin ... if put in a container with all of the other wonderful Crayola colours , children can still choose how they wish to colour things and people ... this is a wonderful product and I will continue to buy these as mine wear out !
 My granddaughters both wanted these markers -- I had gotten the multicultural crayons and they wanted the markers . They both really like these markers and used them immediately upon opening them .
 Not only do these markers allow my kids to draw people with real skin colors -LRB- not having to use yellow or peach -RRB- , but they have also discovered that these markers can be used to give their drawings different HAIR colors as well ! Perfect for trying to draw someone that actually LOOKS like the person they intend it to be . And the washability is always priceless . By far our favorite marker find .
 Great addition of colors and tones to our marker collection . I 've purchased this set for both school and home and love the opportunity it provides for children .
 This item was purchased for my kindergarten granddaughter who needed these markers as part of her school supplies . I was unable to find them either at Staples or Office Max and was glad that there was a seller on Amazon who had this product . Since they live in another state , I never saw the product . But it seemed to be just fine .
 If only I could buy a box of peach markers . Well I ca n't , but this is close . I hear lots of stories from my kids about who has a great peach marker at school . This is great , especially if you want to teach diversity . Hard to find
 This also was for my grandson and he really likes his Rover sleeps with it all the time . Was delivered before the scheduled time in great condition , very happy with all my orders from Amazon thank you.Jean Lewis
 It was exactly like the one i had before . Looks like the pic showed . and looked new as new . : -RRB-
 Not too much to say about a stuffed dog , but my daughter loves it . She takes it with her everywhere .
 I find these rings are so handy on my board in my classroom . Other teachers want them !! Durable and functional ... ca n't beat that .
 These little gadgets are a teachers life saver . No more looking for a dry erase marker , they are always on the board ready for your use .
 Got this for our nephew because our oldest son has a well-loved panda named Arla who has taken on a life of her own . Our nephew fell in love with Arla and wanted his own panda -- this one is perfect . He named it Kung Fu , and it goes EVERYWHERE with him -- even to feed the dolphins while on vacation . Kung Fu and Arla plan to get married next year and have one hundred million babies : -RRB-
 What a nice soft , plush little panda ! I like that he is on his belly . My son likes to put the bear over his shoulder like a mom would hold a baby . It feels like a little baby panda . The fur is so soft ... silky in texture . So a little kid would probably love this . The delivery was super fast and the price was just right .
 My son was given this the first time when he was born . He is now ten years old and lost it in the hospital . So , I bought him a new one . He loves it . The first one was still in perfect condition after 10 years of being held , spit up on , peed on , and thrown in the wash numerous times . He has a huge panda collection because of this first toy and it is a very special item . If you want something that will last through childhood , I do n't think you could find anything that might stand up like one of the TY toys .
 Brought this for a co-worker who loves flamingos . She loves it and its a good size for a beanie bear .
 While the board is cute , the stability of the ears is questionable . The seller we purchased from was very nice and offered to return it for us or discount the price . I do n't really feel the board is the Disney quality we expect , but it is really cute and for those that play crib and like Disney it is fun .
 There are various sizes . buddy , buddy large , buddy XL , buddy jumbo . Had bought the wrong size . wanted buddy large but got buddy instead as I was not aware that buddy and buddy large is different in size . However called the seller , and they are wonderful ! They agreed to some refund . Would surely deal with them again .
 We bought this for our 4 year old for Christmas when she asked for a monkey . It 's larger than typical beanie babies and the fur is very soft . She carries this everywhere . The arms and legs are floppy which makes it really cute .
 Toy is a very cuddly , appealing soft sculpture . My grandkids love sitting and watching TV with him and even playing `` catch '' with him . Overall , a good purchase . Vendor provided good description and fast service both times I 've done business with him/her .
 Tad the frog is wearing a bib that displays the title of this `` book ''
 This is a great little Tad for babies . My son also has the Hug and Learn Baby Tad , but it is a little big for his hands right now . This is the perfect size for him ! The pages are easy to turn and the different songs and faces about feelings -LRB- happy , sad and sleepy -RRB- are great !! This is a toy that will be around for years to come . Great toy !!
 This book is absolutely wonderful for my boys . They are 10 months old and play with it all of the time . They even fight over it ! It rewards them each time they turn a page , working on cause and effect and fine motor skills . Wonderful !
 I bought this right after my daughter was born and figured she would grow into it . She 's now a year old and has never really shown any interest in it . She 's very active and would rather be doing something else . It 's really cute though so I am holding out that she might become interested in it sooner or later .
 Charlie is not even 6 months old but she totally fell in love with this book right after we helped her open it . The other reviewers were right on . Thanks !
 My daughter has had this doll for about four months now and it is one of her favorite toys . We take it with us everywhere . The three sayings get a little trying for adults , but my daughter can listen to `` I 'm Feeling Happy ... sad . . sleepy and the songs that accompany the saying all day long . The battery life on this toy is pretty good too . I would recommend it for sure !
 This was exactly what I expected , except bigger ! I did n't read carefully enough , note that this is a BEANIE BUDDY not a beanie baby . It 's about 3x larger . This was a pleasant surprise for me , but I understand how some may not like that .
 This teddy was in perfect condition as promised . Very happy with the vendor and how quickly I received the item .
 I got two of these dolls one for my daughter the other for her cousin . It was a hit , this doll is surely a pleasure to lug around for my daughter . It has a nice weight to it but not too heavy for little arms . She smells like a baked good and she washable , love it ! The outfit it easy to take off and put on , this is good practice to build fine motor-skills . My only complaint is I wish it was made in the USA .
 The SM Bikes in general are some fun models to put together . This has an added little bonus of a sidecar with a heavy weapon . I have a current build that runs three of these ; each part of an SM Bike Squad.The bike portion of the kit is pretty cut and dry as far as getting it put together . I 'm able to dish these out pretty quick ... the sidecar can prove a little challenging in getting the gunner lined up with the weapon ... or even putting the sidecar itself together , you want to becareful not to nudge pieces you put together for other pieces that need to come on -LRB- ex
 I got this quickly , and the product was as expected.The box was wrapped in a curios amount of packaging however ...
 I AM A COLLECTOR OF JOHN DEERE AND THESE ARE A MUST VERY ADORIABLE .
 Very cuddly and soft , even at 20 I have him next to me at night , ready to catch any stray night terrors with his froggy tounge :D , Really , its a great durable stuffed animal , and one of TY 's best . I love him !
 The frog is the same as it has was 8 years ago . My son had one since he was a baby , and the new one looks exactly like the old one . My son loves it !
 This is a great table ! The goal flex feature adds a whole new dimension to an already great game by keeping the ball on the table so it is in constant play and allowing you to change the size of the goals for a more or less challenging game . Goal flex aside it is also a high quality , great looking table .
 Being originally from Chicago and now in SoCal this fit the bill for my son looking to stay in touch with the town that he grew up in . Fit and finish is on par with any new Monopoly game but what 's most interesting are the array of logos , pictures , icons , etc all being Bears . However , as a kid of the 60 's , the omission of Dick Butkus is glaring .
 I purchased this game as a gift and by the third day of receiving the gift my brother had played it twice . He 's very happy with it .
 Be sure to grab this if you can ! She 's worth quite a bit of money if you can find her . But , in our house , she 's just a toy , one of the famous Justice League that gets TONS of play ! These guys are so durable , although not so comfortable when they go to bed with children ! They 're just incredibly fun , posable , etc. , and they go everywhere - to grandma 's , dentist , etc. . Highly , highly recommend these Justice League action figures . They 're definitely in a league of their own !
 I love Snort the bull , it is such a great toy for kids to have. , Really , TY Beanie Babies rock !!!!!!!!! So EVERYBODY , yes , even you shorty shouldorder this !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 Item was a good product . The colors and details are good . It is a nice piece to have it in my collection .
 I purchased this game for a friend for christmas . He loves playing games and football . I received the gamed well before christmas . I love shopping with Amazon . They have a wide variety of products and are excellent with their shipping . I know my friend will love all the products I purchased for him from Amazon . I highly recommend shopping with Amazon .
 I have been a huge fan of Neon Genesis Evangelion and especially of Rei Ayanami . Having watched all the different releases of Neon Genesis over the years , Rei has always been the 14 year old `` First Child '' of the series . Now , Rei has grown up and looks fantastic as a Japanese `` Race Queen '' , in her duo-tone swimsuit and required umbrella . The quality of the figure is first rate and perfectly depicts Rei in all her glory and beauty.If you are looking to either begin a collection of Rei figures or just want to add to your current collection , this is the figure you need to put at the top of your shopping list .
 ok i had got this figure for a friend , the price was more than right and i knew it will be well done because of kotobukiya always seem to make good stuff , as i gave this to may friend he was over joyed and for what i can see about it it looked very good for if you like `` Neon Genesis '' get this figure or you looking for a not so pricy figure to add to your shelf this will work out nicely , or if your starting a collection ...
 It 's not quite what I thought I was getting . I got the yellow/black scheme instead of the blue pictures . Still very good for the price and a nice add on to my collection .
 Not as impressive as some of the higher end PVC 's but its a good quality and its very inexpensive . maybe a good idea for someone who is new to collecting and is not sure if they know what are .
 This figure is nice , very simple but nice . The only thing that I hate is the ` Comic Con ' logo in her top . Anyway , It 's a very nice cheap figure !
 This is an awesome CAR!I played with it so much it ran out of juice alot of times.I love this car so much I will buy some for my friends.COOL CAR gets 5000000000 Stars !
 To my knowledge these items run out of stock due to being new and the now relatively very low price compared to the other fine Coronado H-Alpha solar filters-scopes . Price on this one is $ 499 , prior models several times this cost , specs on these quality filters are amazing , 1/100th light wave tolerence compared to a usual 1/4 or better light wave of many telescopes . The PST Solar instrument gives amazing results , tho only 40mm objective -LRB- front lens -RRB- still gives startling views of the Sun in the Hydorgen-Alpha Spectrum . Image appears red when viewed , able to see fine line Filaments , a granualtion effect covers the entire solar shpere , sunspots visible , along with many many other features as Plage -LRB- bright areas of activity -RRB- , solar prominences ejecting on outer limb are very impressive to say the least . The fine detail may fall slightly less than its other more expensive models , but an amazing amount of features are visible . Treated to what probably was a solar flare just off center inside the sloar sphere , kept building and became a fantastic bright White Area , actually glowed , lasted several minutes !! Just purchased this Coronado PST . The tube is all metal aluminum , very well made , can be set up on a simple camera tripod ! I 'm completely new to H-Alpha viewing , takes awhile to grasp the view for the newcomer . Had a little trouble focusing the first time , concentrated on the solar spots , and things started to come into view nicely . No moving parts all internal , like the twist focus knob and a clever sol range finder reflects a small image of the sun on top of the scope for alignment , also is a ring tuner at base of the round scope where it fastens to the square portion , was unable to view the beautiful prominences on the suns edge until I gave the tuner a twist , suddenly several popped into view , one with a loop , some shooting straiht up , fantastic ! One word of caution , these function with what are calleg etalon filter -LRB- s -RRB- two are suspended , not locked into a cell etc , therefore this can be a slightly delicate instrument far as ruff handling in shipment , from their past experience , Coronado strongly suggests shipping 1-2 day air only , decreases the handling problems ! Infact their Warranty Demands this type of shipment ! Scope is designed for Sun -LRB- Solar -RRB- viewing only , but what a scope . . &#60; &#62; ... Caution , may be very addictive ! . . &#60; &#62; . . PS Orion may also still sell these , check for availabilty . . &#60; &#62; . .
 This toy is a fun experience to all young adults . It is not meant for 5 year olds , but it makes a great christmas present . I love using this with my friends . I played this for a long time and it never once got boring . It keeps you on your toes and tells you to watch your back or get shocked . Although it might be a little rough for some kids that have trouble in school . I love that you can shoot someone and they ca n't get hurt . Just make sure that your child is doing well in school , and if he/she is , it works great on birthdays or even on a holiday .
 Yes ! This toy does what it says . . it shocks you when you are hit . But do n't let that freak you out ! There are different levels of shock that you can set it at ... and it is a blast ! I have 3 boys and they have friends over all the time just to play with them ! It is a favorite at our house ! The shock is not overwhelming ... but enough to make you try and not get hit ! As far as dangerous goes ... there are a million things I can think of far more dangerous than this !
 I bought three pairs of these laser tag guns as Christmas presents for myself , my brother , and my cousins for us to share . I already knew what to expect , and I had a feeling they 'd enjoy it as much as I did when I first played with them . I was right . So after playing a few rounds , here is the main thing to keep in mind if you decide to purchase these toys
 One side of the toy is the great Optimus Prime movie robot version . On the other side a small but detailled Trunk -LRB- optimus transformed -RRB- A great toy if your thinking to use as a decoration . It 's the only one who has the best similitude with the movie robot . also it seems been made not only of plastic but oilskins
 I got this for my daughter for Christmas . It 's a lot of fun and we both really enjoy it . This has all the characters from the show , complete with Rosa Linda and the Bunny Scouts even . It includes most of Max and Ruby 's toys and a few different poses of each of the characters . In the living room scene if you look closely you can even see a picture of Max and Ruby 's parents , which I 'd never seen before so I thought that was kind of neat . My only problem with this toy is the price . When I saw it was over $ 20 , I assumed it would be bigger than it was . The backgrounds are just thin cardboard inserts that you stick to the inside of the case with the magnets . The magnets are like the flexible refrigerator kinda although they are fairly thick and durable . The toy is of good quality but I have a feeling it was intended to be sold closer the to $ 10 range . I do n't regret my purchase but I do wish I 'd paid less for it . Also , my daughter is only 2 and this toy is recommended for 4 and up . Some of the pieces are very small and her play has to be supervised , but I do n't mind playing with her with this anyway .
 My kids love Max and Ruby , the cartoon . So this magnetic toy is great to recreate the stories , or just make up their own stories !
 Actually , my grandchild has n't had her birthday yet , but shesure does love Max and Ruby so I 'm anxious to see her reaction.The product was delivered on time and in excellent condition.Thank you , amazon .
 A lot of outdoor fun along with sharing with brother . Fun to watch . It really looks like the real thing .
 My son loves math , and my son likes to play with my calculator . I thought this would be an excellent toy for him because unlike a regular calculator where you type in each number then get an answer but ca n't see the whole problem at one time , this one displays it just as you would write it out . This is helpful for visually seeing all the parts of the problem and I think it reinforces math skills.The down side is there are no `` games '' to this . it is just a calculator , but if you have a kid who likes to play with your calculator , this is a much better choice.There are an add , subtract , Multiply and divide function . You can do decimal numbers too . There is no % or square root button . There is no back button . No other features that might come on a standard calculator , but most kids do n't know what those things are anyway.With the decimal numbers , this little gizmo will line them up just the way you would write them out , which is nice.All in all , this is n't going to be the most fun toy - but I think this IS an ideal kid 's calculator .
 I love the fact that this calculator puts the equations in the form they are learning in school . You actually get to see the equation , not just the answer . AND it shows the dividing `` bridge '' in division , not the dash with dots over/under it.I think it helps my son see the equations in a form that is meaningful because it 's how his teacher does it & how it is on his homework . He 's 6 & thinks it is fun to just sit around & practice with equations , testing himself before he hits equal for the answer . Glad I bought it .
 I purchased this calculator my my special needs child and it has been great . Simple , easy to use and see what she is really doing . I would recommend this item to others .
 The See N Solve Visual Calculator is really useful for helping young ones who are just learning their math skills . To actually see the problem on the screen is very productive to understanding what the child is doing . I , as a grandmom , had a hard time pushing the numbers , but that may be just me , because my grandson has no problem at all . I would recommend this as a gift or an aid to help with math .
 My grand nephew loves this toy ! He learns while he plays and the toy is very well made . It was an excellent gift for Christmas !
 As a special education teacher , I am always looking for ways to make math easier for my students . Many of them struggle with memory and transferring information on the page to a calculator without losing their place or forgetting what they had already done . This product is great and I have recommended it to my parents !!
 I bought both the fraction calculator and the see n solve . The brightness of the display screen was normal on fraction calculator and dim on the see n solve . The fraction calculator dose not display adding or subtracting in the same format as the see n solve . If the display was brighter this would be 5 stars .
 This Dale jr rc car has incorrect graphics in this picture . It should be a huge Wheat Crest on the hood . NOT the Chance 2 racing logo . It is extremely rare to find a Chance 2 racing version . Please check your stock !!
 This was a gift for my 5 year old granddaughter 's birthday and she loves it . She wanted a baby doll with hair and this one is so cute . She has made a little bed beside her bed for the doll.This doll is well constructed , as all Corolle dolls are , and looks just like the picture . It arrived in 2 days from Amazon 's speedy service.Overall a very pleasant experience .
 Again , a toy I bought for my classroom , along with others in this set , and my 7 year old son had a fit when he saw me opening it to put in one of my centers . I thought it was original because it is for boys , so essentially its like having a Barbie and her accessories except the boys love it !! We love all of the sets we 've purchased !! Painters , builders , etc !!
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 I bought this game as a present for my new son-in-law who is a Marine . He loved it . It was the hit of the week between x-mas and New Year 's while they were home . It helped make some great family memories .
 Game play is identical to the original Monopoly . The railroads are replaced with divisions , and the community power/water places are replaced with PT and something else , ca n't remember . There 's a $ 75 Marine Corps Ball Fund instead , all the properties are things like M16 , combat boots , molle pack , amphibian assault vehicle , etc. . It was a lot of fun to play with my fiance who has been around the Corps for a couple years now , because you 're fonder of certain properties when they 're more relevant to you , instead of just being `` Broadway '' I 'm pretty sure it 's the M16 . I think it will be even more fun when he can play with his brother , who is also in the Corps .
 My son just joinned the US Marines , thought he 'd get a kick out of this for Christmas ! Everyone has fun playing Monopoly ...
 Playing Marines Monopoly is a great way to spend time with my family . The adults enjoy it as well as the kids . If you have a U.S. Marine in your family , this is a great gift and game to play .
 A great way to spend an evening showing your basic skills . Beats anything on the boob tube .
 I got this game because my son just join the Marines and my husband got a big kick out of this game it was alot of fun to play he was a former marine himself . It was a great price and fast shipping .
 This is a great edition of monopoly ! It is higher priced , though . Lots of fun to play with the Marine in the family !
 Monopoly game in the form of US Marines ; Marine son and his buddies in Afghanistan loved it ; played for hours passing the time between patrols .
 I bought this for my father -LRB- 15 year marine core veteran -RRB- and he never seen any thing like it . Do n't think twice , just by it .
 Well since this table is moderately expensive at $ 548.00 you have to be serious about wanting a nice hockey table . Sure you could spend a lot more but most people have a budget . $ 548 may seem expensive but you really do get what you pay for . Just read the reviews on the cheap tables and you decide . Sure some are pretty good and will last a little while but I beieve the way this one is built and because of its size will continue to provide fun for many years to come.All I can say is this 8ft table is BIG but because of its thin top design its easyily manuverable through tight spaces ... especially when trying to go around a corner on basement stairs . The walls need to be touched up but it made it and that 's the important thing . It is very solid and heavy yet me -LRB- average size guy -RRB- and my wife -LRB- average size -RRB- were able to carry it down and once the legs were installed , flip it over . Do n't get me wrong though this is a very heavy table but two guys for sure can manage this one.As for play the pucks are small ... but they work just great . They only flew off the table once in awhile when playing two on two and two people went after the puck . It 's going to happen but I thought from first glance that this size puck was going to be a problem ... Wrong ! Air pressure is just fine ... nothing stellar but this is n't a commercial table either . Thought about buying some bigger pucks ... may still do so but really its not needed and they may not even move around as well.Perfect size for a downstairs recroom ! Big enough to provide fun which these smaller tables just do n't measure up too . If you can spend the extra do so you wo n't regret it.Game play is UNBELIEVEABLE ! So many variations and goal sizes makes for lots of interesting play . I could possibly see where one reviewer thought solo play may have some issues with the puck returning to you ... but who want 's to play solo anyways!Overall GREAT TABLE . GREAT Price at $ 548 shipped ... no tax and no shipping ... under these conditions this table is a no brainer ! Even with shipping its one heck of a table .
 This product is a great buy . Will provide hours of entertainment for you and the whole family .
 My husband enjoyed it when he opened up his sword for Christmas and we crowned him King of his new home . It really looks amazing and is a great inexpensive give .
 I had ordered this set for my boss as a Christmas gift . As she is a big fan of both Elvis and Poker , I thought that it would be a slam dunk ... and it was !!! I was surpisingly impressed with the case that the set came in , it is a cushy white and has gold stars attached to it . The cards hold up well and on the `` King '' cards there is a photograph of Elvis on the face side . I was most concerned about the weight of the chips , as that can make-or-break a poker set . Although these chips are n't as heavy as a professional set , they are clay and have a nice feel to them -LRB- not the light plastic chip that I was concerned about getting -RRB- . I would recommend this set for the `` casual '' poker player or even something to put on display as a conversation piece . For $ 40.00 I am extremely pleased !!!
 Fantastic piece for anyone who likes Bome and Otaku No Video . High quality figure . Great sculpting and paint .
 gave as a gift the little girl says she loves it and still a yr later is playing with it few pieces lost but thats expected with so many pieces lol
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 This pig e bank is very cute ! My kids like putting the money in & even re-counting it over & over . It did get a little annoying when we first got it as my daughter had A LOT of change to put in , but that was only initially . She really likes seeing her total amount increase !
 I got this `` Toy '' for a friend of mine who always seemed to have an enormous amount of change Floating about her house , I was thrilled with the shinny chrome plastic piggy and was sure she would love that it keeps a running total for her . DRAWBACK - every time you put money in it `` talks '' announcing what the change is called and then the total `` Nickel , 5 cents '' then keeps talking asking to be feed for a few minutes -- and there is no way to turn that talking part off , I guess a kid might like to be encouraged to go and raid the house to feed its hungry chrome piggy but for an adult its just a bit ANNOYING . My Friend says its not that bad and you get use to it asking for money , she is just thrilled that her husband has taken to depositing all his change there everyday with a goal of a vacation .
 This soldier fights for justice , freedom , and in your kid 's name . This kind of soldier keeps them safe because the weapon is not removable . This figure is very durable and hard to break . I will give this knight 10 out of 10 points for all lasting fun and educational .
 My daughter got this for a school project when she had to dress up like a famous person . She used it for a prop and all the kids love it . She continues to play with it as do her friends when they come over !
 The Houston Zoo has a wonderful exhibit of these cuddly critters . You ca n't hug them , but you can hug your Folkmanis koala as much as you please . He comes with his own eucalyptus leaves , so you do n't have to worry about feeding him . He would LOVE to go to the zoo with you , even if your zoo does n't have any of his relatives . ANY teacher would love to have one , too .
 If you started the OpenROV project , only to realize that the impellers the author suggests will not mount onto the motor axles , than these will work . The motors had a 3mm shaft and these fit on them just fine .
 I bought this propeller -LRB- and the similar left-hand onePropeller , Left , 4mm
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 As a collecter of the Necron army , it is essential for one to have a C'Tan god in there army . And with the Nightbring being the coolest looking in my opinion , I had to get this . It 's a very easy model to build even if it is all metal besides the base . The one thing I am worried about though is the scythe blade part . It 's broken a few times and I 'm nervous whenver I put it in the box to travel with it somewhere . Painting presented a challenge to me because it 's an organic model rather than a robotic one . But overall it turned out pretty well and am happy with it . Though after about 2-3 years of having it , the paint is starting to chip . So it may be time to see how my skills have improved : D
 Note despite this being one of the coolest and nastiest 40k pieces in the game with its incredible stats -LRB- no saves against it of any type -RRB- not to mention its a strength 10 hit but with the incredible toughness on this piece no strength 4 weapon can hurt it period.However the model itself was an absolute pain to assemble you will need to pin the arms and scythe blade onto the body because no glue will hold it on for long at all .
 This is a great value for a certified match ball . It plays and practices very well and has a solid and satisfying feel . It holds air well . Compared to many balls it 's slippery , which is a nice change from most other balls . You can slide it around and dribble it much easier than many balls that are more prone to grip the grass and catch on your cleats.If I had any complaint it would be that the ball seems pretty hard at the rated pressure when it 's new . But it 's easy enough to under-inflate it a bit , and over time it seems to loosen up somewhat . Highly recommended .
 This ball has a great touch and feel . I had trained with the Nike Veer and that is a nice ball . This one seems to fly further , has a more deft juggling touch and more prounounced bend . Nothing against the Veer but this ball rocks !
 The ball is quality training ball , it 's not a high level match ball , but for the price , it 's obvious that it 's not . Now that I do not play in college anymore I use this ball to play in men 's leagues in the city . It works great , flies well and has a nice touch on it . Best ball at this price
 Ball has a great feel . Kicks well . Nice weight . Much easier to kick than most cheaper soccer balls . Retains air better than most soccer balls . Cover does seem to hold dirt more easily after a couple months of use -LRB- retains an older ball appearance unless you clean it -RRB- . Six months of hard use and seems to be holding up just fine .
 The ball is great . Very easy to control , great bounce . It was definite , very clear improvement over `` other '' balls that we used .
 It came exactly as pictured ! Though , one must remember that 8.5 '' is not very large . However , the Miffy is super cute and a great addition to the collection .
 We have at least five other Leap Pad books , but this one is by far my son 's favorite . The activities are better too -LRB- we just love composing music on the `` Get Ready to Rock '' page -RRB- . I 'd definitely recommend it .
 I bought this for my four-year old granddaughter who is seldom still . She was so excited about her SpongBob book . She chooses it on her own to play with everytime she visits .
 My oldest child got this when she was 3 . Now that she has outgrown her My First Leap Pad , my little one has taken it over .
 we bought the first leappads for two grandkids per school age and all the books to go with them very good for kids i ` am sure we will move up to the next leapfrog set as they get older
 My 3 year old loves this book . The games are fun and easy for a preschooler . His favorite is matching the fish and echo cave . He likes the Spongbob book much more that the book that came with the leap pad unit . My five year old has a leap pad plus writing system and tons of books , but he will get this one out and play with it once in a while too . I highly recomend this one !!
 We just bought this toy for our 3 year old son , and it is great!He has n't officially been able to play with it yet -LRB- b/c it 's a Christmas present -RRB- , but my husband and I could n't resist . It 's made of a neutral , wood color , so it matches anywhere in your home and it 's not wobbly like so many other easels we looked at . Also , the chalk board is a REAL chalkboard , not plastic like the one on the Little Tikes easel . The only downside that I found was that there was only one supply tray , but that 's not a big deal . As for the screws that stick out , they are tiny and not even close to my son 's height -LRB- maybe his height at 6 mo -RRB- so there 's no danger of him losing an eye on it . Overall , it 's a GREAT buy for the money ... especially since it 's on sale this week !
 I bought this easel for my 2 year old nephew , based mostly on the reviews here . I can definitely say I scored big with him this birthday . . and with his parents . Little Dean uses his easel every day , and the adults also use it as a message board for each other . I 've gotten nothing but rave reviews from them on this , so it looks like Dean 's cousin Eli 's getting one for Christmas !
 This item I recommend highly , my daughter loves it she always has it up and ready . I also had one as a child and I highly recommend to kids of all ages !!
 We bought this easel for our son instead of the little tikes mission style easel which is -LSB- alot -RSB- more . It is ok but we made it better . The dry erase board is not a very good surface , when my son writes on it and then tries to erase , it wo n't erase . The only way the marker will come off is to use the spray , and I am not real eager to give my 4 year old something to spray himself in the eye with . Also it would be nice if it had another tray for the other side . I bought it anyway and had my brother-in-law make an additional tray and had him cut a new piece of dry erase board and glued it on top of the one that does n't erase well . Now , it is perfect , and the supplies for the repairs/modifications , only -LSB- a few dollars -RSB- , which is still way under what we would have paid for the little tikes mission stlye easel . You do need someone who can do small carpentry jobs , if not I would think twice about this easel .
 first of all i must say that my child enjoys the double easel blackboard and in my opinion toys r us shouldnt have discontinue this particular product because this is something that kids love . .
 I bought this for my two year old son and have been very pleased . It is the one toy that gets used on a daily basis . It is well built and easily stands up to the rigors of a two year old . The chalk board is of high quality and cleans easily . It is better than most black boards on the market . The dry erase side also cleans easily and does not stain as some boards do.I give this item a very high rating .
 Santa bought this toy for my 2 girls age 3 & 5 and three weeks after Christmas this is still the one toy they come back to play and play again . My oldest practices her letters and numbers and the youngest draws me beautiful pictures . There are no fights as one uses the chalkboard while one uses the dry erase . It works out well as a perfect sharing toy . It also folds nicely to be moved from room to room . The only drawbacks are there should be two holders , -LRB- one for the dry erase side and one for the chalkboard side -RRB- and I wish the dry erase side was magnetic Otherwise its GREAT !
 I bought this for my sister about 4 years ago and it still looks good . She still plays with it at age 10 . I think the quality of the blackboard is better than the other easels made by known companies . I would definitely buy this again and recommend it to others .
 Do n't waste your money on those other easels that can be much more ! This one is nearly perfect and at a great price . If it had a dowel to support a paper roll , or clips to hold paper , it would be perfect . Easy to fix with a visit to home depot for a dowel or clips and a roll or pad of paper . Great chalk board surface , too .
 My daughter received this easel for her 3rd birthday from her aunt and uncle . I knew she would like it , but I was really suprised by how much her 8 and 11 year old brothers liked it too . It has been played with every day since she got it by all three kids . The birthday girl immediately showed us that she can draw stick people now -LRB- with noses and hair ! -RRB- , something I 've never seen her do on paper . I think it is easier for her since she 's drawing on a larger scale than on 8 x 11 paper on the table . Her brothers have used it to play school , draw goofy cartoons , and practice multiplication tables . Her baby sister likes to pull up and bang on it too ! We are glad that the tray detaches easily so that we can put all the markers and chalk up out of Baby 's reach . I also think it would have been nice to have two trays , one for each side . The easel is a nice quality product and is very classy looking and it folds to less than 2 '' thick with the tray removed . Dry erase markers and erasers were easy to find , but I had to search to find a nice felt chalkboard eraser - try a school supply store . Altogether an excellent gift for our whole family - we should have had one years ago ! Thank you Chi Chi and Doyle !
 I bought this for my two year old son and have been very pleased . It is the one toy that gets used on a daily basis . It is well built and easily stands up to the rigors of a two year old . The chalk board is of high quality and cleans easily . It is better than most black boards on the market . The dry erase side also cleans easily and does not stain as some boards do.I give this item a very high rating .
 My kids use this toy more than any other . This is all you need in an easel . The tray for chalk or paints switches from side to side , depending on what you need . It is foldable and classic looking . Timeless .
 A nice medium-sized easel , but with one bad flaw . There is only one tray , which can be moved from one side to the other . The tray is held on by two screws on either side - you pop the tray over the screws , then push down , and it locks into place . To remove it , you pop it up , then pull it off . Nice and easy , but leaves two screws sticking out about 1/3 -1 / 2 inch from the bottom of the easel , perfect toddler-eye height or just right for kids to trip and cut their face or clothes with - Not a good buy for young households !!! if you can manage to get a second tray , this oops could probably be remedied , but I guess you have to write the manufacturer . It 's too bad , because it 's a nice little easel and looks like it could last a while otherwise .
 I just love this Easel . My twins love it also . This was very easy to put together and is very sturdy . My biggest complaint is that I had to add clips to hold paper and it only has one tray for supplies . Otherwise , this was a great buy . Thank-you !!!
 This is my daughter 's absolute favorite thing to play with ! I highly recommend it for inspiring creativity !
 I bought this easel about 5 years ago for my girls , they are now 12 and 8 and they Still play school with this ! It folds up for easy storage , my girls have dragged this everywhere in the house and outside to play . Out of many years of buying toys for my kids , this is the only thing that they still have in one piece and still play with . I know I definitely got my money 's worth !! And I am going to buy my niece and nephew one also !!!!
 It is really fun because you can get a kid and take care of it till it grows up , then you go onto the next generation . It is also really cool because you can take it on car rides and different places.It has a pause button so it wont get sick or die while you have to leave it . It is pretty durable because i have dropped it on the floor alot and its still in good condition the only thing is the screen scratches pretty easily .
 Tamagotchi connestion is really fun , clever and well , ROCKS ! Its cool coz you can look after it its really funny and cute I mean funny coz it toilet trains ! you name it and care for it and it can connect with other tamas , make friends , go on dates , marry and even have babies ! You can send prezies to your tama friends and your tamagotchi can even wear costume ! for example
 This toy is awesome . It is like a virtual pet . You can feed it , you can play with it , you connect with other people , and you can set the timer for when it wake up and when it falls to sleep.I think this is the coolest toy ever built . What is your respones ?
 Tamagotchis are the absolout best toy ever . They are so fun I love the store its awsome ! The best thing about it is you never know what your going to get for charicters . Collecting gotchi points and shopping for cool stuff . The only bad thing is that you have to be an adult to use most of the stuff . Tamas are totally genius . There amazing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is the coolest toy EVER ! It teaches kids responsibility by taking care of your virtuale friend.It is also portable .
 We have fun playing with our electronic toy that teaches us responsibility in taking care of an electronic pet from a baby into an adult . If you do n't take care of it , it will die . You have to reset the game to start over again , but you never know if it is going to be a girl or a boy the next time around . This Tamagotchi can connect with other Tamagotchi 's and give them give gifts -LRB- good or bad -RRB- . If it gives a bad one , you have to give it time out . I recommend this toy to anyone over the age of 7 . They will have a good time in takening care of this toy .
 This is the coolest toy EVER ! It teaches kids responsibility by taking care of your virtuale friend.It is also portable .
 this thing rocks !! And I just borrow my friends for like ten minutes and after school I went and bought one . They RULE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I am about to buy one . All my friends have them . For sure buy version 2 or version 3 will be coming out soon .
 My mom got this game for my boyfriend and it kept him , my dad , my uncle , and my sister 's boyfriend happy and occupied for HOURS ! it was great and I was glad that they all had fun together .
 Easy to follow instructions for set-up and play , very intuitive . The only thing I would suggest is to make sure the young folks have an ` elder ' playing on their team , to have a shot at the questions on old people , events , etc. . If they 're real sports history buffs , then it 's not an issue .
 I have been a dedicated RHPS fan for years and did n't realize what I DID N'T know about the history ! Awesome . Thanks !
 This product reached me before Christmas ... and in immaculate condition . I am grateful .
 I got this for my birthday party plus a two pack for my brother and friend and they 'll be great . My other Tamagotchi -LRB- a V2 pink with pink , purple , and orange stripes -RRB- , is also awesome . I love the ability to breed , but dislike the instructions . The mini game instructions need to be more detailed . Here 's a rundown : Jump - Your Tama will be one one side of the screen three circles will be on the top . When one goes black , you have to press the botton that coordinates with it . For example , if the one on the far left blackens you will have to press the button on the far left . If the one in the middle darkens , you press the middle button and if the one on the right darkens , press the right button . If you get the button pressed in time it will let you know with a beep . If you get all the buttons pressed in time , trumpets will play and you 'll get alot of Gotchi Points.Bump - Sheerly luck . As the black bar moves through the white , press the middle button . Your Tama -LRB- and the opponent -RRB- will automaticaly start pushing the opposing Tama . When one falls over , it loses.Heading - move your Tama left with the button on the left and move it to the right with the right button . When the ball comes down , press the middle button to hit it . Two Gotchi points per time the ball is hit.Slots - Not like the real thing . You bet 1-9 Gotchi points and then the fun begins ! Your Tama will start jumping around like crazy and you have to press the middle button to stop it . X 's give you no Gotchi points , triangles give you some points , and circles give you the most . If you get all circles trumpets will play and you 'll get alot of Gotchi Points.Also , if you breed your Tamagotchi with another or one of the matchmaker 's Tamagotchis , the baby will inherit all of its mother 's or father 's Gotchi points . I do n't know for sure , but I think if your Tama dies you loose all of your Gotchi Points .
 ONE OF THE REASONS WHY I LIKE THIS TOY FOR MY TWO DAUGHTERS AGES OF 11 AND 10 YEARS OF AGE IS BECAUSE IT TEACHES THEM RESPONSIBILITY . THEY HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF THIS TOY LIKE IF IT WAS A REAL PET ; THEREFORE , THEY NEED TO ENSURE THEMSELVES OF WHEN ITS TIME FOR FEEDING , SLEEPING , TAKING HIM/HER OUT FOR A WALK AND THEY EVEN HAVE A GIFT REWARD WHEN THERE PET IS HAPPY . IT WILL ALSO LET THEM KNOW WHEN THEY ARE SAD AND WHY ARE THEY CRYING , ETC. . EVEN WHEN WE PLAN TO GO OUT ON A TRIP , MOVIES , GROCERY SHOPPING OR ANYWHERE THEY HAVE THE ACCESS TO TAKE IT WITH THEM SINCE IS SO COMPACT AND MAY ALSO BE PAUSE . I THINK IT IS A GREAT TOY TO TEACH THEM ABOUT RESPONSIBILITIES . THIS IS KIND OF WHAT THE SCHOOL USE TO DO OF SENDING AN EGG HOME FOR A WEEK TO TEACH KIDS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF HAVING A BABY ONLY THIS CHOICE IS BETTER SINCE IT ACTUALLY REPLIES TO YOU AND LETS YOU KNOW HOW YOU ARE DOING AS A CARE-TAKER .
 I play with my tamagotchi every day because it is so much fun.It 's great when you get a matchmaker and have a baby.Then after 24 hours , the parent leaves and you have your next generation of tamagotchi!You can also play games and even connect with other tamagotchi 's ! I definately reccomend this toy , I love it and I am I am 12 years old.My friends love them too !
 It was awesome by the way do not pause it too much , it stunts the growth of your tamagotchi
 this toy is awesome my friend is on generation 13 ! i dont have one yet because they are not in stock ! definatley recremend it it deserves an ovation !
 Tamagotchi is the best toy ever . It 's just like a real pet.They are fun and educational . It teaches you how to take care of a pet . If your parents wo n't let you have a pet this is the next best thing . They are really fun too .
 This Tamagotchi is so much fun ! It is very educational because it teaches kids responsiblity ! I dropped it once and it did not break ! What you have to do to keep it alive -LRB- so it will not fly away , it flys away if you do not take good care of it -RRB- by feeding , keeping it happy , and cleaning up it 's little accidents like if it poops . But be careful when you feed because you have to watch it 's weight making sure it is not to fat and not to skinny and if you feed it to much it can get a tootache or it can get spoiled and will not listen to what you say , like for example if you want it to go and take medicane because it is sick than it will tell you no because it is spoiled . I like the fact that you can take it anywhere you want . This makes a great gift for kids 8-13 !
 I think that tamagotchis are really cool.I got a rare form when it evoived.It turns 1 year old about in 3 days.I enjoy playing all the games and shopping.But overall it 's truly a great gift.SO I GIVE OUT OF 5 STARS 5 !
 This game is great ! All my friends have one , you never get bored with it ! Trust me buy it !
 I recieved This exact tama , With my own money , , ok January 4th it was in stock in Amazon , at 9:00 am in my time , Then at 12:00 , , , , , IT WAS OUT OF STOCK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It was good That i could order it . . I CANT WAIT TO GET IT !!! It took me about 2 weeks to find one in stock . . Its mostly luck to order/find one v2 . . Good luck !
 the Tamgotchi is a great way for your child/ren to take care of your pets . when I was done playing i realized how great it is to own a pet . This is a wonderful toy and if possible , i 'd give it a billion stars !
 IT IS FUN AT FIRST BUT THEN IT STARTS TO GET BORING ! PRETTY SOON !!!
 ok i have Vr1 but i snooped under the X-mas tree and found a Tamagotchi2 . So anyway , my freind let me play with hers so heres my Review on it.Fun
 Bought it because it reminded me of my childhood . It is cute and easy to play with . Great product . Came in quick .
 My kids loved these things for months until their school banned them . Now each kid -LRB- 8 and 10 -RRB- had acquired about 10 each and now they sit in their draws . Well worth the money for the amount of fun and use they got out of them in the beginning .
 My uncle gave me a Tamagotchi and the moment I got it out of the box I started playing it and I LOVED IT !!! It can actually grow and when it grows you get a new game !!! If your parents wo n't let you have a pet then you should get a Tamagotchi because it would not mess up the house.So go to target and get a Tamagotchi !!!!
 The Tamagotchi version 2 is really fun to play with because you can do all the following
 I got got a Tamagotchi today as a christmas present from my friend.My friend already had one before me but now i have one and she has the same one and now she has two.When i opened the gift i literally screamed and opened it immediately.It is such a fun toy and me and my friend have a light blue tropical one.It is so cool cause the tamagotchi can turn into a shark , dolphin , starfish and more!My friend fastly turned into a starfish when she got her new tamagotchi and mine is still a little ball because its still pretty new but i love it!It teaches responsibility and how to care for a pet and if parents dont let kids have pets , buy a tamagotchi and you will have fun and it will be like a real pet!It is totally worth $ 15 !
 its cool but it breaks easily i was upset when mine broke and it was so depersing that a toy this fun can be so fragile i just dropped it on the carpet and it shattered into a million pieces . i was so sad and it acidenally fell in the gutter . : - -LRB-
 i love this toy . it is a very cool . i grew up playing with the older versions . this is way better than the old school .
 I bought one of these for my 5 year old son and one for me . It 's been a huge amount of fun sharing the care of our pets together . Figuring out how to use the virtual pets is not at all difficult for a grown-up or older child , but it would definitely be too hard for him to figure out alone . With a bit of help from me he has learned all he needs to know -LRB- a bit of word recognition is required of him -RRB- , and we have great fun babysitting for each other and connecting our pets via the infrared capability . In our current Tamagotchi generation we have a boy and a girl , and -LRB- I never dreamed I 'd have a context in which I 'd say this -RRB- I 'm looking forward to having babies with my son . It 's been a great bonding experience and a decent learning experience for him , and I 'd recommend it to other parents as a fun activity to share with a caring , gadget-loving younger child .
 This is so beautiful , I like to keep it out . It is a great value and the quality is also.No Problems . I am a casual `` flyer '' .
 Whoa , this is so great , so you can play either a seperate NOES or f13 trivia , or mix it up and answer questions for both . The questions range from easy like
 I 'm really into horror , and horror trivia is just really fun to me , so of course this game appealed to me . The game set-up is easy , roll a die to determine the level of difficulty on the question card , or to answer a Freddy vs. Jason question . Now , I know these franchises very well , especially NOES , but some of the questions are just downright difficult , which is nice , you never really want to just dominate in a game . There are multiple choice answers though , which still give you a chance on the really obscure questions . The game comes in a nice looking tin with Trivial Pursuit type cards for both franchises and a small deck of Freddy vs. Jason questions . The coolest part in my opinion are coroner report cards , which give you stats on a movie victim , and then you have to recall just how they died . I found these cards a bit more difficult on the F13 side because the kills were just more creative and stood out more with NOES . But if you are a fan of the movies , this will be a fun game for you . I guess the most difficult thing of all will be finding someone to play with . A fun game , just not one you can play a lot .
 I lvoe this game . I am a huge fan of both freddy and jason so this game was perfect . you have the option of either having a question asked from either freddy or jason . So since my husband is more familiar with freddy and my brother is more familiar with jason so it was good for the both of them .
 This is a great game for any fan of F13 or NOES ! Its quite obviously not a game for everyone as if your not familiar with ether of the films it would be more of a guessing game than anything . I just got the game today so I havent gone through the actual game play but the reading through the questions and they incorporated a good range of knowledge of both films . Questions for the fans and fanatics . Great buy and VERY fast delivary by UPS . I highly recommend this game to any and all horror fans .
 Tamagotchis are one of the best toys ever ! It is VERY educational . It goes though all the stages that people do ! First it hatches and its a baby girl or boy . -LRB- Boys are black and girls are white colored -RRB- Then it evolves into a toddler about an hour after it hatches . It changes in to a teenager about a day 1/2 later . I forget how many days later it changes into an adult . ^_^ '' Anyway , when it is 7 years old it can mate . I think when it is 13 years old it ca n't mate anymore . -LRB- I always mate when the Matchmaker comes ! -RRB- It will turn into an old person when it ca n't mate anymore ! Tamatalk.com is a fourm on Tamagotchis . They are a great help ! So if you need more help go to that site !
 if your a parent who dose n't want to get thier kid a pet a tamagochi is the thing for you . It tecahes them what happens when you care for a pet and what happens when you do n't . toallly recamend this give it 999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999,999 stars if i could !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 If you are a parent out there that has a child that wants a pet but does n't want to clean after it , a tamgotchi is for you ! It teaches your child how to care for a pet and what will happen if you do n't . It can play and eat and well , everything . It teaches your kids that all pets need love and care . Plus you will save a lot of money on pet food !
 This is a really fun toy . First I got one for a friend of mine , then I decided to get one myself.Tamagotchi 's can get a little boring after awhile but they 're great . But , also if you want the little graphic thingy to live -LRB- they can die -RRB- you have to pay attention to it.There 's also a toy really simaliar to another toy called a Nano Baby .
 This is probably one of the best toys I have owned . -LRB- trust me , I have owned many -RRB- If you are trying to describe what it is like , imagine -LSB- ... -RSB- , a virtual pet website where you feed , and buy toys for your pet , and you play games to earn money . then imagine sims , except water it down 10 times so you basically have the main point of the game , survival , and cram it into a tiny little minicomputor as big as a keychain , and you have a tamagotchi . and on top of that , you can connect with your friends . It requires care every one to two hours to keep it healthy and happy . That is the only downside . But If you clip it on your purse and bring it to school , while you are on the playground , or switching classes , you can press a few buttons to make it happy
 This game is very fun for younger children . I am 14 and found it quite boring after awhile but for younger children these creatures are fascinating to them ! My little sister who is 7 -LRB- perfect age for these -RRB- loves to take care of it and takes it wherever she goes . The beeping noises do get annoying to my mom , the sound can be turned off though but its not as fun . Also they require constant care . You have to check up on it on a regular basis . You can also get other colors and styles of games sytems to match your personality but what the tamagotchi looks like varies . Basicly its a new one every time!The durability is good but if you drop it i heard the screen cracks easily so its not good for small children . And the battery needs replacing but ours has lasted forever ! A fun toy for little children in fact my little sister is hooked ...
 Very entertaining and extremly fun , it also can keep you busy all day long .
 I have the Hot Pink With Tropical Flowers and I recommend it for your child.I think tamagotchis help kids learn how to take care of real pets.I actually have 4 tamagotchis . My Tamagotchis had babies with each other . After it does the parent goes away to tamagotchi planet after 24 hours . The first night after i bought my tamagotchi I did not know what to do but I read the directions and I understood . All my friends have one and we connect all the time . I hope my review helps you and convinces you to buy one for your child/ren .
 i have this exact same tama and at first i wanted one soooo bad , i still luv it , but the thing sleeps most of the livelong day!when i try to reset it i lose all my info and have to start all over again!When it wakes up , it is usually right before i go to bed so i have to put it on pause or else it beeps all night , and then what do ya know , it sleeps again.Dont get me wrong , i luv this thing when its awake reapeat : WHEN ITS AWAKE.just be warned , i told ya once , i told ya twice , heck , i 'll even tell you again just for good measures this thing is great ... WHEN ITS AWAKE !!!!!!!!!!
 Hi ! I think this toy is REALLY awesome ! Version 2 is so cool because the little systems come with pics on them . The lipstick one is especially good for girly-girls , like myself . I own this one . I also owned a dark metallalic pink system , wich was a v1 . When the system died , I was really upset cause those batteries are REALLY hard to find . So , here I am wiht my V2 . This is SO great and is really good for kids of all ages . Even adults ! Lots of my camp counsolours own them . So get one today !
 i got this for christmas and bought one that 's pinkish red with hearts.mine got married and had babies.not JUST babies , TWINS!in at least 24 hours , my tamagotchis will return to planet tamagotchi and in the morning the babies will be crying , but i 'll find out if they 're both boys , both girls , or a boy and a girl , and get to name them.if they 're both boys , i 'll probably name them max and mike.This is SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO cute!i was hoping for a mimitchi or mametchi , but this turned into a much cuter one and it has a mimitchi costume so it can PRETEND to be a mimitchi!this is a great toy for kids 6-13 !
 this is a great toy . i love it very much ! me and my friends connect all the time . sometimes we even marry each other ! there are 5 secret codes . see the reviews for the white 1 with lifesavers to learn them . i highly reccomend this toy !
 My little brother completly submerged it in a cup of water , and it still works !!!!! they are awesome and you should get one . Cheap fun !!!
 i love this toy and want to see this type looks like .
 I own this exact Tamagotchi and I love it . The make up fun is super cute for a girly girl like myself . Most of the pets are cute and it 's great to have . PLUS it teaches you how to take care of a real pet ! One night on Chaunauka I got a v1 that dark metalic pink -LRB- see my rieview for that one -RRB- and I loved it . But it died after 7-9 months but I played with it alot . That 's when I got a v2 , this one . Their great and i love them . I hope to get more , preferabily the pink with flowers and the paradise one , plus the 2 pack of camoflauge and flowers . Yay for tamas !
 you need to buy this toy !! its the best toy ever !! i love it !!! my friends n i always connect !! you should buy this as you first choice just like me !
 Tamigotchis are verry fun and I injoy them.My favorite parts of tamigotchis are connecting them , making new friends and giving gifts.What I love about the V2 is the shop.I love buying gifts for my friends ! - Suzanna Age 10
 I love this toy its the BEST ! I use it every day ITS SOOOOO COOOOOL !!!!!!!
 Our preschoolers love this ! They select it over and over again . They use the book accompanying it to create stories and different scenarios .
 How has this toy NOT been reviewed yet?OMG My 18 month old adores it ! Very open ended play . The rubber bits are a tad small for her so I put those away for now!Great way to teach feelings , colors , action/reaction , sequence , and more!It comes with a book to read along with to make it more of a game and to get parents involved!BUY THIS!Aside from the education aspects ... you are getting 6 high quality WOOD eggs ! They are true to life and work well in play kitchens ! BONUS !
 If you started the OpenROV project , only to realize that the impellers the author suggests will not mount onto the motor axles , than these will work . The motors had a 3mm shaft and these fit on them just fine .
 My son is almost 4 and he loves it . He has Gismo and he plays the movie out .
 The Stripe toy is great fun . My daughter loves Gizmo , and she really enjoyed getting stripe to also play with - Not as cuddly but you already know that !
 It 's very easy to handle . As soon as it catches the wind , it 'll stay on in the air . Lot 's of fun , even after few crashes , the whole kite stays intact : -RRB-
 I bought this kite as decoration for my son 's nursery . I thought it might be poor quality or look bad for the price , but not at all . The picture is very much what it looks like -- gorgeous colors and strong material . Hopefully I 'll get to fly it in a few years , but for now it 's an attractive wall hanging !
 I purchased this lamp shade to match the rest of the nursery set . It is of good quality and matches the set nice . A good way to add finishing touches to your nursery . I would recommend this .
 I received this item today and was very pleased . The lamp shade isnt one of those plastic ones that looks cheap . This is covered in fabric and the colors are great !
 We bought the lamp shade to go with the nursery decor in our son 's room . We love it , and have had no problems with the shade . It looks great on the matching lamp that we purchased . Definitely a good buy .
 I purchased this lamp shade to match the rest of the nursery set . It is of good quality and matches the set nice . A good way to add finishing touches to your nursery . I would recommend this .
 We like our club usa shade . We do have the ceramic club base , but it will fit on other lamp bases . The shade completes the nursery .
 This is the perfect lampshade . It goes with the whole nursery theme . It fits on any lamp . You do n't have to get the teddy bear lamp base .
 MY FATHER BOUGHT THE CLUB USA 6-PIECE CRIB BEDDING SET BY KIDSLINE WHICH INCLUDED THIS FITTED SHEET . I LIKED IT SO MUCH THAT I ORDERED AN EXTRA FITTED SHEET . THE FABRIC IS VERY SOFT AND THE DENIM COLOR IS PERFECT FOR A LITTLE BOY .
 i love this pen it really makes you jump when tried i scared my sister and it gets numb after it shocks u !
 we bought this as a gag gift for a christmas gift exchange . this was fought over by everyone ! and of course everyone had to try it ! my grandma threw the pen across the room when she was shocked . great fun and entertaining for everyone !
 The pen arrived today and I had some paperwork I needed signed by my boss . For fun i rated it a 5 . For durability I rated it 3 because its very cheap plastic . For educational value , I rated it 4 stars because after the look my boss gave me , I will never play a prank on him again . Thanks .
 Best .99 cents I ever spent , I grew up next to a party store and have always loved the `` cheesy '' pranks . When I first got it I could n't resist trying it on myself , then I took it to work and left it with the other pens in a coffe cup in our shop -LRB- I 'm a mechanic -RRB- it took 2 days but I was standing next to our new guy when he used it . YES , STILL HILIARIOUS !!!!!!!!!! He was a good sport so I let him keep it .
 My mom got me with this ! It 's very realistic and I had no idea it was n't a real pen until it was too late ! I 'm currently plotting how to get her back , perhaps the shocking gum ... Since she got me I 've been told she 's had fun tricking her siblings at get-togethers and teaching her co-workers not to take her pens .
 once you figure out how to use this , it will do you wonders ... ok so the trick on how to work it is you need to hold it down for a few seconds , if you just click it once , it wont work ... i hope this review was helpful ! good luck pranking !
 Looks like a real pen and delivers a good shock . It tends to come apart too easily . A dab of super glue fixed that .
 I purchased this to replace one that I had broken . Price was reasonable and looks were great .
 I LOVE THIS PEN ! I HAD IT ON MY DESK WITH A NOTE FOR EVERYONE TO PLEASE USE ANY PEN BUT THIS ONE . THIS WAS TOO MUCH FOR THE OFFICE PRANKSTER WHO NATURALLY PICKED IT UP AND TRIED TO CONCEAL IT TIGHTLY IN HIS FIST . THIS WAS THE WRONG THING TO DO BECAUSE THE SHOCK SCARED HIM SO BAD HE SCREAMED LIKE A LITTLE GIRL . THE REST OF THE OFFICE LAUGHED SO HARD AND I ONLY WISH I HAD GOTTEN IT ON VIDEO TO SUBMIT IT ON UTUBE OR AMERICAS FUNNIEST VIDEOS .
 I am partial to this doll . Her gown is gorgeous . She is wearing a red tulle gown with golden bodice . Her golden bodice is accented by several red sequined and bead poinsettias . There 's even a lovely poinsettia in her long flowing hair.She is a gorgeous doll and a great gift for a child born in 1993 .
 received well w/i the specified time as described . no problem !! thank you
 I was skeptical at ordering `` blemished '' baseballs , but I 'm very pleased now . The package arrive earlier than planned , and in much better condition than I had thought . The baseballs are actually high-school level balls as well , meaning they will last longer than planned too !
 the baseballs are all in excellent shape as they all came in brand new and wrapped in plastic . i use these balls to play homerun derby with a friend and they are ideal for pitching and hitting . i highly recommend this product .
 Most of the balls I received have very minor blemishes . Once any new ball is hit once , it is blemished . These are good balls .
 Just to say , I feel like I know a lot about the types and quality of baseballs . I have used little league , high school , and professional balls over the years . I chose these primarily because they seemed like the highest quality for the cheapest price -LRB- 139.99 at the time -RRB- , compared to buying others by the dozen.They arrived in the bucket , all individually wrapped . They are wilson 1010S blem balls . Blem means they did meet Wilson standards for approved play , so Wilson offers them by the bucket -LRB- 36 -RRB- at a discount . I would say 30 of the 36 are in good to great condition . The other 6 or so had some major defects
 Bought these for our home batting cage and to practice pitching with and they are as good as non bleimshed balls in my opinion . Highly recommend these balls for practice !
 the balls ordered were just what we need in our hitting facilitythe blems are barely noticeable and very useful for our needs
 This is a great value . I run a travel ball program and buy a bucket of these blem balls for each team . They make great practice balls . Blemishes are usually small such as a small indentation , and some of the stitch holes are stretched . They are just not up to the Wilson standards but are still very good practice baseballs.These are a great buy and would recommend these for any team looking to stretch their budget .
 Three dozen baseball that come exactly as described . The product can be used for infielders training , pitchers , training and could be mistaken for a game ball .
 You 'll be hard pressed to find any blemishes on these balls . Very good quality and the bucket they come in is a quality grade too .
 I would recommend this product and they are great for hitting . they seem soft and you may want a higher quality ball for pitching purposes , but great for the price .
 I love this puzzle -LRB- and many Chelona puzzles -RRB- because of the quality of construction , the durability and the challenge . Pieces do n't look exactly like their empty places on the puzzle board . Children have to look at similarities in shape , color and pattern to put the pieces in . My 2-year old LOVES this puzzle !
 Let me preface this review by stating that this is the 1st telescope I have ever bought . I did some research about what to look for in a telescope , but I 'm no astronomer.Well , I got the telescope in the mail and opened it up . I got to say , it looks brand new . All the pieces were wrapped carefully . It came a little dusty , but that was n't too bad . Also , the ONLY used part about this telescope would be the tube . It has no scratches and was clean , but I saw 1 minor ding about the size of a dime.It took me about 2 hours to put it all together . This includes focusing the viewfinder and properly aligning everything . Instructions were alright , they could 've been better and more specific , however , it looks like they use the same manual for about 4 different models with minor variations . Anyways , I got it all set up and plugged in the AutoStar system.Well , the telescope works like a charm , and the included eyepieces are definitely great for a first time user . You can clearly see craters and details on the moon . As for other stars , they still look like dots , even with the telescope . I 'll have to try out that 8mm eyepiece and see how that goes.About the Autostar system , i think its pretty good . When I tried to focus on the moon without autostar , i kept going the wrong direction and missing it back and forth , and that was realllllllly frustrating . Once i plugged in autostar , you can use the arrow buttons on the remote to move the telescope , and that was much more accurate . I have n't messed around with the GO TO functions and locating stars with the push of a button yet , but I 'm sure it wont be too bad.Overall , i 'm really satisfied , especially for spending only $ 130 . Again , I 'm just a novice in the matter of telescopes , but it seems like a good deal for me .
 My 3 year old is whiz with this puzzle now and its a favorite of hers . We have several of the Melissa and Doug large floor puzzles which she enjoys , but this one is by far her fav ! It may look daunting , and you maybe thinking , 3 years old ... yeah right lady ! The first few times I had to help her and now she takes great joy in doing it herself . Skills dont develop on their own!What I love about this puzzle is that we can talk about it afterwards counting and identifying with it . There are so many ways to use this puzzle other than just putting it together -LRB- counting , picture search , aliteration , letter sounds ... etc. etc. -RRB- . Great investment and I bought it at my local zoo !
 The wall hanging was just great minus one minor drawback . The body of the bear hangs just fine , but the baseball bat over his shoulder does not have a fastener . I had to `` rig '' it up to make the bat stay flat against the wall . It 's not difficult , but could have been easily solved .
 I needed this Silicone Grease to install a RV water pump . When I finally got it -LRB- I am out of the US and it had to be forwarded -RRB- it worked well .
 High temperature high viscosity grease perfect for keeping the stick off products needing a clean-non runny lube . The small tube is great for my micro purposes .
 I saw the product at the Babies r US store and fell in love with it . I took it home and it looks fabulous . My husband painted the nursery a light blue , so the blue from the walls and the Club USA theme matched perfect .
 This border is so cute and it makes the nursery look complete . It is sturdy -LRB- does not tear easily -RRB- however , the directions indicate you should wet it for 15 seconds , however , I would recommend wetting it for 30 to 45 seconds because when we waited 15 seconds it was not wet enough and would not stick .
 We decided to go with the Club USA theme for our son 's nursery . We love the sporty bears , they are adorable . We just put up the border this past weekend , and it looks great with the cream colored walls ! The only thing was , it did n't stick very well at all . My mom and I had a hard time putting it up . But once it was up , it looks wonderful !!
 This border is great !! I have it hanging in my son 's room . We painted a light blue on top and darker blue on bottom which we match at Lowe 's . It looks great centered in the middle of the 2 colors . Be careful putting it there if your crib sits close to the wall because our son was able to peel off about a foot section and the top peels very easy if pulled on .
 MY HUSBAND AND I CHOSE THIS NURSERY THEME BECAUSE WE THOUGHT IT WAS JUST SO CUTE , FOR OUR NEW LITTLE BABY BOY ... THE NURSERY HAS COME TOGETHER BEAUTIFULLY ... THE ONLY PROBLEM WE HAD WAS WHEN WE WERE HANGING THE BORDER , IT 'S PREPASTED , AND WAS NOT EASY TO PUT UP , THE BORDER NEEDS ADDITIONAL PASTE ... OTHERWISE THE ROOM LOOKS GREAT
 I agree it was very easy to put up . Even dealing with the long pieces was not a problem . We matched a paint to the blue stripes called Shark by American Tradition at Lowes . It was a perfect match to compliment the adorably sporty border .
 This border is so adorable and what a variety or colors ! This border was very easy to apply-and neither my husband or I have ever put border up . we used the dark blue as the wall color and it really finishes the set nicely . when you apply the border make sure to used lukewarm water as the soak and let it get very wet so it slides easily . You will not be disappointed if you purchase this as your border - there is so much you can do with the room !
 My husband and I just completed the nursery for our son . We went to Home Depot to have the cream color and light blue color matched from this border . With the cream on top and blue on the bottom of the wall , the centered border looks incredible . My husband had no problem hanging this border on his own . The room looks like it could appear in a magazine . If you like bears and sports , this should be your nursery theme .
 It was easy to use and a very fun pattern and we actually moved and got more so it was very easy to take off as well ...
 I ordered the wallpaper expecting to have difficulty hanging it due to the online reviews . However , we had no problem getting the paper to stick . The entire room was completed in less than 15 minutes and it looks so cute . I would recommend this product to anyone !
 This is the perfect thing to keep your daughter 's random little toys together . This works for any little dolls or animals , fits nicely on a bookshelf , and is a great portable playmat . It also makes a neat carry-case for a tea-set picnic .
 My son loves this toy ! We play with it quite a bit and it seems to be very durable . His only complaint would be the expression on the toy 's face -- maybe `` too annoyed '' in his words . Other than that , it is one of his favorite action characters .
 This product is exactly what we expected and we are happy with it . The order came very quickly . That was nice because this purchase was a Christmas gift .
 The Batman which can change into Bruce is very fun for my five year old son who loves Batman . This toy has helped him to use his fine motor skills to change the figure from Batman to Bruce , and has sparked his imagination . The figure looks like the `` The Batman '' version of Batman , which my son also loves . It is also good for him to learn to keep track of all of the pieces and become responsible .
 This was my first Melissa & Doug toy , and like it enough I suppose . My 6 month old enjoys it ; she likes to gum the links and the legs , and I can attach it to her carseat easily with the links . It is sort of big but it is not heavy , so it is easy for my infant to pick it up . In fact , I kind of like the size because it is different from her other toys . There are only 2 things I dislike about this toy
 we actually purchased this twice , since the first one was lost . My now 7 month old son has really liked this toy since he was 4-5 months old . it 's easy for him to hold and seems to captivate him .
 I hung this crab on the handle of our jumperoo , for an extra toy for little one to grab at . The legs have a crinkle-y material inside , and when you move the crab , it rattles . The clips make it easy to hang on a carseat or stroller handle , so baby wo n't drop it out of reach . We have n't had it for long , but it seems very well made and looks like it should be very durable .
 My son loves his crab it catches his attention and giggles when it squeaks !!! I like explaining about the red happy side and the blue sad guy
 My daughter is four months old , and she loves this toy . The colors are very vivid and hold her attention . The material seems like it is very durable , but we 've just started using it so I ca n't judge that accurately yet . I hang it from her car seat and she loves to look at it . She 's just starting to be able to grab it . It has a little squeaky spot the kids can push and it makes noise . It is a great toy !
 Super cute tinkling crab with really easy latching loops . Really soft and chewable . My son received this as a gift and it 's held up quite nicely !
 Lovely pair . I have a friend just loves crabs , and bought this as a bday gift .
 Make sure you read the measurements first . This is quite pricey for the size . I was expecting a 10 '' -12 '' cube , but instead this one is not quite 5in . It is still incredibly cute and I like it more than any other lacing activity I 've seen thus far . Great for dexterity and fine motor skills , as well as working with colors and matching .
 Great . it works for what i needed it . i needed it for a DIY steadycam ... and it does the job
 I know that 's probably not what most people are buying it for but it does a great job for what I need it for .
 Excellent . Just what I needed to complete my DIY ` steadicam ' . As others pointed out , the tool needed to put it together was n't included . I ended up using a pair of pliers and a fork .
 I like this gimbal , but putting it together requires a little effort . You 'll need to snap the little metal joints into the plastic pieces by prying apart the tabbed housing . It 's not exactly easy or intuitive , but it works perfectly once it 's together .
 I ca n't think of a good title . I got everything , but put the pieces together is really tough when you do n't have the tools . I bought these to make the &#34; silver flyer &#34; diy tool for my camera . Unfortunately , I could n't balance it , but these little traxxas ' worked like it 's suppose too . Not sure how you can go wrong with this one .
 Just what I needed . Arrived quickly . I 'm going to build a steadi-cam using these . Nothing more to say . That is all .
 Product delivered as described ... bought to use for making a DIY steadicam ... but I have no idea how to connect the pieces and since there were no instructions , I am only left with consulting youtube .
 This was a birthday gift and the person receiving it was thrilled , This is my son = in-law and he LOVES X-Men . He plays with thesewhen he is studying , he is working on his Master 's in Physics . He said this helps him think because he can clear his mind andsolve even the toughest problems . Great gift for any one .
 We did n't know about Mr. Monkey -LRB- as he 's known in our house -RRB- until we happened upon him in a bookstore in the Outer Banks of North Carolina , but we already had his friend the Linking Crab -LRB- known as Mr. Crabby -RRB- . Mr. Crabby and Mr. Monkey are favorites in our house -- their bright colors , varied textures -LRB- they rattle , crinkle , and beep -RRB- , and links make them perfect for cuddling , grasping , and chewing . The textures on the links are perfect for a teething baby . Our daughter has been teething since she was two months old and the nubby links have been a huge hit with her.I only wish that Melissa & Doug would make more friends for Mr. Crab and Mr. Monkey -- maybe some other animals with links that could join their little zoo !
 I bought this toy for my six month old and it quickly became one of his favorites . With all of its different sounds and textures this toy was a good buy .
 Bought this monkey for my 2 month old nephew and he took to it instantly . Smiled at it , cuddled it , just loved it right from the start . Every picture we get , monkey is in it now . It is really easy for him to grasp and he likes teething on the links .
 My son loves the Melissa and Doug plush linking monkey . I like that he is able to chew on some of the links but I can still keep it attatched to something . It is quite a bit bigger than what I expected . We have had it for about 2 months and he still plays with it . It is one of his favorites for us to take along with us when we go places .
 Bought this for my 6 month old daughter . I like it because the links are a little harder to pull open so I can hook it onto a strap -LRB- carseat or stroller -RRB- and she ca n't pull it off easily . Very cute . Monkey 's ears crinkle and there is a rattle in his body .
 Bought a couple of these as Christmas gifts for nephews . I 'm wishing I 'd bought one for my twins-on-the-way too . The toy was an instant hit with my 8-month-old nephew and I even caught my 15 month old chewing on it a few times . It 's fun to look at and hold and just so chewable !
 Alright , alright . Good weight . Good swing . Nice grip . Makes that cool metal sound when it hits the ball . I like it . If you want a good bat , there 's no reason you should n't go with this one.It 's a good bat .
 My son has ADHD but loves to assemble and create things ! Am always on the lookout for new things !! He LOVES these !! He has come up with so many things ! And the best part , is that the pieces are rubber so once it is created they can play with it !! And since they are rubber , dont hurt your feet in middle of night when you step on them !! LOL -LRB- unlike Legos ! -RRB-
 This company creates the most beautiful and lifelike plastic animal , plant , human and dwelling toy figures . The detail is exquisite and the toys are incredible durable . My girls fight over who gets to play with them all of the time . They are such simple toys but definitely one of the most favorite playthings for my girls . They enjoy these toys more than any of their electronic toys . Although the Schleich brand figures are rather expensive they are well worth the money .
 I purchased this for my 4 year old daughter and it is our first from Schleich . My daughter is thrilled with it , as am I!The photo they have up does not do it justice . The mane , wings , tail and right above the hooves is a gray painted color , but with tiny glitter . The gray is not a dingy gray , but silvery . From just sitting in your hand , it sparkles no matter what angle you have it at , giving it an overall iridescent look . But do not worry , the glitter does not get anywhere at all . The paint is beautiful and well done . It has an almost air-brushed look to it . For example , on the wings , the tip to half of the wing is white , then comes in a light , almost translucent mist of gray , it slowly gets darker and darker enveloped in sparkles on the top half of the wing.The first thing my daughter asked when we took it out of the package was , `` Does it stand alone ? '' And just like the photo , it stands alone . But even better - what my daughter really liked was that not only does it stand on its hind legs , it also stands on all 4 . So the pegasus trots as well as flies!We love this , and will definitely be getting more . All high quality - a nice change from the plastic cheap junk out on the market . I can see these as being something my daughter will pass down .
 The Schleich models seem to make much more sense to me for younger children . They are less expensive and much more durable than the Breyer models . And , they are cute and fully acceptable to my grandaughter who loves all things horses including the fantasy variety . The knights and such do not interest her , but they look like they would be a fun set for a boy . Educational ? Perhaps , as in the sense that she knows now what a pegasus and a unicorn are . She gets a great deal of fun from them .
 Very nice . Looks better in real life than the picture . Only thing is it was having issues with standing up at first until I played around with the rear legs and noe everything is fine . I recommend it highly .
 This is a great toy . My daughter has TONS of Breyer horses , but lately she has been playing with these . They are more durable than Breyer horses so she can play with them with her friends .
 This is a very good game for when you are sitting around doing nothing . It can get kind of addicting .
 Of all the Joker action figures i 've seen in my life time non other have looked as cool as this one . This Joker is from the current cartoons on tv , `` The Batman . '' He is not very posable , just the arms move back and forth and they are able to bend at the elbows and the legs move as well and bend at the knees . The Joker has a creepy look and a real cool hair style . This action figure comes with a projectile hammer to give the figure more replay value . A must own for Joker fans .
 So far so good . The ball came very soon after I ordered it and was already filled . As of yet , no complaints .
 I love Molten volleyballs ! This balls is very nice . I mainly use it for pickup co-ed volleyball games .
 Just like Lincoln Logs ... only cheaper -LRB- or , I should say , less expensive -RRB- . Quality is on par with the `` real thing . '' The color is slightly different , but you 'll only notice that if you 're mixing the two . Nice canvas storage bag . Enough to build one nice building -LRB- see product picture -RRB- . You may want two -LRB- or more -RRB- sets to increase flexibility .
 So I own the pre-painted pre-decaled white ford GT and this is pretty much the same thing with out 3rd party branding . It 's a great shell and comes with white or black decals . It is not painted but should be easy to since the decals really add the most detail .
 These are very durable for the price . We often look for bugs , butterflies and the like during spring , summer and fall months . The kids and I use them and we have n't gotten any tears or rips in them . The handles are sturdy as well . We own 2 of the small and 2 of the large ones . I bought them as Easter presents and we gets a ton of use from them .
 This Batman based on the WB show is awesome ! He looks cool , he 's got a pretty cool disk accessory , but ... . I just wish they did n't mold the batarang to his forearm , It would be so much cooler if they made it removable ! Aside from that it 's the coolest looking batman figure I 've ever seen .
 This Batman action figure comes with a zip action batarang and a detachable disc shooter . The toy is very durable . We 've had ours for more than a year now and it gets heavily play with by my two sons , who take turns as the hero and villan.The only wear and tear is on Batman 's forearm where the disc shooter snaps into place , a little of the paint has worn off . Otherwise , the toy is in excellent condition.This Batman even fits into the Batman Animated Batmobile by Mattel , which I 've reviewed and added to my list of Batman action figures .
 My 3 year old son wanted batman with the zip line . This one is perfect ! I 'm not sure how long the zip line will last but I 'm not sure that there is anything that can be done about that anyway . It also comes with a bonus disc shooter thing -LRB- small made for Batman to hold -RRB- . That was a lot of fun on Christmas morning :-RRB- Overall a great toy ... although absolutely no educational value ...
 I always sometimes watch the batman show on kid 's wb.So I got this figure just this figure from the batman series.This is the only one I got from the series.When I started playing with it , it was much fun than I expected and the batarang zip action on his forearm is really cool the most.Man , a lot of people think it is better without it but get this , there is also one removeable thing that people do not notice is the FIRING DISK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! That is what I have been telling YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU ALL ABOUT PEOPLE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hello wake up that is the one thing that is the MOST REMOVEABLE THING IT IS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Well , I do n't have much to say about this figure but , I still give this figure five stars for being the best and do n't forget that the FIRING DISK IS REMOVEABLE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My four-year-old plays with this every day and beats the daylights out of Batman . The Zipline is very durable as well . Great likeness to the WB Batman .
 i bought this and a whole lot of other toys from tim burtons movies and made ornaments out of all of them and put them on a white christmas tree . they look amazing come christmas time , their so well constructed and wont break at all when the animals or kids knock them off the tree . i love them .
 I was pleasantly pleased by the quality of the clubs and the bag . My daughter is just learning to play , she is 6 ; the clubs are slightly large for her but she will grow into them . Overall , would highly recommend .
 My daughter looks forward to using these clubs . She 's a tall 4 an she can still grow into them . Good purchase . Should last about 2 more years before she 's too big for them .
 Got these for our daughter after her showing interest in golf . She really thinks she 's cool bringing these to the driving range .
 This is a very high quality wooden play book . It is designed to be simple . Your child can place the little frog 's head into a hole on each scene on the wooden pages . The frog is secured by a string , so there 's no burden of having to keep track of where the frog 's head has gone off to . Great for very young children to develop basic skills.My son is only 22 mo. old , so I like to sit with him and let him practice putting the frog 's head where he would like and then we tell stories of the froggie hopping from page to page , scene to scene . My son is a bit young to keep his attention for long , but it 's well worth the time he does spend using his imagination and coordination skills.It is a wonderful quiet play book as well , so it 's perfect for sitting through church services or waiting at the Dr. 's office . It is a perfect size to fit nicely in the diaper bag or even my purse .
 Perfect toy for the teens who still like toys . I bought this for my 17 year old who loved the movie . You 'll love the action figures if you liked the movie . They 're more to look at than to play with , but my other 4 kids play with them when they can get into their sisters room . lol enjoy !
 i bought this and a whole lot of other toys from tim burtons movies and made ornaments out of all of them and put them on a white christmas tree . they look amazing come christmas time , their so well constructed and wont break at all when the animals or kids knock them off the tree . i love them .
 had a shock cap work its way loose -LRB- to much jumping most likely -RRB- so I lost a bit of damper oil . This is exactly what I needed to get my truck up and running the right way again .
 I have used this to completely fill all 4 of my shocks on bandit and still have over half of it left .
 The backgammon set was bigger than I thought it would be , so be aware that the 21 '' game is big and kids are going to have a bit of a reach to get to the other side of the board . I 'd recommend the next size smaller . The case and lining seem very well made though , with the outside of the case having a nice padding . All the pieces were there , including the doubling cube , but the black pieces looked worn , which was a little weird . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000IZYW92/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 This backgammon board is gigantic ! It puts the game in a new perspective ! Add a set of Giant Dice and you have evenings of enjoyment . Keeps the mind sharp too .
 Read previous reviews about this set but it is worth it ! It came within 2 days and was brand new everything in the case , no scratches or dents , etc. . Bought this for my mother and her and I play all the time !
 This board is well made , and the included accessories are also well made.I 've played backgammon for thirty-five years , and aside from a full-size table board that I once owned , this is the best board I 've owned . The pieces are heavy , solid , and uniform . Even the dice and cube are of quality.I would buy again without reservation .
 After reading the reviews for graco 's PNP sheets I decided I was going to find something else better . These are nice and strechy and soft and fit the PNP perfect ! I also bought a water proff pad for under the sheet to protect the mattress and even with that they fit very nice . They also come in a lot more colors -LRB- in the store -RRB- than the graco sheets , so you can get one to match just about any PNP . I even washed them in hot water and they still fit the same as before .
 Soft , stretchy , easy to put on -LRB- and off in the middle of the night -RRB- , fit a standard playard better than a `` Playard '' Sheet . My baby slept comfortably on this in the pack-n-play . Washes great , great price .
 I bought two of these sheets for my Laura Ashley pack and play . After washing , they fit the mattress with a thin waterproof pad underneath but not well with a quilted one . The fabric is soft jersey like an undershirt and not too thin . I 'm happy with them but would like them more if they were a teeny bit larger .
 Following reveiwers advice I decided to go with this crib sheet for my Pack n Play . I still think it 's a little thin but if the other options are even thinner , I 'm glad I went with this !! It works and fits just fine .
 I bought these sheets because the reviews on the Graco sheets were so poor . These sheets are very soft and they fit my Graco PNP . However , they do n't fit perfectly but it works just fine . I also takes these sheets with me when I travel since they fit most hotel cribs . That way my baby does n't have to sleep on scratchy hotel sheets.Buy at least 2 if you use your PNP a lot . That way you have a spare while the other one is in the wash .
 I purchased this kit for my 5-year-old , and she is just the right age for the games . The board/case is durable and comfortable . There is a mesh , zip-up pocket to hold all of the foam game pieces . Also , instructions are included for the 6 or so games that you can play using the game kit . So far , Snakes and Ladders is my daughter 's favorite . The gameboard/case is very large , so this would not be suggested for travel , it would be better for home use or car-camping .
 I received the wrong travel game initially , but was immediately shipped the correct one - and told that I could keep the one that was incorrectly sent . Very good service .
 I like this backpack because I can put my books in it and carry it to school with me ...
 When my daughter was 3 we got her the gray rabbit.She carried him everywhere ! She named him `` Stinky '' and slept with him every night.Stinky is still in great condition for being loved so much ! Then we got her the white one . She carried `` Snowball '' under her left arm since the right was reserved for Stinky . Then we bought the brown rabbit . `` Butterscotch '' also joined the ranks on her pillow every night . Then `` Fluffy '' -LRB- Tan -RRB- and `` Cow Bunny '' -LRB- Black and White -RRB- came to live with us . She still sleeps with all of them . Before school she covers them up in bed and kisses them goodbye . I think any child that likes stuffed animals would fall in love with these rabbits . They 're so soft , durable , and fit perfectly under your arm ! ... Snowball is no longer white ... but in great condition ... I came to this site specifically to compliment Animal Alley -- Do n't discontinue the bunnies !!!!
 I just got this guy and i 've already fallen in love ! He is so cuddly and is a great sleeping and hanging out buddy !!!!!!!!!!!
 My rabbit has a neutral , rabbitish expression , rather than being `` grumpy '' as mentioned in another review . Quite similar to the real rabbit this toy resembles , the rabbit has realistically big rabbit hind feet and floppy rabbit ears . The fur is soft and the rabbit is pleasantly squishy when hugged . The behind is weighted with bean bag filling so that the rabbit flops easily into a natural sitting position.I purchased the black and white rabbit and a tan version ; one to keep and one as a gift for a little friend . At least one other small person has expressed interest upon seeing a rabbit , and I have a feeling I 'll be buying more .
 this bunny is so cute and soft !!!!!!! i love him . He 's the size of a real rabbit and looks really real !!!!!! i love my bunny .
 We love `` George '' . He is much friendlier in person . He is soft and cuddly although rather grumpy looking .
 I got this Animal Alley toy recently for my birthday . I bought the black one . It is very cuddly and soft . I reccomend any age would love it . As with all Animal Alley toys , you can use your imagination and have a new best friend . I hope you enjoy it , I know I do ! ~ TRUK
 I bought this item for my son who is 18 months old . He just loves all of the tools that came together . The saw is especially entertaining for him because it lights up while it spends . The only thing I noticed it the nuts that come with the bolts are kinda small for him . He has put them in his mouth a time or too . So we put them away until he get a little older . He takes the tool set out in the garage with his dad to help work on the cars . He thinks that he is such a little helper with his tool set .
 My son loves these tools ! And the saw has cool spinning action .
 This is a great toy my grandson has lots of fun with it helping his grandpa in his shop .
 Our 2-yr-old granddaughter loves ` helping her dad do maintenance chores ' and this set offers the perfect vehicle to fulfill her exhuberant youthful ambitions . You 'd have to ask her or her parents about the comparitive quality .
 It was perfect . The was simple and to the point and it went perfect with my theme for my son 's 6th birthday party , and being that he is special needs he was able to tell by the picture on the card exactly what we were going to be doing on his special day .
 These invitations were perfect for my son 's 5th birthday party . I was pleased with the quality of this product . I would recommend them .
 I collect specific charaters from several movies/tv shows . Halloween/Michael Myers being one of my most favorites . I look for quality & detail . The collectible must look unmistakably like the character , not a resemblence of . The Cult Classics Halloween Evolution of Evil 2-Pack is no ` trick ' but a real ` treat ' ! Dead on in the appearance of both Michael 's , excellent Judith Myers headstone , + the j-o-l lites up ! Sturdy , great attention to detail . A must-have for every Halloween collector !
 Neca Toys have come up with a brilliant idea for producing a figurine of the original , young Michael Myers being packaged with the awesomely , spot-on likeness of an adult version of Michael Myers !!! I actually prefer to have this 2-pack edition rather than the Halloween box set , which I must admit , does have an awesome figurine of Dr. Loomis in it . I wish Dr. Loomis can be packaged as a single or a 2-pack like this one I 'm reviewing . Anyway , this 2-pack of both Michaels each come with knives , a Judith Myers head stone , and a jack-o-lantern that lights up ! The adult Michael is the same version seen in the Halloween box set edition , too . The artist -LRB- s -RRB- working for Neca Toys have really done a remarkable job with Michael Myers 's mask , too ! The jumpsuit , along with the clown suit , are nicely detailed , also . What you see in the above picture is what your gon na get ! It looks just like what is seen in the first Halloween . I highly suggest you Halloween/Horror fans get your hands on this edition because it is becoming not only more expensive , but more hard to find ! I do n't even remember seeing this edition in stores ; I stumbled on this 2-pack when I was surfing online and just had to have it !!! When you do get your own , be smart and keep it MINT ON CARD ! Another good reason for keeping these rad figurines boxed , is because the artwork and bio on the packaging are nice and worth keeping ! Again , glad to have this next to my other boxed , 7 inch , Horror icon figures !
 I ordered this product three days ago and got it this morning in perfect condition . The figures themselves are really detailed , and you get a lot for your money . In case you ca n't view the picture above , or you 're too lazy , this set comes with young Michael Myers on the night of his first killing , seen at the beginning of the original `` Halloween '' movie . It also comes with a Judith Myers tombstone , adult Myers in full costume and a jack-o-lantern that lights up when you press the pumpkin stem down . Both Myers figures are poseable and come with butcher knifes.In short , hell yeah . Great for any true horror movie fan .
 It smells terrible when you get them out of their box . The pumpkin does n't stay lit up on it 's own , it lights up only when you press down on it 's stem , it 's still pretty neat . Young Michael is very well sculpted and painted , you can take his clown mask off completely . Michael is also very well sculpted , it almost looks like you can take off his mask . I do n't like the drapery on him , but that 's probably something not very many people would mind.Michael 's arm fell off when I was putting the knife in his hand for the fifth time . I was being very gentle too ! Anyway , it 's back on now .
 I was a little wary about this product from the picture , but the picture does n't do it justice . This is a manly table , with a commercial blower and construction . I absolutely LOVE IT !!
 My son got this for his 4th birthday and loves it.There are 2 buttons on its top . One button plays music and flashes headlights , the other button says `` ninja wheelie time ! '' , revs its engine , and rolls across the floor.The bike stands alone well -LRB- some other motorcycle toys we 've had do not stand up well -RRB- . Toy seems durable - no small pieces or other choking hazards . Good quality for the price -LRB- under $ 20 -RRB- .
 My son is 1 1/2 years old , and loves this motorcycle ! He loves pushing the buttons , dancing to it 's music , and feeling the wheels turning automatically . He watches it go , and learns what surfaces it functions better on . It is the perfect size for taking with us on the go , and extremely affordable .
 So cute . Great decoration for Halloween . I love bats and this is another beanie to add to my collection . Love the name .
 This is a clown attached to a wire balance beam that ends in two red / yellow balls . You balance the clown on his head , on his nose , on his feet -- all on an attached pedestal . It 's low tech , but it 's fun . You have to figure out how to make the balance work , and then he turns in a circle with a slight push , or wobbles precariously . Simple pleasure .
 Got this item to match my sons Power Ranger SPD bicycle , matched perfectly , was adjustable to size , and very well made , has held up well to my 5 year old , he has used it now for a year and still in very good condition and still provides the safety he needs .
 I purchased this item for my autistic grandson who is nine years old . He was having a problem responding to people when they asked him about foods and he appeared to not understand about the different types of foods . Mostly it was because he does n't communicate well . As it turned out , when he played the game we learned that he really does know about foods , he was just choosing not to vocalize it . With the game he began to have so much fun playing it that he was shouting out the foods !! It was very educational and helpful to him and quite reassuring and enlightening to us , his family .
 I bought this item as a game for Tiger Cub Scouts -LRB- 6 year olds -RRB- and found that it was perfect to help them with the food pyramid requirements . It was age appropriate up the at least 12 . We played two rounds and gave out small prizes . Also good for school game or learning activity .
 my kids realy did want to play and learn i was so unipressed when it came this small shoe but wonders of wonders they loved it and that is a big thing with my hyper kids
 This product is GREAT ! Being a proud member of the exclusive `` Three Wolf Moon '' club , I eat quite a lot of cheese -LRB- got ta watch those carbs do n't you know ! -RRB- . Well , sometimes I have a little trouble in the bathroom , and this product is far and away the best laxative I have ever encountered ! I simply put this miracle lax on my pork rinds , and my bowels evacuate within 5 minutes !! The only problem I have is that the name , while honest , is a little indiscreet . Sure , eating this miracle product guarantees `` instant poop , '' but I do n't like the looks I get at Golden Corral when I whip out my can .
 I just saw Howie Mandel use Insta Poop on Jay Leno and it was a very fun product ! I plan on buying it . I would n't be surprised it lots of folks do n't do the same . Howie even sprayed it on Jays desk ! Very funny ! I can see myself using it as a practical joke and I 'd never heard of it before .
 Insta Sundae in a Can
 As soon as the gift wrap came off , my 3 year old 's eyes sparkled . She loves rocking and rolling with this well-made keyboard . I had lots of fun with it as well as two other adult friends . It has great features - different sound effects , 4 playing modes , a three song card to sing and play along with and of course , the built-in microphone . Its just the right size for little hands to pick up and take along with them too . The only things missing , I think , are a record button and a music sheet that kids can use to play along with . Also , make sure to follow the directions and change the batteries as soon as you take it out of the box . Looking forward to having more fun with it - my friends too !
 My 18 month old daughter loves this keyboard . It provides hours of entertainment and is fun for everyone . I thought it was a little expensive , but she really likes it a lot . My only complaint is that I can not find replacement cartridges ANYWHERE for this toy . The package specifies that you can buy extra cartridges with more songs , but I have yet to find them , even after searching online . But all in all , its well worth it and I hope to someday find the cartridges before the sparkle of this toy fades !
 This is the best present that my 4 year old daughter received . She has n't stopped playing with it since Christmas . Even my 9 month old son giggles when the songs are played -LRB- and the lights are flashing -RRB- . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars ... there are two things I can find wrong with it are 1 -RRB- the microphone does n't seem to have a long life . It seems that it 's already dead 2 -RRB- I have n't been able to find additional song cartridges . -LRB- I like variety ! -RRB- But it 's a great overall buy !
 This keyboard was the biggest hit under the tree this year . Once it came out of the package our 4 , 5 , and 12 year old played with it all day . They continue to come back to it playing the songs on the cartridge , singing karaoke and playing music . Very educational since they 've already started to play tunes other than what came with it . Great sound and the original set of batteries -LRB- included -RRB- are still going after hours upon hours of use .
 My 5yr old daughter loves to play on her keyboard and sing along but we are unable to find any new songs . We have the one that came with it but would like to get her more . Where would I go to get this and what do I ask for ? Toy R Us,Target,K-Mart and Wal-Mart did not have any nor knew what I was asking for . Please help me her birthday is in May and that is all she keeps asking for
 My son is crazy about Harry Potter . An this set was reasonably price and in perfect condition .
 This is a neat travel toy for my son . He is only 16 months , but can still hold and draw on it pretty well ! If only they would have attached the pen ! Probably not a problem for an older child , but you know the little ones , when they are done with something it just gets dropped . Plus , for anyone using it , the pen holder , which is in middle of the fold , is too loose . Every time we put it away in his backpack it would fall through . We lost it lots of times during the course of our trip .
 My 20 month old looooves this ! It 's encouraging him to draw more , and since it `` writes '' with just water , I do n't worry about him drawing on the wall or putting it in his mouth . It also kept him very happy and occupied on our road trip . I am definitely bringing this on our next plane trip . Just remember to put the pen in your 4oz or less zip top baggy when you go through security ... Ours came with a skinny pen , and when ours got lost -LRB- on just the 2nd day - you know how kids are ! -RRB- I could only find fatter replacement pens online from Aquadoodle -LRB- almost marker-sized -RRB- . These fatter pens fit a little too snugly into the elastic pen holder , but they also do n't get lost as easily , and hold more water . I have n't had problems with either pen drying out.Unlike some of the other reviewers , I like the fact that what you draw fades quickly . Maybe it 's because my kid is younger , so he does n't need to see his drawings last for more than a few seconds . And since we started using the fatter replacement pen , our drawings need a little more time to dry since the pen `` bleeds '' more water onto the drawing pad - so some users may like this.One downside is on the 2nd day , my drawing pad already showed some permanent dark blue marks that wo n't fade anymore . It 's like the look of an old speckled chalkboard . The marks are small , so the drawing pad is still very usable.I just wished I shopped around at Tar-jet and bought this for cheaper . $ 23 is a bit steep , but still worth it .
 We bought this for my little guy to use on a road trip that we 'll be taking soon . He 'll be 18 months old when we go , and we wanted some new toys to keep him busy in the car . I 'm glad we got it , as he already had fun with it when I opened the package to test it.It 's very slim & portable , which makes it perfect for travel . I can see how the pen could slide out of the loop as the elastic loosens a bit over time . I can also understand why people talk about the pen drying out quickly . We 'll have water bottles in the car , but it will take some careful pouring to refill in the car without making a mess . It might be worth it to have an extra pen in case one is empty or lost.The pictures do n't last very long , but it 's long enough to keep a little one occupied . Even I had fun with it for about 10 minutes , and I 'm 32 years old ! ; -RRB- Provided it holds up well , this is a toy that we 'll reserve for car travel for years to come . No melting crayons or dried-up markers , no mess , and no scrambling to find more sheets of paper.By the way , I bought it at a local store for $ 14 , so do a little price-hunting before you buy .
 My daughter loves her Travel 'N Doodle . We use it when we are on the road and it keeps her occupied . Of course , she is an artist at heart and anything involving coloring and drawing will capture her attention . This is nice because it does not cause a mess and she can keep using it over and over . I like the fold up design so she can draw on two halves and it makes the whole thing quite portable.My only qualm is the pen , which dries out between uses . Wish where was a cap or maybe make it retractable . It 's never ready when I need it . I need to find a source of water , which is not always available to me . Fortunately , we do have water for our long road trips . Just be ready to keep refilling it .
 We got this for my 18 month daughter for our vacation road trip . It was a absolute hit . Got ta like the no mess factor.Only caveat , be careful of the twist off top to the pen . Our daughter figured out the tip twisted off and we were periodically having to refill it .
 I bought this for my 3 year old before a long road trip . She loved it ! The pen stays in the little pocket for it just fine . I love that it has instructions for how to draw a few different things around the edge of the mat . My daughter just loves to doodle on this toy !
 The pictures do n't do this statue justice . The cape , flapping in the wind and coming up around the dark knight is gorgeous and does n't feel like the shiney , thick , symmetrical cape the pictures would indicate ... and the pose is unique to the B&W series - this is n't the dark knight standing menacingly or in action , this is him perched , seconds before springing into action . Great statue and addition to the collection .
 I 'm not too surprised by the negative reviews for the product . In a way I agree with them . When you look at a toy like this I think you have to first ask who it 's for , and what 's the purpose of it . And in the case of this one , which came out about 4 years ago , it was on the heels of the last of the ` first ' three Star Wars . If you were getting it as an adult for a collector piece , you 'll probably be pleased with it . But if you 're an adult that 's getting it for a child , you 'll probably be very disappointed.I think it 's a neat toy . The detail is incredible , from the turettes to the satellite dish , guns and sounds . It 's a neat little package . At least from what I saw of my nephews . The figures can fit in after a bit of maneuvering and you have to be careful because they will come off a little easier than you 'd like if playing with the toy . But having said that , it 's life-like and lets kids relive or create their own adventures . And it 's close to scale compared to other toys in the series . But I have to be honest , I 'd be hesitant to get this for little kids again because of what I said above . 1
 I believe this version of the Falcon is the third iteration or the original toy put out by Kenner in the late 70 's . They have reused the molds of the original ship , made some improvements to the attachment of * some * of the parts , and included some very cool lights and sound effects , including 1 -RRB- a start up sequence , 2 -RRB- blast into hyperspace -LRB- engines glow white then blue -RRB- , 3 -RRB- flyby sound effect and 4 -RRB- front laser cannons . The ship also sports a torpedo launcher in the front which shoots a little red projectile and gives a sound effect.Where the toy fails is in the attachment of several parts . There is a drop down access ramp which wo n't stay attached at the hinge -LRB- hooks are to shallow -RRB- . The turrent gun seat does n't attach firmly to the rest of the assembly -LRB- although seems to stay in place pretty well anyway -RRB- . Also , the rear landing gear tends to collapse too easily . Other parts stay on pretty well , although probably not as well as could be expected with modern toys.This brings us back to the fact that the original molds for this toy are probably over 25 years old . While there is a certain nostalga for parents in their 30 's seeing a relic of their childhood , one also has to be reminded that the original Kenner Star Wars vehicles were n't the most durable toys around . Unfortunately , the Falcon has n't been improved enough to meet the durability expectations of the 21st Century.However , -LRB- and here is the rub -RRB- there are qualities of this toy that are hard to ignore : First , it * is * the Falcon . While there is a distortion in scale between the size of the 3.75 inch figures and the scale of the ship , the modelers did an incredible job in making functional interior and cockpit for various figures while providing an exterior that really looks like the Falcon from the movies . The illusion of the varying scales working within each other is remarkable.Second , the lights for the engines are very , very cool . The whole back of the ship is one big blue glowing light , which gives a good illusion of the effect of the movies . Turn off the lights at night and admire the effects . Did I mention that the ship also has headlights in the front?Finally , it is neat that its a really big ship . Lots of toys now-a-days differentiate between the static * playset * versus the mobile vehicle your `` guys '' tool around in . The Falcon is a bit of both , which is rare in toys these days.While advertised for kids 4 + , the Falcon is really suitable for kids that are 8 + , where they might have the patience to deal with some delicate parts while still young enought to fully enjoy the toy . Parents should also consider the temperment of their children as the tradeoffs between lots of fun and lots of frustration are potentially very high with this toy .
 No one will ever know what getting this toy means to me . I have wanted a big Millennium Falcon ever since I first liked the Star Wars movies , but not many were ever sold or made . But now , with the release of this toy , I knew that I must get it in order to avoid the never-ending wait or incase they never make them again . Now I can truthfully say `` I have the Millennium Falcon . '' It rests comfortably next to the other vehicles I have , and I 'm glad that I have it . If you 've always wanted a big -LRB- and I mean BIG -RRB- Millennium Falcon , do n't hesitate and get it right away before they 're gone ... As for the toy itself , it 's big . The outside looks just amazing , which matters to me . You can open up the ship by lifting up the back of the falcon to find a gunner seat , a hidden compartmen , and a chess table . For me , it does n't matter about what 's in the inside because I 'll probably never mess what 's in there . As long as it looked good on the outside , its fine by me . Other nice touches to the ship are the boarding ramp that can be lowered and raised , just like in the movie , landing gear , and all the electronic stuff , such as the lights and sounds.My only complaints with the toy are that the landing gear makes the ship appear too high off the ground and that there 's only one quad gun -LRB- one for the top , but not one for the bottom -RRB- . This should n't prevent you from buying this like me . Like a previous reviewer said , `` she may not look like much , but she 's got it where it counts ! ''
 This is a huge success . He is very involved in Star Wars characters and specifically asked for this particular toy .
 This is a great toy . I had the same ship as a kid . One small complaint
 For the first time since 1995 , the Millenium Falcon gets re-released with a few `` Special '' modifications making this the best version of the Falcon released to date . The Hyperdrive now illuminates with a cool blue glow when activated by 2 of the 4 authentic sound effects buttons that simulate the `` Jump into Hyperspace '' and the casual `` Flyby . '' There is also the engine `` Jump-Start '' sounds and the forward mounted cannons strobe red and `` fire '' when activated . The forward-mounted missile projectile shoots and makes the sound effect from the film to re-create the assault on the Death Star 's Main Reactor . There are even working headlights on the front of the ship just like in the movie . The cockpit has been redesigned to accomodate two of the post-Power of the Force scale action figures , but do n't expect to fit both of the super-sized `` steroids '' Chewie and Han figures from the '95 Power of the Force line . The landing gear now `` snap '' firmly into place and will not easily push up into the hull so the Falcon will no longer `` sag '' when it is in landing mode . The overall quality of the plastic is much more durable and the paint and weathering are very authentic and an improvement over the stark-white vintage and the over-done Power of the Force versions . The interior is pretty much the same . There is a hidden floor compartment to hide some action figures and there is a rotating chair for the swivel cannons . The landing ramp lowers and there is the old chess board table . Now , take my advice , if you want to use the holo-chess table that was included with Dejarik Chewbacca , DO NOT apply the decal for the chess board over the table first . The table has been fastened by a small phillips head screw . Unscrew this first before applying the decal , this way you can place Dejarik Chewbacca over the stem and easily switch between tables as you prefer . Overall , the modifications to the old mold are very impressive but there is still room for considerable improvements . The cardboard backdrop inside the playset could have been removed and an access corridor and doorway could have been implemented to connect the cockpit to the aft section like in the films . The rotating cannon could have been retooled to accomodate one of the previously released `` Gunner Stations '' figures and the flashing lights could have been incorporated into the cannon barrels instead of on the front of the hull . I would like to have seen an Emergency Access Hatch and elevator to recreate Luke 's rescue from Cloud City . Perhaps it would have been better to just create an entirely new scale Falcon from scratch ala the FX X-Wing to accomodate all of these possible features but for what they have done to the old mold , she may not look like much , but she still has it where it counts !
 A very big ship indeed!It has cool sounds . Now you can fit two characters in the cockpit ! Alot of room for figures inside , gunner seat , andlights also . It looks small in the picture , but its huge!Battle damage outside too . You can re-create the scene from the movie when ties come . Do n't feel like fighting , Make the jump to hyperspace with lights and sounds ! It also has the secret floor panel like in the movie ! The landing gear is very durable.The door works well , but the legs on the door are n't sturdy.When I play with it , I open the flap to put the figures in because the figure will hit the legs and they will fall off.They could have removed the cardboard wall and made more room though . Other than that , I love it !
 When I first saw the new Millennium Falcon , I thought it was just a repackaged version of the one that was released in the mid to late 90 's . I 'm glad that I took a closer look because Hasbro has added some nice new features and made some improvements over earlier releases.As a collector -LRB- i.e. big kid ;-RRB- -RRB- , I 've always liked the Millennium Falcon toy . But there were a few things on the original and the 90 's re-release which bothered me . First was the fact that it is rather difficult to get figures into the cockpit . There 's not much space in there and the cheap plastic hinge used to open/close the cockpit cover always seemed kind of fragile . I was always afraid of bending it too far because the plastic would eventually get weak and break . And remember how if you ` fly ' the ship upside down the cover over the main compartment would fall off?Well , I 'm happy that the toy designers at Hasbro have fixed these problems . The new cockpit has a redesigned cover that flips up -LRB- instead of sideways -RRB- on a more standard peg hinge . The control panel sits inside the cockpit cover and no longer has a divider to separate the left and right ` seat ' . This makes getting Han and Chewbacca in and out of the cockpit much easier . The new hinge should also be more durable over time , although you must be careful not to flip the cockpit cover up too far . They also added strategically placed tabs on the main compartment cover so it will stay in place even when the ship is upside down . It takes a little bit of effort to get the cover on , but it 's not too bad.On my 90 's re-release Falcon , I discovered a problem with the rear landing gear . I had stored the ship for a few years . I got it out recently and pulled out the landing gear . The plastic tabs used to lock the rear landing gear into place had been pushed in for so long that they no longer popped out far enough to securely hold the gear out . Hasbro must have recognized this problem because the new 2004 version uses spring loaded tabs in the landing gear which should n't have this issue.One of the best new features of the ship are the lighted engines . This is what caused me to buy it . They look really cool -LRB- especially at night -RRB- with the bright blue lights . The new ` fly by ' sound effect enhances the visual effect of the lighted engines . The new launching missile is another nice feature . You can load the red missile into the front of the ship and press a button to fire it . Firing the missile also turns on a missile launching sound effect -LRB- nice ! -RRB- . The new sound effects are mostly good . Besides the ` fly by ' sound , you also get ` start ' -LRB- which sounds like the engines starting up and then switches to a cruise sound ; the engines also light up -RRB- , ` burst ' -LRB- which sounds like the hyperdrive turning on , followed by cruise sound ; the engines light up for this one also -RRB- , and ` cannon ' -LRB- which sounds like the laser cannons firing and causes the red cannons on the front of the ship to light up -RRB- . I do n't really like the ` cannon ' sound and prefer the laser cannon sound from the 90 's re-release Falcon better . But that 's just my opinion.The only other thing I do n't quite like about the ship are the small pegs used to secure the ramp in the closed position . They are smaller than the ones used on the 90 's re-release . It looks like they might snap off if you 're not careful . Only time will tell if this will be a problem.Overall , I really like this new ship . Hasbro did a good job adding new features and correcting problems the old versions had . It is a great looking ship/toy . Whether you had an earlier Millennium Falcon or not , you will enjoy this new 2004 version .
 i got this toy for christmas and its really fun . i really like the sound effects and the light on the back . i also like the fact that you can open the top . the toy is HUGE . the only flaw is the escape ramp it falls apart too easily overall its a must have for all star wars fans .
 As other reviewers have stated , the `` Original Trilogy Collection '' -LRB- OTC -RRB- Millennium Falcon has several improvements over the old `` Power of the Force '' -LRB- POTF -RRB- version of 1995 . Some of the improvements that I think have not been addressed on past reviews : MOLD
 This is a great ship . The inside is okay , and could be bigger and truer to the movies , but still is fun , but the outside is amazing . The level of detail after adding stickers is great , and looks almost exactly like the real ship . My only complaint about the detailing is that it could have been grey , not white . All in all , this is fabulous .
 this is a very cool toy , it has a opening cockpit and back . plus a secret floor board for them to hide in ! overall it has lights and sounds !
 After reading many mixed reviews for the new Millennium Falcon ship-i decided to go ahead and buy it . I found some of the parts to be a little flimsy but overall an excellent piece . the decals are good-keep in mind-no toy is designed to be an exact replica so if you are one of those people who demands perfection this is not for you . the electronics are awesome-it really is not meant to be played with as some pieces do tend to fall off-but for 39.99 you wo n't find a better value for this ship-buy it !!!
 my last review was odviously dumped by amazon due to Obe Wan 's `` Your uncle did n't want you going on some -- fool crusade like your father did . '' Hmm , I 've heard worse , even here . oh well . The word `` Spaceship '' does n't do the Millinium Falcon justice . This is a starship capable of intersteller travel and it has the shnazzy lights and engine grid to prove it . It fits 3.75 figures which Chewbacca is not apart of unfortunately . Chewie 's instant action figure will NOT fit in this ship . C3-PO is also missing from the inventory here , but you can find him at some toystores or REALLY nerdy comic book collection stores . Amazon does not stock this quirky Great Uncle-persona Robot anymore for use in the holo-chess game with Chewie and R2 . I 've got the only availible items on order to fit into this ship . Han Solo Trilogy Collection -LRB- arm AND leg joints -RRB- LeiaDeath Star Edition -LRB- legs/arms not jointed -RRB- , and Obe Wan -LRB- flight to Alderaan I think . -LRB- Legs/arms do n't move same as Leia -RRB- . As well as the Hoth Set with a Chewie with some other junk . I recommend this more for collections and for display rather than a kid 's toy . Like a lot of people have said it falls apart -LRB- much like the '78 original did -RRB- . Since a kid wants to go running around with the thing it 's best to find something he can do that with without breaking it.Educational value ' 2 ' why ? who knows . Hyperdrive is acurate and in the center of the ship . Layout can be educational to a smart child .
 I purchased this as a gift for my daughter . For the past year , we had been printing and coloring mandalas found on the internet . When I came across this product , I was very excited . I knew she would enjoy it . As soon as she opened the package she was making her own mandalas . It was long before the rest of my family started borrowing it to make their own . I found it very relaxing to make and color in . It as if once you start , you ca n't stop . I purchased some vellum paper and we used a fine tip black permanent marker to draw the mandalas and then colored them in with colored markers . We then hung them in the windows for a `` stained glass '' look . I think anyone that purchases this product will not be disappointed !
 I use this at school as preschool kindergarten teacher and my children at home love it too.You must keep the pencils sharp to use it but the results are beautiful .
 This is a great product for kids who can create their own design and then color it . It is a step further from coloring drawings in the book . Kids can learn about pattern , drawing and coloring .
 My six year old loves this - so do I ! It 's really fun to sit and make different designs and allows for creative ideas each time . The tray is a bit flimsy but otherwise it 's really neat . We 've had fun making all sorts of designs .
 very cute on the dog ... but it bogs her down and she has troble moving her head/ears . i love it but i wish it would n't interfere with her movents .
 Fashion has become so popular in our culture that our electronic pets , like our real ones , have to have a wardrobe . This little set of hat , scarf , etc for the idog is really cute and the idog looks totally adorable in them . There 's just one problem
 Wonderful made Axel . Perfect to go with any Roxas plushie !! Great gift for Christmas too !
 pretty good , Roxas one much betterthe coat kinda slimy feeling , the weapons are cloth and kinda ugly and the chin has wrinkles plus 2 sets of eyebrows are kinda a let down.Tis a good price for a plushie this big though , if you like Axel get it anyway
 I like it however there are some minor details I do n't like , the coat was badly made and it seemed a bit rushed .
 got for my best friend for christmas she absoulty loved it ! hoping to buy more for her collection of kingdom hearts
 THIS AXEL IS AMAZING !!!!!!! I love this Axel ! His Orginization XII hoodie is made of a smoother material . His weapons are fabric and are just stuck in his hands . I love it and highly recomend it !
 My daughter , 7 years old , has enjoyed her i-dog a lot . The new outfits to accessorize has made the dog not only a cool toy now but a great room accessory as well . I do have to admit the dog looks real cute in the purple set we got .
 We purchased the i-dog , the purse and the chill set for our 10 year old daughter and she is having a BLAST with it . It is so much fun to play with and VERY cute while it is working . Not real educational , but it is loads of fun . Highly recommended for your tween .
 Ok Ask Yoda is not desgined to turn your little jedi into a brain surgeon but it does break up the monotony of my desk . The Old Magic 8 Ball of yesterday has been updated with a new Star Wars theme . This re-release of Ask Yoda has been given a new nicely made cloak , and detailed belt . His blue eyes appear very life-like , and comes complete with little tufts of white hiar around his soft skinned pointed ears . Simply Ask Yoda a question , and give his little hand a gentle squueze , and listen to the sage-like wisdom of the ancient Jedi Master . He says a variety of different phrases , and even has several hidden `` Easter Egg '' phrases that he can speak . I was told by Yoda that I had squeezed his little hand to hard , and just about fell down laughing . I 'm not sure if the kids will go for this , but i think that everyone in the office will get a kick out of him . I am not sure if Frank Oz was the person behind the voice-over and to me Ask Yoda sounds more like the Yoda from the CLone Wars animated shorts . Just in case you were wondering .
 From the first time I watched Star Wars Episode V , and saw Yoda , everybody else in the theatre thought he was a stupid little green alien , BUT I KNEW ! Yoda is the wisest of all the Jedi Masters , and this toy is so cool ! So far , he 's helped me find $ 20 on the street , avoid a party where everybody was caught drinking , and get me a girlfriend . It worked for me , it 'll work for you , too !
 This is what I asked Yoda when I was playing with it in the store , and he replied `` Simple question you ask , yes . '' Therefore I had to have it.Yoda comes in a box with the front open so you can try him out as you please at the store . I 've always wanted a Magic 8-ball but never gave myself a good enough reason to buy one . When I saw Ask Yoda at the store , I had to have it because I 'm a fan of Star Wars . The toy is made quite well . The rubber on his skin is great quality , and there is pretty good detail in his face . I wish his mouth would move when he spoke but it does n't . Overall this is more than I would expect for $ 20 so I 'm quite pleased.The volume of the voice is pretty good for an office setting and my co-workers get a kick out of it . The only thing I dislike is that when you stop asking him questions -LRB- or stop pressing his left hand -RRB- , about a minute or so later he will ask you if you 're done asking questions , which might startle you if your coworker who was playing with it just left and you 've gone back to concentrating on your work . I think kids would have fun with this toy as well .
 I grew up with the `` 8 ball '' - asking it Yes or No questions to see how it would answer . Now we have something even better ! Yoda !! I got this as a gift this year and absolutely LOVE IT . Ask a Yes or No question - press his left hand and he has like 20 + different random answers ! I had some friends over for dinner and we kept passing him around - everyone found this to be very entertaining . This is great for adults and young people . I may even take Yoda to the office ! This is a MUST HAVE for Star Wars fans and collectors .
 Saw this toy in the store before Christmas , told my wife that I did n't care what I got for Christmas as long as I got Yoda . Took him to the office , and I do n't know how our company grew to profitability without his centuries-old wisdom and guidance . Any simple old question , like `` Should I hire this Harvard MBA type person '' and `` Is $ 300,000 too much in Salary '' were quickly and decisively dealt with by ol' Yoda . Customers , however , were less than thrilled when Yoda was put in control of their pricing . Turns out he 's a greedy little guy . Seriously , this toy added a little whimsical fun to our office otherwise filled with 20 something adolescents . Buy it , it 's worth the 20 bucks .
 I bought this as a gift for a bitthday party , and it was the hit of the presents ! I ca n't speak to it 's durability -LRB- so I gave it a 3 star rating -RRB- , since we do not have it , but it is a crowd pleaser .
 My all time favorite movie character is Yoda . Has been ever since I was a little kid playing with a Yoda belt buckle . Therefore , when I found this gem of a toy I was absolutely ecstatic ! The detailing is unbelievable and the interaction is quite amusing.As would be expected , asking Yoda questions does grow old eventually and he sometimes wants to play for a little longer than you do . Getting him to fall asleep can be a pain but listening to him as you turn him upside down should keep you entertained.While I do not feel that this is an overly stimulating toy in terms of its educational value that is not the major qualm that I have with the toy . After having played with it moderately for about three weeks I noticed one day that the left eyelid had begun to disintegrate . Because I cherish the toy more as a collectible than as an actual plaything I wound up putting poor Yoda in a ziplock baggie and stored him away in a cool dark environment . Therefore , be forewarned that you may have some issues with the toy falling apart after some extensive use . It might be possible that my toy was just poorly made but having read some of the other reviews I do not believe that to be true.In summation , enjoy your Yoda ! Great toy , great price , just watch out for the disintegration of the skin .
 I love this item ! I was looking for something exactly like it for a long time . I am very satisfied !!! Thank you .
 My nephew , whose now 6 years old , owns this dino . I bought it for him for Christmas one year . He still plays with it . It 's very durable and has survived multiple falls down the stairs .
 This action figure is worth many hours of fun . The whole thing is very realistic and detailed . It has every thing the real Boba has . Just wish it was like the 12 inch Jango Fett , with the removable armor -LRB- Which is immposible for me to find . -RRB- and the many other things.Also the wookie hairs come out of the braids easily . Overall it is very fun and enjoyable .
 Awesome figure !!! Excellent detailing !! Except on the variants ... The blue one is Empire strikes back style , being the more acurate of the two . The Gray costumed one is Return of the Jedi erab but isnt completely accurate cause he has green ESB wristbands when he has red ones in Jedi . But besides the variant mix-up an awesome must have for any Star Wars fan . Oh and the blue one is a short run so grab it if you see it !
 this has to be the best 12 inch boba fett figure ive seen . . and its a great addition to my collection . . the likeness is spot on quality he has his empire strikes back appearence outfit complete with blaster and braided wookie scalps and all the little markings/symbols on his armor . . plus the figure comes in a excellent package that resembles the original late 70s box art of the famed 12 inch line.if your a star wars fan this is a no brainer . .
 I just purchased this figure to add to my collection of 12inch figures and since i cant begine to touch the SideShows version of this figure.this figure is very well detailed but it wont stand up on its own so i suggest that you use a figure stand for him . and it would of been better if it had a couple of set of hands to change out because the hands on it dont hold his blaster very well . but for the price i paid for it i can not complain it still is a very nice figure and he actually looks good standing next to my cylon figure .
 The minute I got this figure I was already amazed ! The box is really cool looking with a picture of Boba on the front and back . He stands roughly at 12 '' and I already have him displayed holding his blaster . His outfit is made of fabric and clothing and the armor is made of strong rubber/plastic . The only thing that was a little let down is the antenna on his helmet . It was slightly bent , giving it a warped look but like I said , it 's only a minor thing . Overall , he looks impressive with his colors and the version I got has the green gauntlets instead of the red ones . Star Wars really put a lot into this figure as well as details . He even has the little tools on each of his leg shins that are removeable as well as the jet pack . I 'm happy with mine and I 'm sure you will be too ! May the force be with you !
 With the loong awaited `` Star Wars '' trilogy finally released on DVD , Hasbro has decided to release a retro-trilogy toy line that specificaly deals with characters from the first three `` Star Wars '' films . the 12 '' line this year has three figures from the original trilogy , Luke Skywalker , Boba Fett , and Stormtrooper.Boba Fett comes in his original 1979 window box packaging thats housed in a black box with a plastic see-thru front with the `` Star Wars Original Trilogy '' label at the bottom front of the box.There is a big variant to watch for on this figure.In the early releases of Boba Fett , he came dressed in his green Mandolrian armor but with the original blue cloth outfit form the original 1979 release . But , lately Boba Fett has been showing up a lot more in the same style packaging and everything , but , with the more classic olive green cloth outfit that is more Boba Fett like.In short if you see Fett in the blue outfit - grab it ! It might be a bit more collectible in the long run . I have a feeling that Hasbro made a bit of a boo-boo on this figure and instead of having the figure recalled they just let it go . As usual these figures have a high collectibality rate and are in high demand so do n't let these figures go .
 I wanted a boba fett figure for my display case , and after considering all available figures I decided on this one . I do n't play with toys anymore so the small scale figures were nostalgic but not display quality . With this 1/6th figure all the details , and quality of craftsmanship are present . It 's better than the other fett incarnations in the same scale -LRB- with the exception of the sideshow or marmit figures -RRB- at a fraction of the comparative prices . two things I did n't like about the figure are 1-the neck is a little short , 2-the hands are not posable as in the other 1/6th trilogy figures . Overall this is a perfect addition to any star wars collection .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas , he has been drooling over it for months now and I know when he opens it he will love it .
 My son received these blocks for christmas . There are 9 unique mini unit block sets -LRB- we got 8 of the 9 -RRB- . They all come in a beautiful wooden box , although I can not see us ever returning each set back to its box , the boxes have come in handy for building and storing other treasures . The blocks are painted nicely , not coated with that type of paint popular now a days which chips extremely easily.The picture of these block sets is a bit deceptive , there are two layers of blocks in each , so you can not see all the blocks in the picture.I think this is a great size of block , we do not own any unit blocks , so I can not say how it works with them , but its a good size for tabletop building , and the variety of shapes if you get all 9 sets is wonderful . I looked at a lot of block sets and found that when you added them together , these sets were a good value for the number of blocks you get.Please be aware though that many of the sets do contain blocks small enough to be a choking hazard .
 I got this for my 4 year old daughter , who happens to be in love with Luke Skywalker ... who would have thought a 4 year old girl would be obcessed with Star Wars ?? Anyway ... this is GREAT !!! An awesome gift for a FAN of the movies ! Even a 4 year old fan !
 With the looong release of the `` Star Wars '' trilogy on DVD , Hasbro decided to celebrate with a retro-trilogy toy line release that includes deluxe 3.75 '' figures as well as three deluxe 12 '' figures . The first in this line is Luke Skywalker from the original `` Star Wars '' . Luke is packaged in the original window style flap box and comes in a protective black box with a see-thru front and the new `` Star Wars Original Trilogy '' logo sticker on the bottom front of the box.Luke is wearing his original white Tatooine tunic with his tan pants and boots and carries his dad 's blue lightsabre and grappling hook , to help Princess Leia out of a rough spot.The outfit is made of cloth and I wondered why Hasbro gave Luke the grappling hook this time around . Since there are only three other figures in this set & one of them is n't Princess Leia , I can only assume its for nostalgia reasons . The other high point to the figure is that his arm and leg joints are bendable and are n't like the original stiff moving figures . I recommend getting the entire set.The `` Star Wars Original Trilogy '' figure sets are the more attractive `` Star Wars '' sets released by Hasbro in quite some time.If your a die-hard `` Star Wars '' fan do n't let these figures get past you .
 This is my very first 12 inch figure I bought . Any fan will remember when he looked off into the twin suns of Tatooine . He has many points of articulation and includes authentic clothing , grapling hook and of course , his lightsaber .
 This toy is great because it helps me play pretend.I also like this toy because STAR WARS movies are awesome !!!!! I hope you sell more Lukes because I will totally buy them !
 This is another toy from the star wars collection that you must get . I have seen many star wars items come and go so i am going out and getting it . I already have stormtrooper and another one . so hurry before they are gone . Just like transformers reissue collection they come and go . I wont miss any more collections
 This is , by far , the best-looking 12 '' Stormtrooper Hasbro -LRB- and before that , Kenner -RRB- has produced to date . Maybe not as cool as the Marmit figures , but then not nearly as expensive either . The sculpt is very nicely done , particularly the head which can often be , on 12 '' figures at least , wonky in terms of proportion -LRB- 12 '' Zam Wesell , anyone ? -RRB- . The packaging is very nice , if you like to keep your figures packaged , but I like to open mine and stand them up . This is where the figures shortcomings are exposed . The added articulation is very cool . The figure can be posed in more `` natural '' positions than the somewhat stiff POTF2 version of the Stormtrooper . Sadly several crucial joints are very weak and make display of the figure a challenge . The `` kung-fu '' grip in the hands is pretty loose causing the gun to fall out of his hand . A lot . Scavenging a small clear rubber-band from a 3-3/4 '' figure and wrapping it around the Stormtroopers gun-hand a couple of times helps and is n't too noticeable from a short distance . The biggest problem is the ankles . Unless one balances the figure perfectly , it 's face-plant city . Mine went down dozens of times -- sometimes immediately , sometimes after several hours of seeming to stand just fine . He is now leaning on a shelf , tipped just past center , with the wall supporting most of his weight.It 's a very cool figure -LRB- now that he 's wedged somewhere secure -RRB- and probably in short supply in some markets -LRB- Hasbro 's distribution is decidedly uneven -RRB- so if you get a chance , grab one . Well worth the money . You 'll get thirty clams worth of play/frustration just trying to stand him up .
 + Great sculpt , very posable , excellent packaging , terrific detail . - mat finish head , oversized fore arm armor -LRB- and lower legs -RRB- , some weak joints.while not as accurately sculpted as the RAH figure I do actually like this figure a little more than the sideshow version due to ease of repositioning , and the black suit in this figure is a fabric rather than the rubberized sideshow version that does dry rot .
 I must agree that this by far the BEST stormtrooper out there . The articulation in the hands , arms , legs , etc. is superior to the collector 's edition stormtrooper . As well , the material making the uniform is more sturdy than the previous stormtroopers . This is a great buy - so get it quick . You may have a better chance of getting here than looking in the stores because so many stores are limited in numbers and only get a few cases mixed with the other OTC line -LSB- Boba Fett and Luke . -RSB-
 Hasbro continues the Retro-Original look with this 12 '' `` Star Wars '' Trilogy figure.Packaged in its original style packaging from its 1978 toy release , the Stormtrooper comes with his usual basic assessory - a blaster and his white armor.The box is packaged in a protective see-thru case -LRB- the equivalant of a huge star-case , I guess -RRB- with the original trilogy logo stickered at the bottom . On the back is the photos for the other large size figures to the set -LRB- Luke Skywalker & Boba Fett -RRB- with photos of other original trilogy accessories.It is a decent collectible to grab and these figures are quite cool to collect.I highly recommend them . Get them while you can , because , they may be pulled or discontinued in Spring of 2005 to make way for the release of `` Star Wars Episode III
 receiver said he liked it well . rtfrgt 45t4t5 45t4t65 45t4t 4u6uu 6nujiu yuuyyujuy yuuyhyuh tyytty ytty tgtg tytyh hg bgh
 My Little Pony Ice Cream Dream Supreme With Rainbow SwirlThis toy is just what any little girl would like to receive for Christmas or any time . My granddaughters love any My Little Pony item . With this toy , they receive Rainbow Swirl pony and an ice cream cart as well . With a little imagination they can create a story around that to keep them busy all afternoon . It is just what they want to add to their collection . It is wonderful to see them using their imaginations while playing instead of always being entertained on the computer . This is a must buy for any My Little Pony fan , or to get a collection started .
 My 5 year-old DD loved playing with this at a friend 's house . I found it used on eBay and snapped it up . Even though it is used , it is in fantastic condition , as was the one our friend plays with . Very durable.The truck opens up to have an ice cream parlor on the bottom and a table on top . My daughter loves setting out her ponies and making the rounds with the ice cream truck . I like the soft dinging sound and the fact that it gets her to run around the house pushing the truck.She fits in 3 ponies at a time - the driver , a passenger in back , and a pony on top straddling the ice cream cone sign.Highly recommended .
 A very cute and durable toy at a great price . We gave this to our daughter for her 4th birthday . She loves little ponies and ice cream so this was her dream come true ! I like the sturdy plastic , the options of turning the roof into a parlor table , turning the drivers seat around to become another chair for the ice cream parlor , the ice cream cone storage in the truck , the ability of placing an ice cream cone on the pony 's leg , and the cheerful ice cream truck bell sound as you roll the truck along during play . I am very glad we bought it . I can tell it will last for years .
 My daughter is a hooked on My Little Pony so I bought this to add to the rest of her collection it is a fun toy my only problem is that the icecreams are too big to store in the ice cream container -LRB- I guess that what you call them -RRB- MY daughter has fun with it ...
 I bought this toy for my daughter . She loves My Little Pony . I also bought two more for my friend 's daughters . They loved it . They liked it when they pushed the truck and the bell would ring . Also liked the ice cream cones that came with the toy to feed the ponies . A great toy for a Great Price !!! Great for pony fans .
 I bought this for my 3-year-old for Christmas 2007 and she loves it . The pony that comes with it has bendable legs to sit down in the `` driver 's seat '' and the roof flips over to reveal a little dining area with a table . My daughter loves to pretend that the ponies are selling ice cream to each other ; she also enjoys the bell sound made when rolling the wheels . I like the fact that there no batteries required !
 Not only does this toy come with a poseable pony -LRB- most are not -RRB- but the ice cream truck opens up for a mini ice cream shop . It comes with little cones & accessories and the wheel plays a little jingle as the truck is pushed along . Sturdy & fun for any child .
 For a BIG my little pony fan , this was quite a hit on Christmas morning , and several days later she is still playing with it constantly . That is pretty good considering she gets TONS of toys for Christmas . My daughter really loves the dinging on the ice cream truck , and she loves how it opens up . It is a sturdy , well made toy and I highly recommend it for any pony fan .
 It is such a nice gift to 2-4 years old girl . The pony with rainbow colorful hair and lovely ice cream track that you can open inside . The ding sound is cute when the truck tire moving.Truck was made strong plastic , not cheapy material . It was christmas sale from amazon with free shipping . good selection in amazon .
 The buid of this toy is solid and it 's suppose to be proper for kids around five . I got two , one for my wife and one for my labmate . I am surprised that both of them love it very much . It 's cute and the movement of Pikachu is so dumb. : -RRB-
 We got this for my daughters iDog and she loves it . Now she wants them in all of the colors ! It is pretty cute and adds even more personality to an already adorable toy !
 This is a new fashion statement for the idog ! To girls is `` cute '' ... But to a boy like me i think it 's `` cool '' i suggest the green chill set for the black idog owners !
 What can I say ? ... CUTE ! I hope they come out with outfits for other seasons as well . I am going to have to get more colors to coordinate iDog 's wardrobe with mine . I do have a hard time keeping up with the ear socks . I have lost them a couple of times when they have slid off , but luckily found them in the car both times . Everyone I know that has an iDog has asked me where to get the sweater set ... they all want a set for their iDogs .
 bought the green outfit to match the pink idog for my niece . She loves it .
 Being a Pokemon fan , I rushed out and got this the second it came out ... okay , I lied , I waited for the price to drop , THEN I bought it.When Pokemon first came out , Tiger brought us a Pokedex modeled after Ash 's Pokedex from the show . Almost . It came with a letterpad and extra buttons that were n't on the real Pokedex , and almost the entire thing was red , with no additional color . Not to mention the tiny screen only displayed five letters at a time.This new Pokedex makes a few improvements . It 's almost an exact repica of the Pokedex used by Ash and May on the Advanced series , and the screen is much improved . It has the info for the 200 Pokemon found in Ruby/Sapphire , which may disappoint fans looking for older Pokemon that were left out of the new release . It also tosses in a few minigames as well.However , it 's not perfect . I was half expecting the Pokedex to make the pleasant `` ding '' sound as it does on the TV show . Instead , we get an annoying buzzer sound each time you press the main button . Do yourself a favor and turn off the sound as soon as you start it up . Also , the front cover feels a bit flimsy . I have a feeling it will NOT survive a day with a typical child without the cover being snapped off.It 's a nice gift for a Pokemon fan and collectors who are old enough to know not to throw it around . I give it a generous 4 out of 5 ...
 My kids love this game - it has been a huge hit - they are Pokemon fans and they each have one , ages 6 and 9 . I really dislike pokemon , but Santa saw fit to bring these Pokedexes this holiday.Two tips for parents :1 -RRB- The factory setting for the screen contrast was way off on both of them . A quick adjustment makes the screen * much * easier to read .2 -RRB- Sound can be turned off on the ` options mode ' - and you will definitely want to do that -LRB- beep , beep , beep , agggghhh -RRB- The kids say they wish it had a color screen , but at $ 40 , it 's hard to expect that . They area also making their way through the games pretty fast - meaning that they may get bored with it after that - and its not expandable . But they tell me then it becomes a ` reference tool ' for identifying pokemon.I must admit that I fully expected to slam this toy on the review , but have been quite suprised at how much they love it .
 I think $ 40 is wayyyy over priced . The minute I opened it , It felt like the top might snap . It 's cheap light weight plastic but ... My son loves it . He 's had it for 1 week now and has n't put it down . He even emptied his piggy bank to pay for it . So I guess If he loves it , it 's worth it . I would wait for a sale though .
 I think the pokemon advanced pokedex is a great holiday toy for all pokemon fans ! fans will enjoy : capturing new pokemon on capture modegetting new screen savers and prizeslooking up their favorite pokemonsaving their favorite pokemonlearning about their pokemonplaying around like they 're ashgetting codesand after a few minutes , the pokedex will automatically turn off when not played with after a whileit 's so small it can fit in your pocket!i recommend this toy because it 's so fun and i 'm 11 years old . i think kids will be playing with this toy more than anything else they get under the christmas tree . the only thing bad about this toy is the price . i think the price is the thing that might hold parents back from buying this toy . Well do n't hold back ! i am saying that loud and clear , this is one cool toy !
 this was ALOT better than the last pokedex and with a few minor adustments -LRB- such as sound off , and adusting the screen you can do these both in options . -RRB- its perfect -LRB- if only i waited for the price drop -RRB-
 This is a perfect item for all Pokemon fans . It contains all the information you need to now on all the Hoenn Pokemon . Fans of the olds however wo n't be able to find their faves in this guide exceot for a select few . For example , if you want a Charizard profile , you 're better off with the old one . But , this no longer has the ridiculous ripoff of being able to fit only five words on the screen . I mean , cmon , you could n't even fit the word Scyther on the old screen , but this one rocks . In addition to Pokemon info , you also get a bunch of minigames , getting a new one when you beat the high score of the latest one . Also , there 's a capture mode where you search the area for Pokemon . Instead of like in the game , you get a `` Who 's that Pokemon '' test . If you get the Pokemon right , you add it to your collection . There are 200 total Pokemon to catch . You also can find wierd scrolls for passwords considering screen savers or Pokemon alarms such as a Treecko alarm to wake you up each morning . Also , by fulfilling certain requirements , you can get badges like in the show . MUST BUY FOR POKEMON FANS !
 This toy ROCKS ! And I thought that the first Pokedex that was in stores was cool ! This is WAY better ! It actually looks like the real thing from the show ! you can even catch pokemon , something that you could never , EVER do in the first one , even find pokemon in a new , cool way , by type , habitat and alphabetical!I give it 2 thumbs up !
 Overall , I like this toy . You find lots of different pokemon , it is easy to use and operate and it is lots of fun if you like the TV show . The only complaint I have is that it takes a long time to shut down and you frequently find duplicate pokemon when playing .
 Yes , this game is fun , but what people do n`t know is ... . When in capture mode it shows a black figue of a pokemon and your kid will have recognize the pokemon to CATCH THEM ALL !!!!!!!!!
 I am a pokemon fan , but this kinda disappointed me . The cover easily breaks off and the maker seemed to have a thing for red . Tip
 My 10 year old son REALLY loves this toy !! buy it now !! your kids will LOVE it !!
 I want this item for my son but we are in Austerlia , what can I do ?
 This thing is incredible . It tells you everything about every pokemon at the touch of a button . It taught me things I never knew about pokeeman such as picheekabu . I am now a pokeeman genius . Armed with this nobody knows more about pokeeman than me !
 my 5 year old son loves pokemon so we got him this pokedex for a preschool `` graduation '' gift . he was so excited and carries it everywhere in the gameboy carrying case we also bought . -LRB- a little big but works -RRB- he 's just starting to read so some of the games are a bit hard -LRB- like the quiz -RRB- but otherwise he loves it . he used up the batteries already and it would n't restart after we changed them until we pressed the reset button . might be why it did n't work for others who thought this was a bad toy . we think it 's great , i 'm glad we bought it . my son wo n't go anywhere without it ! i only wish that it talked like the one on the show .
 This toy is one of the best toys my kids have gotten . The price was just a little bit high . But besides that , I love it !
 It has all 453 pokemon i believe this is an awesome toy for playing pokemon outside . Great toy !
 This is the best toy ever bye it today.Believe me its a bit bigger then it looks on the screen.Pokemon Pokedex rocks .
 My son who is 22 months is a big Pokemon fan . So for Christmas we purchased him this Charizard . He loves it , it is his favorite toy now . When you push down on Charizard 's tail he roars and lights up . This toy is also made so much better than the older pokemon figures . We are now going to buy the Electronic Pikachu and I hope it is as good and durable as the Charizard .
 My 19month old niece LOVES her play pots and pans . She plays with them all the time - very durable !
 We bought this for my sons third birthday , and he loves being able to pretend cook . He even likes to make coffee for his dad ! We also got some play food , so he could really have some fun .
 My daughter loves this set , and it has seen a lot of food and drinks . I can even throw it in the top rack of the dishwasher , and that 's a plus
 This is a very durable product . Very realistic.It is safe for young children because it does not have small pieces .
 We got this for our daughters for Christmas , ranging in age from 0 - 12 . Those old enough to play with it love it . It is a good set , of nice quality and it is sturdy . I would recommend it , especially for the price .
 These are like Tupperware . Really sturdy . My daughter loves them .
 This set is great ! My daughter pretends for a long time with these ! They are perfect for the young toddler .
 It is so hard finding kitchen toys that are young-toddler friendly . Most sets have parts that are for ages 3 and up or 5 and up . A few sets I found that would have needed slight modification for my daughter were what I would consider stereotypically girl , -LRB- hot pink and purple -RRB- , and I want my son to feel at ease playing with this toy when he is older too . These are great . Beige and `` silver '' , and big enough pieces so IF my 2 year old daughter puts them in her mouth , she wo n't choke . On Christmas morning , she went right to them , and played with them all day long . They are easy for her to handle and manipulate , and she loves `` cooking '' for Mommy , Daddy , and little brother . I would recommend these to anyone looking for a cute , complete , and practical cooking set .
 I had a hard time finding dishes for someone under 3 years of age . these were perfect for a 2 year old . she really enjoys them , and loves making `` soup Hot '' for her daddy . it includes pots and pans and little a spatula and serving spoon so she learns how to use these things . It helps with dexterity
 Our son loved to cook-just like mommy and daddy and like some of the chefs he sees on Food Network ! We had a lot of trouble finding a pots and pans set made for kids under 3 . This set has a good selection of different sized pots and pans and he loves the salt and pepper shakers ! I love that it is safe and gender neutral ! I mean-not all cooks are girls-so why are so many of the sets pink ? We love this set and we are getting one for a friend 's son as well .
 This pots & pans set came with my daughter 's LifeStyle Deluxe Kitchen , and she absolutely loves them . Another review had claimed the plastic was as durable and the edges were rough . . but not mine . They were all smooth and very durable . There were absolutely no flaws with the ones that we received.My daughter loves playing with them . They are very durable , and will not break , fade , chip or anything - they are not cheaply made like other pots / pans sets on the market . I highly recommend this set for any toddler to play with - it is a very good product and very realistic too -LRB- unlike other sets available -RRB- .
 This is a wonderful pot and pan set . After looking far and wide and even buying one set -LRB- and promptly returning the flimsy stuff -RRB- I found this and have been extremely pleased with it . It 's tough like Tupperware
 As a little girl , I was obsessed with play food and kitchen stuff . Now that I have a little girl of my own , she 's getting into it , too ! Fun for me ! For Christmas we bought her a Step2 Lifestyle kitchen and it came with this set as a bonus . These pots and pans FAR surpass anything that I ever owned as a child as well as anything I 've seen in stores . They are VERY durable plastic . Not soft and bendable , but NOT hard or something that will crack or break . The lids fit snugly , seemingly almost with an airtight seal . I love that this set is n't bright crazy colors that are unrealistic , and I also love that they match the kitchen beautifully . I am going to buy a second set so that I have four plates , cups and bowls for tea parties when she gets a bit older . You ca n't beat the price for this quality!As an added note , I would just like to say that if you 're looking for great play food for your child 's play kitchen , I would NOT go with the Step2 set . The pieces are very small and not as high quality as one would hope . The hamburger patty was about 2 '' at best and the bun is just as small . I highly recommend Learning Resources food . It 's very lifelike , most pieces are true to size , and it is well worth the extra money for what you get ! I have bought four sets for my daughter and I have been consistently pleased . : -RRB-
 I bought the same set 11 years ago , though just a little different for my first daughter and recently purchased it for my 2 youngest children 1 and 3 . It provides hours of amusement everyday , they love to pretend to make all kinds of dinner . The colors are great because little boys like to cook too , this is a great set colorwise because most are targeted to towards girls . Overall , a very durable toy , can be ran through the dishwasher top rack and there are no pieces that pose hazards . . great deal for a low price .
 I bought these with the Step 2 complete kitchen for my 20-month-old granddaughter . She loves them ! I bought them as a starter set , but it is such a nice collection that she does not need many other pieces for a long time . I have washed them in the top rack of my dishwasher , and they clean well . They are durable ; the plastic is sturdy and does not bend or twist . I will soon add a food collection for her , as the kitchen and the pots and pans are a favorite .
 I like the look of this place set - rather than the unrealistic multi colored ones . My daughter likes them . . plays with them all the time .
 We got these for our daughter to go along with her step2 play kitchen -LRB- not knowing they already came with the kitchen anyway -RRB- so now we have 2 sets and our daughter plays with them almost everyday
 I bought this set for my 2 yr old son . He loves it . It does have small holes in the cups , but I was n't going to let him put liquids in it anyway . Great set , good value .
 This set is made of good quality plastic . I love that there is pots and pans and dishes . My 2 year old is always bringing the cups over and `` pouring '' us more out of the pitcher . It is a great pretend play set !
 This is a very durable product and for the money came with many pieces of fun teaching them many hours of cooking fun ! The only problem I had was I wished it was more colorful . Grey and white are not that much fun to a child . They need more color to teach them colors and make it more fun . Other than that I would recommend this product for durability and great for the money . All safe pieces .
 We 've had these dishes about 4 years and they are still going strong . I have even run them through the dishwasher when it has been needed .
 This is very nice toy sets . My baby is fascinated by it . She just kept playing it by herself . It helps hand coordination as well .
 We first received this set almost 10 years ago . It is still in perfect shape after heavy use by both my daugher and her brother 5 years later . He 's still cooking with it now . We ordered it as a gift for another family ; their 4-year-old and 1-year-old boys are cooking up a storm !
 My 19 month old granddaughter loves playing with the pots and pans . They are very durable and just enough pieces for plenty of pretend playing . I know she will be entertaining with this set for a long time . Happy Grandma !
 Although I took the flatware away since my son is only 15 mo 's old -LRB- choking hazard -RRB- , he LOVES this set . It 's for 3yrs and up , but everything else is fine and safe for him . He loves putting tops on things , so this is perfect . I wish I had this when I was a little girl !
 I bought this kitchen set for my 2 yr old as he has great interest in cooking and is always in kitchen looking for my pots and pans . They are very durable and the high quality . But i gave 4 star for this product because it 's not colorful .
 We purchased this for our daughter 's first birthday , and she absolutely loves the set ! This keeps her busy for 30 minutes at a time , which is most helpful while trying to prepare a meal -LRB- and have her underneath my feet in the kitchen -RRB- . The tiny handles on the lids are too small for my hands , but perfect for her . These items are well made , and the only set I found for 18 months - the rest were three and up .
 My daughter loves this set ! She likes to copy Mom , Dad and Grandma in the kitchen . Now she gets her own set of pots , pans , utensils and plates . The set is made out of hard plastic so it will stand to the wear and tear of a toddler.It 's not as realistic as some of the other pots and pan sets out there . But since our daughter is still very young , plastic seems to be a better option than the metal sets out there . Safer for her and for our furniture .
 We bought this as a Christmas present for our now 23 month old to go along with her LifeStyle kitchen -LRB- which was also a Christmas present this past Christmas -RRB- We did n't know that the kitchen came with all of these items , but that 's okay , now she can ` entertain company ' since she has more plate , cups , etc ! They are very durable and she really enjoys bringing plates of food over to us and giving us ` supper ' . A nice addition to any childs kitchen !
 I looked and looked for some utensils to add to my son 's Step 2 kitchen and finally decided to just go with this set that will match the plates and bowls that he will already receive with this play kitchen . This utensil set is of good quality , hard plastic . I 'm sure they will survive through years of play . There was plastic that did n't separate properly between the tines of the sporks in the set , but I fixed that with scissors . There was only one other spot where a little bit of plastic did n't get cut off of the side of one plate . Other than that , this set is great . I love the cups , which are heavy and almost look like they are made of molded clay . The salt and pepper shakers are not flimsy at all like one reviewer stated . They do n't have a bottom to them , but I 'm sure that 's so that kids ca n't stick things into the little holes and get them stuck .
 I was so happy to find a set that was not pink with flowers and that was n't ultra-gourmet . This is a perfect simple set that lends itself well to pretend play . I love it with Melissa and Doug Food Groups .
 I purchased this set for a group of young toddlers -LRB- one-year olds -RRB- . Very durable and would be difficult for a child to injur him/herself . The children love to dump and fill with the deeper pieces and stir with the utensils.I would prefer a more ` real ' set with aluminum cookware , metal silverware , and glass plates for an older child , such as the child pictured with the description .
 my 20 month old -LRB- boy -RRB- loves the kitchen and the pots n ' pans . He has a whale of a time .
 This was my son 's birthday gift when he turned 1 last year and he loved it . I now have a seven month old who is already showing interest in it . It 's brightly colored and the dinosaur is a nice change of pace from the standard rocking horse . It 's so cute & looks great in their nursery . I paid a little more for this rocker at a high end department store but at least I did n't have to pay for shipping & handling . Highly recommend this sweet little dinosaur ... especially as a first b-day gift . A BIG hit !!
 My son loves the Dino Baby rocker ! He is 10 months and he loves the bright colors and the noise the tail makes when you rock . I would recommend this to others looking for a unique rocker !
 I got this dinosaur rocker for my 11-months old twins . When I first saw it online , I just fell in love with it . It is so adorable . It is bright and colorful . It appears to be well made . Its coat feels like fleece . I like that dinosaur 's tail is raised that prevents babies from sliding backwards . However , the handles are positioned quite low -LRB- or seat is high -RRB- , so my babies ' arms are stretched -LRB- and their feet do not reach mounting steps yet -RRB- . We also have Elmer Elephant rocker by Charm company and its seat is lower with higher handles . My babies look more comfortable on the elephant than on the dinosaur . I was a bit disappointed with the packaging of this dinosaur rocker . It was in the plastic bag and thin box -LRB- elephant arrived in two sturdy boxes -RRB- . Handles and the ends were protected but mounting steps were not . Ours arrived with damaged mounting step and the hole in the box . Overall , I am pleased with the dinosaur rocker but if I had to choose between two , I would choose the elephant .
 We got this for our son 's first birthday . He 's over 2 now and still LOVES it ! The dino is really colorful and cute . It 's also very durable and easy to spot clean .
 The i-Dog Chill Set keeps the little dog warm and looking so cute !
 Anyone that is a Yankees fan and has a baby this is a must have . We bought this for our son and he loved it . We put it in our daughters crib and she enjoyed it as well . Sweet lullaby . Only downfall on this product is it is wind up and doesnt play very long .
 These really add to the idogs appearence a lotVery cuteI was worried that they 'd cover some of the sensors and hurt the preformance of the idog but it was n't an issue
 It 's an okay toy if your child wants to dress up their I-Dogs . It 's not meant to be educational . There are plenty of other toys out there that children can learn with . This is just a cute novelty item .
 cute little outfit for the idog . but really for the price shouldnt you get more than one outfit ? alwell i guess im cheap . my daughter loves it though
 I have the pink one . It rocks . My idog is so cute in it . I love it .
 I purchased this item for our grand daughter . I not only pleased my grand daughter , but the seller made this an especially pleasant experience.i-Dog Chill Grey Set
 This is dominoes with a spin -- a wild card . Actually eleven wild cards and get fun ! Everyone who plays it gets addicted . And it is not a video game ! More than four people can play one game so it is versatile as well . Object is to get the least amount of points when the dominoes are all used . Thanks !
 What a fun game . A friend had purchased a set at a rummage sale , and I had been looking in our retail stores for a set , to of no avail . So it was with delight that I found it on your site . We have had lots of good times playing the game with friends , since then .
 I bought this for my father last year and now we play it everytime we get together . We took it on our cruise , and we played it at all the holiday get togethers . We played up to 6 people , and had a blast .
 I have had many hours of fun with friends and family playing this game . It is easy to learn and is suitable for many ages .
 Since I was introduced to this product through a friend some years ago , everyone I 've played the game with has purchased or received one . It brings families and friends together -LRB- away from the television -RRB- , is challenging , and causes people to revisit board games as a way of entertainment . I 've purchased many as gifts for family and friends that just `` had to have the game . '' If you like Dominoes at all , you 'll love Spinner ! It 's a real winner !
 About 10 years ago , we had an original version of this game , purchased directly from the inventor . Lost during a move , we researched the Web to locate a replacement . The game is GREAT . Moves fast and can be played by an all-ages group . The original game came with black and white dominoes , packaged in a wooden box . The colored tiles are much easier to follow and the metal box is very durable.Spinners gets an A + in our family .
 I purchased the spinners for a friend for her birthday . Her and her family love them . Everyone that plays them really like them . The shipping time on them was excellent . Was very happy with the purchase .
 This game is fast paced , has some strategy and most of all is fun for all ages.It will fast become a family tradition to play at get-togethers and after Sunday dinners at Granma 's house . Easy to learn and enjoyed by all ages . This game is hard to find in the store and is a sleeper that is past along by word-of-mouth . The quality is well worth the price , as the high quality tiles will not chip or fade -LRB- but can be lost -RRB- , and will last for a lifetime . Well worth the price .
 We bought this game for a gift and have had a lot of fun playing . Four players is fun , five to eight even more so .
 Even a bunch of seniors can play spinner dominoes and have lots of fun . Try it you 'll like it . Enjoy .
 Fun game . Easy to play with an interesting twist to regular dominoes . Game pieces are well made . Packed in a metal tin . Should last for some time to come .
 This is a great game . Lots of fun to pull out and play with company . I love playing this game with friends .
 The game was a big hit in Maine during the Summer 2011 . . Thru the Winter friends brought the game to NH and now it is the most popular game around here . Everyone that comes to the house gets asked to play ... and ends up wanting the game and the wooden racks that can be purchased here at Amazon.com also . Hard to find in local stores .
 Friends introduced us to these New Year 's Eve , and my husband told me we HAD to get a set . He does n't even play cards but loves these . The colored dots help to tell the numbers apart , and we like the size and weight of the tiles , although the new travel size would be good for small tables . And ours were less expensive than the set our friends ' have .
 I would n't consider this item to be a toy , it is a strategic game and makes you use your head :-RRB- Really enjoy the challenge of it and a nice change from card games . Would highly recommend it !! By the way , this was my first purchase on Amazon , it was very easy and certainly the way to go as I could n't find this item in any stores .
 Using a `` wild '' dominoe , makes this game interesting and a challenge . Lots of fun with several people . Great for two also . It is easy to learn so you can have everyone playing quickly . Packaged in a colorful tin . I was so pleased that it arrived in a speedy fashion . I recommend this game to anyone who wants a new way to play dominoes .
 Everyone who has played this game with us has wanted to know how to get one . This is the 4th purchase as a gift . It has become a favorite of family & friends .
 A truely fun game to play that requires some luck and some strategy . We shopped numerous malls and dozens of stores but could not find this game in stock anywhere before Christmas . Amazon was our final choice at a fair price .
 This game is great with younger kids , easy to learn , and can be played for 5 minutes or 50 . Each `` game '' consists of starting with a double domino and playing off that until someone runs out of dominoes . You can work through all the doubles in a sitting -LRB- that would take 50 + minutes with about 4 of you playing -RRB- or you can do a shorter set , say 3 doubles , and be done for a while , picking up the game later . You can play with only 2 people or with 7 , and it provides a relaxed atmosphere -LRB- not a super-competitive , strategy-required situation -RRB- . Great for young families , for playing with grandchildren -- seriously , ca n't praise it enough ! It was just what we were looking for to include every age in our family . And it 's set up that you do n't have to play it straight through if you do n't have time or get interrupted .
 This is a family friendly game for all ages . My whole family loves it ! My 3 yr old niece will sit and play -LRB- with help of course -RRB- along with my 60 yr old mother . We love this twist on the traditional dominoes game .
 This game is easy to learn and teach . You can begin playing it with people immediately . My five year old loves it and adults like it as well . We are on fairly even playing ground . I would highly recommend this as a staple game for your house .
 We play dominos with the grandkids , now 5 & 6 years of age , every weekend and it is improving their math skills and their ability to think critically . They enjoy this more than playing with their dolls .
 I was given the chance to play this game with others and since then purchased my own and as well sent a complete set with boards to a family member and will be also in the near future sending another set to my son and his fianceeGreat pasttime game lots of fun
 We purchased these dominoes for our friends in Virgina . We play spinners when they come to Maui to visit us . So we sent them a surprise so they can enjoy them while @ home .
 A friend introduced this game at a party we hosted , and within months , several of those attending - including us - purchased it . A fun , quick to learn , challenging but fun game to play with just a couple of folks or a larger gathering of several people . We 've played with teens to senior citizens in the same game and all had fun - even those who said , `` I do n't play games '' . I know you will enjoy it .
 We played this game with friends and loved it . It adds a new `` Spin '' to playing dominoes , which has always been a great game to play as a family and with friends .
 I love this game . Whenever i get together with my sisters we play this game -LRB- sometimes late into the night -RRB- I believe it to be educational too , matching up the numbers and colors.At the time i bought this game from Amazon i had n't been able to find it in several stores i had searched.Thank YouPat Fatula
 We love Spinner ! We first played it last year with my sister 's family when they came down for a visit . I decided I would get it for our family for Christmas this year ! Well , I could n't find it anywhere ! finally I found this site ! We love it and play it all the time ! Well worth the money !
 My shipment arrived quickly and in good shape . The game was hugely popular with my family .
 Spinners is a great game for a group . It is better than Mexican Train dominoes because you need less room on the table to play it and you can rotate people among tables as you are playing . Older kids and adults will enjoy it . Participants can carry on a conversation and play at the same time so it makes for a great mingling tool . While it is not too intense for conversation , it does encourage thought and strategy while playing -- a winning combination !
 We spend 6 months in the summer at a camp ground in NC and play Spinners on Tuesday nights ... we love it !
 My family loves this game ! My Aunt and Uncle got this for my parents , who introduced it to us , then we just had to get it ! :-RRB- It 's a fun way to keep the kids brains sharp and have a fun time ! I recommend this game highly !
 We love Spinner and play it all the time . Hours of fun and easy to learn .
 The spinner game offers a twist to conventional dominoes . The `` wild '' spinner adds interest to the game and requires a bit of strategy . Great for three or more players and a good way to bond with the family . Not just for old folks , my pre teen nieces love the game too !
 What I like about this game is that the children can play with the adultsand it is a way to have `` family time '' . Very similar to dominos , but alot more fun !
 This game is great for family get-togethers . My 8 year old learned it within minutes . I think my 5 year old could too . As few as two and as many as six people can play , more with add-on sets . If someone wants to stop , everyone else can keep playing . It is good for people of different ages and intellectual abilities , since it is mostly a game of chance . It requires little concentration . And yet it 's entertaining as well . Since I prefer games of strategy or knowledge , it would n't be my first choice in every situation , but over the holidays or for families with children of varying ages it was perfect . We played Blocko as well , which is a fun game and easy to learn , but some family members do n't take competition all that well , so it caused a little too much tension . We abandoned it in favor of Spinner , and everyone was happy after that . I liked it well enough to buy my own set .
 This is the coolest game . My neighbors got me hooked on this game this summer . I bought a game and got friends at work hooked on it ! I even had a Spinner Potluck Get Together and we had a blast ! This is the most fun , relaxing game to own . Kids will love it ! My neighbors are 6 , 7 , and 12 and they LOVE playing this game ! I take it with me when I visit family so I can teach everyone and play on my trips ! It is a worthwhile investment !
 We live in Alaska and really wanted two of these games to pass on to our married daughters since it has been a holiday tradition to play . We found them for purchase on Amazon but were displeased at the cost to ship to Alaska . Although we are part of the US and USPS ships for a reasonable price , we were n't given that option and paid at least double what it could have been . UPS and FedEx rip off those of us in Alaska while USPS treats us just like everybody in the Lower-48 . Give us a USPS option !
 Played this game at a friends house . Her mother bought it almost 20 years ago . I was able to find it on Amazon.com and bought it for my grandchildren . Even the 4 year old can play it with help . Great family game .
 Spinners is SOO much fun ! You do have to strategize a little in this game if you want to win , but the more players , the more fun it is !
 I would no way consider this game a `` TOY '' There are no kids in my house ... we play this with our other adult friends . It 's not a very well known game , but its our favorite . My friend turned us on to it and it has been our favorite since . We already have one , we ordered this one for a Christmas gift for a friend who also now loves it .
 This is a twist on Dominoes , sure to bring fun for all ages . It is a fast game with lots of action .
 We ordered this product , 2 of them , on Thanksgiving Day for my grandmother and mom . They arrived in a timely manner and made wonderful Christmas gifts for them . Thank you for great service .
 This is a great game for the family . It is easy to learn , encourages social interaction and utilizes/teaches math and strategy skills . And , guess what ?? It 's fun too !!
 We love to play this game with 2 players or especially with 4 players . It makes for a fun social time since the players are able to visit while playing since the difficulty level is not great .
 This is such a fun game to play with family and friends . We play just about every night . I have bought several extra games , as I think they will be great Christmas gifts this year ... easy to wrap , too .
 This is a great family domino game . The spinners are a classic touch and make the game more fun because they are like having a wild card in a card game .
 My family was one of the original players/owners of this game when it was created . It is a staple at family gatherings !!! A favorite among members of all ages from 5 to 105 . The new manufacturers added a few new games and rules but we always play the original spinners which is very similar to standard dominoes with the twist of wild cards called spinners . If a double is laid down the next three plays -LRB- not turns but plays -RRB- has to be off of the double . It really puts a twist on any strategy and surely adds a component of luck to the game . All my friends always love this game and a few have even bought it for themselves . Highly recommended !
 I have played Spinner before and I bought this for my future in-laws so they could play it too . It is a very fun Texas domino game . I highly recommend !
 You have to read the rules carefully , maybe more than once ; but it 's fun for a family evening or with friends .
 I choose the rating in that the game is not a long process game . Number of players that can play at one time . Ease of learning the game , not to mention it really is a fun game for all ages .
 Fun , challenging!Great family game!From 6 to 82 yr old play this game at our house.All ages can play . It can be addictive !!!
 Have played this game for years and finally have our own set . Compared to older versions this one is lacking in being able to see the distinction with the different colors , the colors should be more vibrant . The score card is TO SMALL ! Need more room for calculation of the score . So we will continue a score sheet that we created . Overall , a fun way to spend time with family and friends .
 This is a fun dominos game . It moves along much faster that regular dominos . There is a little strategy , but mostly luck of the draw .
 Spinners has proven to be a great game for our family ages 6-80 . Everyone enjoys playing so when we have family functions , we have to take turns at sitting in on a game . My Husband and I play it by ourselves , when nothing worth watching on TV . Keeps the old minds alert and teaches the younger ones to concentrate on the game .
 Fun family game for all ages . Virtually unbreakable , children can count the dots and match up for the game . Keep track of how many points each person is getting .
 A friend introduced us to this game when we were camping . It is a take-off of Mexican train , but it moves much quicker . We love to play games , and this one is a WINNER !
 Played this game with friends and had to have it . Pace is quick , results unpredictable . Everyone can play . Great game for the whole family .
 The game SPINNER is so much fun and so easy to learn to play . We liked it so much that we did n't get home until 2:00 am after Thanksgiving because we just had to play one more game with the family.The game tiles are very nice and they come in a nice , well fitted metal box.This will be a favorite game from this time on .
 Fun to play and very durable . Great for people of all ages . Makes a nice gift .
 I am a senior citizen so are all my friends . We go camping often and spinner is what we play , it keeps your mind working , plus its lods of fun .
 Product is great intertainment and can be played by ages 5 to 80 years of age . Helpful for youn children understand the meanings on the dominos .
 We have domino night at lest once a month and we really have a great time . This game is alot fun for all ages .
 My family and I have been playing Spinner for some years now . Almost all of my friends have one . It brings the family together and gets them out of the television for a while . It 's easy to learn and loads of fun . Strategy is involved although it may sometimes backfire , but all in fun . If you do n't have one , buy it . I 've purchased several as gifts .
 We play this game at a cabin of our friends and it is so much fun I can not tell you . Everyone that has played it wants one and that is why I ordered mine . It is such a great hit with all ages ! Make your next get together a fun filled evening with one of these Spinner Games .
 Our extended family enjoys playing this game very much . Everyone from grandmas in their 70s to kids ages 8 and up has fun . The game moves along quickly and can be played on a table or the floor .
 This is a fun game to enjoy with the family or friends . You can be involved in easy conversation and play at the same time .
 The dominoes game `` Spinner '' has been the hit of the summer with our whole family - great with all ages together , from 6 year old grandson to Gramma . Much fun - The more people the merrier !
 My wife and I first came across Spinner dominos during a visit to a friends house . We liked it so much that we just HAD to have it to play with other friends . There seemed to be a shortage of availability , so when we found it at below the normal retail price , we immediately bought it . Glad we did !!!
 My grandsons love this game . We play games whenever they visit and they ask to play &#34; the domino game . &#34; Good choice for adults and children . Play with adults for laughs and fun
 My family and I love Dominoes ' games . We play Mexican train often and I was looking for a change . This one is challenging yet a bit easier for my youngest -LRB- who is 10 -RRB- to play ! I like how we are all playing off the same board so things are always changing ! We have to shift our thought process and strategy
 The game of Spinner is a great for adults . We have game day once a week and play Spinner every other week.KME
 I purchased this after playing at a friends house . It is the type of game that all ages can enjoy . We play wtih our grandchildren whose ages range from 7 to 15 . All of us enjoy playing and it is very easy to put away . It comes in a nice storage box and the score pad is included . I highly reccomend this game .
 It came nice packaged . The actual box was neat and ready to be wrapped . The game came with directions . All of the pieces were there .
 My wife and I were visiting cousins when we were introduced to Spinners . It took a short time to learn the rules and a little strategy and from there we enjoyed over an hour of fun and converstion . No movies , no TV , just enjoying people . We now have our own game and will use it often when we entertain . Fun !
 Learned this game august 2012 while staying with my sister in Colorado . My husband really enjoyed it and was purchased as a Christmas gift for him . Recently taught the game to family and it 's a hit . We had so many wanting to play we had teams of 2 so more could play and learn.This is a great family night game , easily learned and opened to almost all ages . My four year old grandson helped me play and it helped him with counting and matching colors and patterns . I highly recommend .
 Excellent game with just added extras to make it more exciting and think a little more . Also great for extra people to play
 In our last Senior Saints meeting , someone brought Spinner Dominoes . It is a fun version of an old favorite game . In `` spinner '' -LRB- the red wheel spinner -RRB- on some of the dominoes becomes a wild card that plays on any other number . If you are caught at the end of the round with spinner dominoes in your hand , the spinners cost 10 points for each of them you have . The double spinner dominoe would be 20 points , and the highest penalty in a double nine set to get caught holding onto . You would not have to buy a spinner set , as you could just declare that blanks are wild card numbers and weight them at 10 points . But the actual spinner dominoes include blanks as well , and we think the original spinner dominoes add to the fun of the game .
 This game is so much fun . We always play it around the holidays when the whole family 's together ... everybody really enjoys it , adults , teens and tweens . the price was right , shipping was fast . I highly recommend it .
 For our family , this is a good , easy game that everyone can play . Our players age range from 10 years to 80 . And the game is uncomplicated enough to allow for lots of fun conversation to flow during play .
 This game is great and can be played by 2 or 20 . Easy to learn but never boring . Fun for children as well as adults . Not many games can make that claim .
 Spinner is fun for both adults and children to play . It involves some strategy and lots of luck . It also tests your visual acuity and your ability to add , if you happen to get stuck with a lot of dominoes at the end of the round . If you enjoy dominoes and Mexican Train , you 'll most likely enjoy playing Spinner , too !
 the game was great family fun for vacation . I like to play games when friends come over . This is simple ; yet strategy makes it more fun . Anyone , any age can play.Amazon purchase went well and in good time . < ... >
 We looked all over for a new family night game , and this one won out . It rocks ! Great basic domino fun , with a twist ! No problem for the kids picking it up -LRB- 6 & 9 at the time -RRB- ...
 This is a great game ! I was introduced to it by a friend a couple years ago . It 's great for groups of friends or as part of family game night . While it is very similar to traditional dominoes , it adds new rules making it a bit more challenging . It 's easy to learn too and good for people of all ages . For added educational value have the kids keep score !
 If you are bored with regular or train dominoes this is the game for you ! GREAT game that is easy to learn and adds a lot of twists to old fashioned dominoes.Makes it a lot more fun to play if you play with those dang people who are number counters !!!! Evens out the playing field for those of us who are not so gifted in math !!
 Having tried this game with another group we decided it was ideal for our grandchildren to enjoy . They learned quickly and became skilled in playing the game in the mixture of parents , grandparents and cousins . A great choice for families
 I was recently on a school trip to Washington DC and when the kids were doing their leadership meetings , the adults left behind would get together and play Spinners ! It was great fun and I had to have one for my family when I returned home !
 Spinner Dominoes was a great hit at our family get-together . The product is well made and easy to use .
 Lots of fun and you can take it with you on trips for that evening in the motel when you do n't want to watch tv .
 This is a fun simple game to play with the whole family.It is compact so we take it on camping trips , etc. .
 I was hooked on this game the first time I played it . Since then I have all my friends and family play it as well . At first people are reluctant to play this game because they think it will be hard or boring . After one game , they are having super fun . Everyone who has ever played it with me loves it and it makes a perfect gift .
 This game is fun for all ages and entertains for short periods or hours . Money well spent !
 I 've had Spinners for years and my original set was responsible for the sale of this game of at least four other sets to friends . It 's easy to learn and everyone from my nine year old to adults love the interaction , fun , and fellowship this game promotes . Enjoy a great game with this one !
 This is fun for family and friends . It does n't take that long to play , and everyone has a good time .
 I ordered this game for my husband for christmas -LRB- 08 -RRB- at the last minute . It arrived promptly and packaged very well . He opened it and we have been playing it ever since . It was a great experience buying this .
 Spinner is somewhat simular to Mexican Chickenfoot . However , it is different enough to be it 's own unique game . One person who played the game with us at our home hates cards and most games -- however , he loves Spinner . My wife and I recommend it as an excellent game for all ages from about 6 through 106 . Lots of surprises throughout each round and lots of laughs .
 Friends introduced us to Spinner Dominoes . After that first exposure to this game we were hooked . After searching at all the big-name stores and not being able to find Spinner Dominoes at any of the most likely places we checked with Amazon and found them priced lower than at the websites of brick and mortar retail outlets . So , we placed our order and received them in 5 days earlier than expected . Hardly a day goes by that we do n't play Spinner Dominoes . We love this game !
 I played the travel version this fall with friends & I knew I just had to order one ! It is so much FUN !!! And my 9 year old grand daughter loved playing it also . Great game !!
 This is a new way to play domino , you can play with two or more . The game moves fast and keep you on your toes for the next move .
 If you play dominoes & have never played Spinner Dominoes it 's a definite must that you try it . You wo n't go back to playing the regular dominoes game again . It 's played similar to the regular dominoes game , but the spinners are used as wild cards & you branch out with your dominoes from playing the doubles . It 's great fun and you can get caught with a lot more points in your hand . We love it ! Recommend it to everyone .
 Easy to play , fun to gather everyone . And , if a piece goes missing , they can be replaced for a small cost .
 It only about two days to get the game and can not buy them in many stores , also it was on sale .
 We like this game better than Mexican train as it goes much faster ! It is simple to learn and very entertaining !
 For devoted dominos players this is a fun deviation . Owned it ourselves and played it with friends . Bought this copy for the friends so we could play it at their house also .
 Exactly what I was expecting . Enjoyed playing the game with family over the holidays . The game was lots fo fund .
 Played tis with our yin-laws and had a blast so I looked around to buy it . Could n't fin it in stores so I ordered it ion-line . Great game and lots of fun for the family .
 Was introduced to it by frends . Lots of fun . Can play with as few as 2 people . Challenging and keeps you occupied for as long as you want . Every time is different .
 I was happy to be able to find the Domino Spinner game on Amazon.com and it was a great price and free shipping !
 This game is good for groups , it is easy to understand and is fun to play for hours ! BUYBUYBUY ! One time my family and I play for 7 hours !
 This is fun . And a game can be played more quickly than Mexican Train or Chicken Foot . Would recommend it . In fact , we are taking it on vacation with us .
 This game captivates anyone who plays it once . We have a group that plays it at least once a month at our social events , as well as with the family .
 Spinner is a fast , easy , and fun domino game . As we introduce it to friends , many have asked where to get it . We point them to Amazon as a source , as well as Camping World . We have now purchased a total of 5 of these games and have given them as gifts !
 My family has played Spinner for many years and we love the game . We bought this game for my sister-in-law 's birthday , who also loves to play whenever she is visiting . Her version did not come with racks to hold the dominoes while the game is played . The racks make it so much easier to view your dominoes and should be included as part of the game .
 This game has nice , solid dominoes made like `` in the olden days '' , -LRB- pseudo ivory-like -RRB- , and comes in a square metal box for easy storage.At different times we played this game with children from 5 to 17 and adults , as well . Everyone had fun and the youngest , who is just learning numbers , needed to count the dots , but soon learned the design that represented each number and was able to enjoy the game and keep up with everyone.The rules can be simple -LRB- which we played -RRB- or more complex , as there are directions for several versions . I believe the game is well made and fun for groups of children & adults of varioius ages and abilities . I saw a version with numbers rather than the `` dots '' , but we chose the right one for us.The game also includes a score pad , which was n't noted , and I purchased another that is n't needed -LRB- yet -RRB- . A great , simple to learn game that we all enjoy , and is educational as well .
 The game of Spinner is a great game to take to the lake . Even on a nice but slightly windy day , this game works great on a patio or picnic table , because it will not blow away , and yet provides plenty of entertainment from young children to senior citizens.It 's a great family game .
 Spinners is easy to learn and fun to play ! It only takes a few minutes to learn this game and you are off an running . I played this game at a friend 's house and after that I had to get a copy . It is a great game to play with family and friends .
 This game has brought the family together around the table for fun and fellowship . That alone makes it priceless . It is also a great game for grown ups at parties as entertainment and to help newcomers feel included .
 I bought this for my daughter 's i-Dog and she loves it . The only issue I had was the cost of shipping . It was almost half the cost of the actual outfit -LRB- ... -RRB- . I would n't recommend this product for children under 8 , the little pieces can get lost easily .
 Well , i already have the green chill set for my black idog -LRB- bob -RRB- . And the green works perfectly !!!! And i am planning to buy the blue one ! And i will be able to mix and match the blue with green chill set ! So buy this product to keep ur poochie smiling !!!!!!
 I am 22 years old and I 've been a fan of Tails since my childhood . I like this figure a lot , it is a very good figure of Tails that is an all but perfect figure of him . There are small issues though that you 'll probably only notice if you 're a die-hard fan of him or the Sonic series . The two problems are that they forgot to color the wrist and ankle cuffs silver , and there are little black lines in his eyes for some reason which you can probably see in the picture if you look close enough . These two issues I do n't mind , but there is also another issue that you might find annoying , and that is the five screw holes that are in him . He has two in the back of his head , one in his back , and two on the back of his tails.Since I am an adult , I do n't do much more then display my figures and pick them up every once in awhile , but I would n't recommend this figure for a young child . The arms and legs do n't seem like they could take a lot of abuse , especially if your child is a fan of imagination play that involves clashing toys together or possibly even play-walking . Of the seven Tails figures I own , this one is my second favorite , only being beaten by the old ReSaurus figure released back in 1999 . If you 're a fan of the Sonic series or Tails , I highly recommend getting it .
 These are much more durable than I expected them to be . Fun to play with for my son and myself . Great accompanyment to Hand , Hand , Fingers , Thumb!The base is heavy wood so if dropped on a foot it would really hurt .
 these are very pretty and sturdy . Our 10 month old finds them to be a bit heavy , but i think as he gets older he will enjoy them more . UPDATE
 Purchased this for my two year old nephew and he loves it , however , it 's not the best quality . But what can you expect for the price ? They 're inexpensive . The middle connection is loose after about 3 months , but it 's still very functional . They do n't sound the greatest , so if you 're expecting anything other than a children 's toy , spend a little bit more money.Keep out of reach of dogs though . Many will lick and chew the leather/rawhide drum tops and ruin them .
 I bought these for my daughter , who 's 2 , and loves to drum on things . I immediately noticed that they barely had any sound to them when played while sitting flat on the floor . Also , about 2 days later , one of the drum skins was torn and I was unable to repair it . My daughter still plays the one side that works , though . For me , that 's okay considering that they were n't very expensive , and with a 2 year old , I was n't expecting them to last long anyway
 Got these as a gift for a 7 year old boy and he absolutely loves them ! They sound great and are very durable .
 This ` fashion pack ' is actually just both sets of the Fairytopia extra outfits bundled together . You save a few bucks by buying them as a bundle , which is nice . I have n't opened the packages yet - but I have looked at the outfits up close and they are very nice looking . I doubt I 'll be changing around the costumes on my Fairytopia dolls - but perhaps I could use these on other `` belly button '' style Barbies to make new fairies ? Or , just keep them in the package for 20 years and see if they draw any interest to collectors -LRB- j/k ... I usually open & play with my dolls ! -RRB- . If you can get the set for under $ 15 , I 'd say go for it . Anything more than that , unless you REALLY LOVE Fairies , save your money . Personally , I love the outfits . : DI hope you found this review somewhat helpful > ^ . . ^ <
 this toy is so cute me and my sister are beging for one . thay like just rock how cood enybody say thay are ugly . by liz holt
 this is by far the best rc car ever it is extreamly fast it will go over 20 mph easily even on rough pavement . It even goes faster than some hobby cars that cost $ 100 to $ 200 more . I am 23 and own many rc vehicles this car is worth every penny . The only problem i had with this car is when I got it it did n't come with a second rear wheel bearing it only came with one so I called Nikko and they sent me one free of charge .
 This thing is a blast ! I am 26 years old and i love it . It goes 23mph out of the box ! Be careful through the turns or it will spin out due the the power . If thats not fast enough for you then you can upgrade to the sprint motor and go a full 27mph ! I tell you this thing will not dissapoint . A word to the wise ... buy extra batteries , but get the Nicd kind NOT the Nimh . Nicd batteries draw full power immediately just dont last as long as Nimh . I use Nicd just for the fact they give you top speed ! And the difference in run time is really only a couple minutes . I use mine at a tennis court for awesome traction and speed ! Buy this car .
 I got one of these with the sprint motor - that took about an hour to install , being very careful - it runs great ! I look forward to weekends and the empty parking lot across the street - I 'm 40 ! I very much reccomend this car !
 you probably dont even know how to charge a car whoever typed in that this car goes only 5 miles per hour you prabably work for a cheapo toy company this is a great toy and its is very durable and fast and i also have the dodge viper -LRB- nikko -RRB- and it too is a very fst car and i also recomend getting it and the car probably wouldnt break going five mile per hour .
 This rc is worth for every penny that you 'll spend . It is very fast and it is very fun . It is very durable , I crashed it twice to a parking block on its top speed and it 's still working fine and the damage it 's almost unnoticeable . But the downside of this rc is you have to charge it for 4 hours and only have about 15-20 minutes to play with it . Buy an extra battery would help . Fast shipping by Amazon , I ordered on Sunday and received it on Thursday . Good job Amazon !! I love this rc and for me it 's worth for every penny that I spent .
 the car handles good and if you hit something it does not damage the car .
 My mom ordered this for me a couple months ago . It 's really Cute and I love to play with it ! It comes with a cute yellow kitten with a little white in it too , and it has purple eyes , and it comes with a brown beagle with black ears , freckles around it 's nose , and green eyes . It also comes with a cute purple and green swing , and you can take out the actual swing and can use it as a chair ! This is a old LPS too , so you ca n't get it in stores anymore . It 's really cute and I would recommend this LPS toy for a girl who loves animals !
 I have a collection of action figures including various Batmen . This is perfect , lacking the sinister modern day aspects , with bright blue contrasting the grey , I actually have used the included rope/grapple gun to have this figure simulating swinging across a wall .
 Colorforms have always been a favorite . I bought this for my grandkids to keep in the van when they go on `` road trips '' with mom & dad . It keeps them occupied for hours . The story board is a coated cardboard and is small enough to have on a lap and stick and peel the vinyl cut outs on . Some pieces are a bit tiny for kids 3 years of age . This is better with 4 + age group . It comes in a heavy duty vinyl resealable pouch with handle . They come in different story lines and characters . My grandkids love Sponge Bob , so that was my choice .
 This Robin action figure from `` The New Batman Adventures '' animated television series of the mid-1990 's is a perfect rendition of the young Robin shown with Batman . The size , shape , coloring , and design is a dead ringer for the show design . Looks great on a dsiplay shelf or to play with .
 These are perfect , well made and my daughter LOVES them ! They have held up with lots of use and look like shoes my daughter wears so this makes it fun to dress her dolls in style .
 Delivered promptly and packaged well . Good quality cards and have stayed in great shape over months of very frequent playing .
 I have ordered several types of playing cards as we play a lot of Bridge . And they do not last forever . These are not poker cards which are slightly bigger , but meant for card games where you have to hold several cards in your hand at one time - like Gin or Bridge . There is nothing more gross than dirty edged cards that are worn and tattered ... especially during cold & flu season . I like these better than some that I have ordered at twice the price -LRB- like the plastic , washable ones -RRB- . These are just thick enough that they do n't slip out of your hands or bend too much . And they do not slide off the table when you are trying to deal . I order these by the boxed sets and give them as a hostess gift when invited for dinner -LRB- and/or cards -RRB- if I know the folks are card players . I get the ones that are not boxed for myself , because they usually go into duplicate boards and I do n't need the plastic boxes . My bridge club has used these for years and they do get a lot of use . So , for the money , they are not a great deal , but a good one ; and you do get what you pay for .
 The playing cards were sent on time and were just as I expected.Thnak you --
 It 's too cute and our 3-year old daughter just loves it.It fits your hand and you can make lots of funny moves with it . We love making it scratch its ear with its rear paw : - -RRB-
 These puppets are so helpful for therapy sessions with young children . Oddly , the Asian family puppets and Hispanic family puppets are very similar in appearance , so they might consider more distinction in the future?But overall , so happy to have them in my teachers toolbox .
 I have a boy and a girl -LRB- 2 1/2 yr old twins -RRB- . I used these hand puppets to get them ready for me being gone for a couple of days to get an operation done . The hand puppets were a fun way to `` show '' them what they could expect in the next couple of weeks , i.e. , Mommy will be going to a hospital so wo n't be home for a couple of days . Daddy will be home to take care of you . If you miss Mommy , you could always go to the puppet Mommy and tell her you miss her . She will let you know that your real Mommy misses you too and will be home soon . The twins took turns sleeping with the puppet Mommy and Daddy & would pretend feed the puppet boy & girl . We use these puppets to put on shows for the twins & teach them about sharing , etc. . The only 2 things I do not like about these hand puppets
 I 'm so pleased with this puppet set :o-RRB- . It really made the kids very happy !
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 Our family owns at least 5 different footballs -LRB- including other Nerf footballs -RRB- but this one is our favorite . It delivers a nice spiral and the weight is perfect for adults and kids alike . My boys are five and seven and both can heft this ball . They also are n't afraid to catch it because it 's soft enough not to hurt .
 This Nerf is a giant leap forward for spongy footballs . It is a little heavier than the Nerfs of the past and thus flies much farther with tighter spiral . The black rubber that surrounds the ball makes it much more durable and provides four good seams to grip . All of these improvements yet it remains soft enough that taking one to the nose wo n't deter the little ones . We got one for my 6-year old and another for my 8-year old nephew .
 Great product for adults and kids . It 's the classic Nerf football , but with an exo-skin and hard exterior that can even handle landing on concrete or asfault . It weighs more than the original nerf , but that just lets you throw it into the wind . This is my second one , after the first split at the seam after 2 years of use . Definitely worth the money .
 I love this football!It is the best football ever.You can throw it very far and is very sorf so is ca n`t hurt you!You should buy it and it is a very low price !
 This ball is a lot of fun . Its light so you can really heave it , but not too light where the slightest wind will destroy your spirals . I do recommend it . However , after a couple months use , it split open at the seam ! Kind of a bummer since it was only a couple months , and it was only used for tossing around , not tackling or anything . Well , a little super glue fixed it right up , and we 're back to having a great time . Just be weary of the weak adhesive they used on this ball .
 You can throw this ball a mile . Smaller ball with just the right amount of weight outdistances a normal -LRB- NFL size -RRB- football by a good 20 yards . My 12 year old and I have a great time with this ball . I can usually snag a catch with one hand due to the soft , grippy surface . Not your 1st generation nerf ball , that 's for sure !
 I 've gone through three of these over about 4 years but we love them so much we keep buying them.They are a great throwing ball and easy to catch . My kids love them to make `` diving '' catches . Great for the price !!
 wow , i have had two of these footballs over a long period of time and they are fantastic ! It throws a great spiral and is very easy to catch . One tiny little thing is that it does n't really work great in the rain . When it 's wet it hurts a lot more to catch it . But that is n't important in the long run . It 's a good choice for a family because it 's not too big for kids and not too small for adults . Definetly a good buy !
 The ball has an awsome grip and it is all weather . Due you get the point ? It can be played indoors or at the beach ; just abut anywhere.I tried squeezing the ball while packing it but it bloats right back to its original shape . Which is amazing coz it means that I will most probably never have to force air into it.The ball is does n't hurt much when you miss a direct throw and yet the exterior is amazingly tough.Its super fun both indoors and outdoors.No negatives on this yet : -RRB-
 My 9 year old son went to a birthday party and the birthday boy was getting this for a gift . As soon as my son got home from the party he had to get him one . We look all over our town and could not find the Weather Blitz . He was so suprised to find it under the tree for Christmas . He loves it and can throw it really far . It 's a little smaller that a regular size football , so it fits perfect in his hands . I would recommend it for anyone looking for football that is not to hard , but they do n't want to orginal nerf football .
 My two grandsons -LRB- 9 & 13 -RRB- love this . It works real well outdoors too where they prefer to throw it .
 This is much better than the real foamy -LRB- like the poof -RRB- footballs that nerf used to make when I was growing up . You can really wing this one and throwing spirals is incredibly easy with the seam grips -LRB- black -RRB- . Definitely more rugged than the old foamy nerfs as well and doesnt seem to absorb water and become heavy like the older foamy nerfs .
 Santa brought this guy last year and it certainly can take a beating ! What was a bunch of fun for the boys was to run outside with it and play in the snow ! The all-weather feature keeps it from slipping so easily out of their hands , enabling them to throw tight spirals in any sort of weather Particularly helpful up here in the North ! Sure opened up a whole new arena for snow play too . Great for knocking down forts , playing NFL plays , diving into snowbanks , it just goes on and on , and on . . All that to say , you HAVE to get your boys one of these things - you 'll be the champion gifter if you do because boys of all ages just love this thing . Highly recommend !
 Excellent . My son is 11 and he loves it . It 's easy to grip . I recommend it very highly .
 Boy , we 've had a lot of fun with this football this winter . It 's great for playing in the snow - does n't soak up water like old Nerfs used to . The grips make it super-easy to hold and throw , both for the kids and for adults of both sexes in the family ! Recommended .
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 This product arrived very fast in new condition as described online . Very durable and good quality , you can do many tricks with . I recommend this brand .
 I bought this for my 6 year old nephew for Christmas . He really likes the game Trouble , and now loves this game , too ! It took him a few turns to figure it out , but he got a hang of it and beat me.The board is a little wobbly , it does n't rest directly on the surface of the table , they have you put on these three disks which make the board seem a bit flimsy , especially since you have to pop the number bubble ... But , it 's definitely a fun , good family game !
 I had this game when I was a kid . For some reason , `` Trouble '' is a fairly easy game to find , but `` Headache '' is not so easy to find . They are similar in nature , but different . In Headache , you `` capture '' your oponent 's pieces by landing on them and incorporating them into your stack -LRB- with your piece on top -RRB- . The game is over when someone has managed to land on all of their oponent 's pieces . It 's fun . I liked it as a kid and my kids like it too . It 's a good game to buy for friends too because it 's not likely one of the games that they already have in their game closet -LRB- yay -RRB- .
 THIS IS ANOTHER GAME FROM MY CHILDHOOD THAT WILL BE A BLAST AT MY FAMILIESCHRISTMAS . REMEMBERING THE GOOD OLD DAYS FOR MY SIBLINGS AND SOME NEW FUNFOR THE LITTLE ONES .
 Fun for the whole family . It is like trouble but never ending until someone wins . We love trouble so thought this would be just as fun .
 Our family has virtually every board game ever created -- but I had not even heard of this game -LRB- my wife , who played it as a child -RRB- bought it for my 8 and 10 year old . In reading the instructions , it looked incredibly simple and I thought it would be boring , but I was wrong!While the concept is simple , the game is actually a lot of fun . The gist of it is you move pieces around the board based on the pop-o-matic die result -LRB- and which kids do n't love the pop-o-matic -RRB- . ;--RRB- Once you land on another players piece , you can then move backward or forward , either trying to obtain more players pieces , or moving away so another player does n't land on your piece.A game with four people takes about 15 minutes , so it 's not an intensely strategic game . However , if you are wanting to play multiple games in rapid succession , definitely add this to your library of games . I did notice the asking price on here is $ 34.99 , but you can easily purchase this for $ 19.99 if you look around .
 It so aaawwwwsssssooommmmmmmmme ! i totaly recommend it ! it like the funnest game i ever played seriosly u should so get !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Any one who doesnt just luv it is out of their minds ! trust me ... u should get it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I gave this globe to my daughter for Christmas . She loves it . She is 16 years old and I did n't really think it would be her favorite gift but it is .
 GREAT GLOBE ! This item took what seemed forever to arrive - ballpark , I waited about 2 weeks . After I received a notification from Amazon stating the time frame for receiving this product , I reached out directly to the company who was very quick to respond and remained very responsive throughout the shipping process . So well worth the wait as it is a beautiful globe . Perfect for desk or home decor . I bought it as a gift for my girlfriend - when it arrived , it was a little stiff to turn , but as the she looked at the globe and turned it for a few days , the globe loosened up and now spins freely . I think this is pretty typical of globes . If you are looking at this globe as a gift for someone , I just recommend you give yourself a little time for arrival . Again , fantastic globe and a piece that will remain a staple in our home .
 The Road and Rail Zip bin made me as happy as it did my two boys . When zipped up into a bin it can hold an amazing amount of trains and track , literally an entire floor full !!! It was the perfect solution to my little train lovers clutter . What really makes it a spectacular deal is that the detail on the play mat is better than most train play mats I 've seen , but for a better price you also get fantastic storage . It is good for both cars and trains .
 My nephew is three and this is the handiest bin/toy ever ! It is so convenient and accessible . He loves clean up time because he 's playing with the same thing ! Great job on this !!!
 I purchased this for my 5 year old three months ago after the Shark Attack megarig was such a hit . Overall the megarig line of toys are entertaining and creative . My son loves his legos so this toy , which he pretty much puts together like so , has become one of his favorite quiet time activities . The fun of it is that there are so many creative ways of putting the toy together that everyday he can make a different looking one . Just last week we got him the firetruck megarig for valentine 's and he loves that one too . All the megarigs are interchangeable , so all the pieces fit onto each other . The pieces are sturdy and take a beating , this construction megarig has a wrecking ball with sound effects . My older nephews seem to enjoy the line of toys as well , so it 'll grow with your child .
 My 3 year old son got this for his 3rd birthday . He loves playing `` demolition site . '' This toy can be configured to make many different vehicles . He can take it apart and put the pieces together . It has been good for his creative skills to come up with different vehicles . The smashing sound of the wrecking ball is not too loud or obnoxious.The best things about this toy are that it is extremely durable and it encourages creative play.It can be used with other Mega Rig sets also . I can imagine that the creative possibilities will more than double with 2 second Mega Rig .
 I bought this for my 3 year old 's birthday gift even though the manufacturer 's age is 4 -LRB- I think -RRB- . He has had no problem assembling it once he was shown how . It is like have many toys in one since you can assemble it into several construction trucks or one giant one as in the picture . He begged for a wrecking ball from Santa and this was all I could find for sale and it 's far exceeded our expectations as far as a toy goes . Great for any kid who loves to build and loves construction . The fact that the ball even makes the crashing sound is perfect too .
 Lots of fun for my truck obsessed 2 year -LRB- almost -RRB- grandson . He loved the ` wrecking ' sound .
 My 6 year old really loves this . He plays with it often and spends a lot of time putting it together in different ways . If you like toys that spark creativity without lots of annoying lights and sounds , this is great . The construction rig only makes noise when you play with the wrecking ball.The Mega Rig toys are nice because they can all be used together if you want . My son also likes the fire truck and shark ship .
 My 7 year old got this toy with his Christmas money . He already has the Squid sub and the Shark Adventure ship . He really likes those and so far has enjoyed the construction one as well . He complains that when the crane is made into a tower it is n't stable , top heavy . Having the other toys makes this one even more fun because the ship set came with claw that he adds to the crane instead of the wrecking ball and likes to build and move things with that . He has enjoyed it as much or more than lots of other toys he has had .
 The wrecking ball quit making the wrecking noise after 1 day -LRB- not a bad thing for the adults in the house -RRB- , but other than that we have no problems with it . My 3.5 year old son loves it . It 's a little difficult to snap the parts together so a parent may need to lend a helping hand .
 I 've only had these gloves for about 2 weeks . SO far so good . The only flaw is the stitching on the thumb . It cuts into your thumb knuckle and it gets kind of annoying . Thats just me though .
 Mizuno Techfire Batting GlovesThese are the best batting gloves I 've ever had !!! They 've got the hottest colors I 've ever seen -LRB- navy and black is the best -RRB- They had amazing grip and you wont feel a thing when you hit a baseball or softball no more annoying vibrations from the bat ever again !!!!!!!
 Very good product at a decent price . Had a pair last year and they ripped and could not find in a store . Very glad I found them on here .
 These gloves are great and a great price as well . I 'd have to agree with mad scientist that it 's weird having the velcro on the bottom of your wrist , but my only complaint with that is when pulling them on it 's easy to be `` caught '' by the velcro with the mesh . Definite recommendation !
 It 's a cool and comfortable glove . The only thing not so perfect is lacking of the inside shock absorbing pad .
 I bought these gloves about a month ago , and I 've been very happy with them . I use them in my softball league , and they 've prevented the blisters I was previously developing.One thing I did n't expect was that the velcro is on the under-side of the wrist -LRB- the palm-side -RRB- . A very minor complaint is that the glove leaves a light residue running from my wrist along the side of my thumb . That residue is very easily washed away with soap and water.Overall , I 'm definitely satisfied with my purchase .
 These are great batting gloves , they have a wide variety of colors , and I loved the locatio of the zipper . They come with wristbands and the price is very good . 100 % recommended
 This batting gloves are top notch . Not only do you get a pair of techfires for a cheap price , you will also receives two matching wrist bands or where I like to wear them , two matching forarm bands . Highly recommended !
 I bought this as a gift for a friend who loves owls . We are both over 21 , so it is not just for kids anymore .
 I rec 'd this Snowy Owl Cuddlekins in the allotted time and in good condition . My grandaughter really is enjoying it . It was a belated Christmas present .
 I was looking for an owl for my son just like Hedwig , the one in the Harry Potter movies . This is it ! Perfect size , not too big , not too small . Perfect size for him to cuddle and play with . Good quality , very satisfied customer .
 I bought this owl as Hedwig from Harry Potter . The owl is very cute and plush and comes with snow owl facts . Definitely prefer this owl compared to the other `` official '' Hedwig toys , as this one looks more realistic .
 The first point to make is that as soon as I procured this Owl , the Owl took over . The Owl took ownership of all of my property almost immediately . The Owl also soon started stockpiling other people 's property . But this was only the beginning . If you think this Owl is cute , and that it looks like the Harry Potter owl , you have NO IDEA what you 're getting yourself into . This is NOTHING like the Harry Potter owl . Such blasphemy angers the Owl very much.In case any children are reading -LRB- children that the Owl has not yet eaten , of which there ca n't be many left at this point -RRB- , I will keep this review PG rated , even though that will make it VERY difficult to truly capture how HARD CORE this Owl is.The Owl somehow bought out the lot next door to my house , and destroyed the structure that had been standing there . The Owl then contracted with some criminals to construct some sort of underground bunker used mainly for storage of gold , assault weaponry , and nuclear weapons . The Owl recently took delivery of half of North Korea 's arsenal , along with most of Iran 's yellow cake uranium . There WERE WMDs in Iraq , Dick Cheney was correct . The Owl is now in possession of them.I have to say , though the Owl does tend to run things as a dictatorship , I for one welcome our new Owl overlord . Another plus is that the Owl patrols the house at night and when I 'm not home , protecting the area . The Owl will kill trespassers on sight , so do NOT screw around . The Owl accomplishes this without ever making a mess , since instead of leaving the bodies strewn about the countryside , he prefers to stack the bodies in a special holding area in his aforementioned underground bunker for later consumption.One of the drawbacks is the Owl 's appetite . Stuffed snowy owls usually eat nothing at all , as they are inanimate objects . Normal snowy owls in the wild eat little rodents like lemmings and stuff . Well , this Owl prefers large game such as orangutans , triceratops , buffalo , and even an occasional rhinoceros . This is only on a light day . As an after dinner snack , the Owl will sometimes consume tree trunks and steel beams or girders . If you do n't have enough of these around , the Owl will move on to ripping through your drywall and your flooring . The Owl may even do this -LRB- along with drinking gasoline and rat poison -RRB- as a pastime activity . So be careful.You will need to get used the Owl 's influence . Most people initially will not understand your devotion to the Owl . They will laugh at your mandatory pilgrimages to local zoos to see the Owl 's distant cousins , thinking you are nuts . But in reality , you know that you must pay homage to the Owl , at all times . If you do this , your Owl ownership -LRB- rather , the Owl 's ownership of you -RRB- will be a rewarding , magnificent and life changing experience for all involved . But screw around , and the Owl will exact vengeance and revenge.In closing , the Owl owns everything , and there 's NOTHING that you can do about it . So you might as well just buy the Owl now and get on with it.The Owl has several things in the works next . As soon as the Owl masters cold fusion , he will move on to terraforming Mars . This normally could take decades , even centuries for the world 's greatest minds . But the Owl has no issues waking up in the morning , and then having things like this finished before lunch time . After hard work like that , lunch would generally consist of a few gorillas , your cat , and probably your garage . If there happen to be power tools in that garage
 Bought this for my 1 yr old granddaughter as one of her xmas presents . Our local library has this owl in the kid 's section and every time she is there she walks around carrying it . It is n't xmas yet , but I know she 's going to love it .
 When I purchased this owl , I was actually looking for an inexpensive stuffed animal to use as part of a surprise for my sister , an adult Harry Potter fan . I did not particularly care about the quality or feel of it . When it arrived , I was shocked at how well made it was , and how soft it was . The owl is extremely lifelike , and the attention to detail is amazing . It even came with a tag that gave information on the real animal , which is an educational plus for those with children . I ended up keeping it and getting another one for her , because I loved it so much I just could not part with it.I would highly recommend this if you or someone you know collects stuffed animals , owls or is a Harry Potter fan .
 larger than i expected . fast shipping , great product.if youre looking for owl like in harry potter , i would highly recommend it !
 My son is a huge Harry Potter fan . He loves this owl that he named Hedwig . It 's very soft and the wings are long . Makes for great imaginative play ! Definitely recommend this for kids and Harry Potter fans !
 My kids love Harry Potter and wanted an owl . Obviously you ca n't own a real owl , and this is the next best thing . It 's a nice size and cuddly and squishy as ever ! They both take their Hedwigs to day care every day for nap time .
 This snowy owl is so cuddly and gorgeous . It 's the most life like I 've seen . My little boy has had his for years , they wash well and do n't fall apart . And of course he 's called it Hedgie , after Hedwig . This is a bargain for the quality !
 My 17 month old daughter has been carrying this owl around since the day we got it , and it has held up beautifully ! Thank you !
 I got this owl for my 3-year-old boy , who is in love with everything Harry Potter . He is VERY happy with it ! It is very soft and well-made . I would recommend this purchase to anyone looking for Hedwig , or anyone who wants a beautiful owl . Very nice !
 I purchased the snowy owl for my grandson , who loves Harry Potter . It is very well-made and is extremely life-like . We are very pleased .
 Got this for my daughter . Well made , very nice and soft , and the perfect Hedwig .
 This snowy owl doll is a perfect gift for owl lovers ! Cuddly and soft . Children and adults alike will love it . ,
 We have had the frog version of this for a while but my son pay little to no attention to it . It is harder to pull and you have to make sure you do n't flip it . We got this for his bday and he LOVES it ! He walks all around the house with it . He is n't able to push one of those popper toys yet - he can do a lawn mower or something with 4 wheels the 2 wheels are still to hard . But this toy is perfect . It is light enough that he can drag it behind him without pulling himself over and it is stable enough that he does n't have to concentrate on keeping it upright.Perfect for a new walker !
 My daughter is 15 months and loves this toy . I can ; t get her to use it in the house but she loves it outside and it only took her a few tries to figure it out . It seems very well constructed and so cute ! Some reviewers said they were surprised it was so small but just pay attention to the dimensions online and you wo n't be surprised . I think if it was any bigger it would be too heavy for a toddler to pull . This is a great option for a wooden toy that will last through many kids I 'm sure !
 This is a very cute toy . It has taken a lot of abuse from my 11 month old and looks great still . He gets bored with it easily , but it 's not they expensive and looks cute in the room .
 I have two nephews who are almost two -LRB- cousins , not twins -RRB- and since I do n't see them all that often choosing gifts for birthdays or the holidays can be a challenge . While Christmas shopping , I stumbled across this little number during some browsing on Amazon and decided to order one for each nephew.There are 7 sets of aunts and uncles in my family and 5 neices and nephews so the gift-giving can get a little nuts . These alligators were competing against the general mayhem of Christmas morning , electronic toys and iPods -LRB- yikes ! -RRB- for some attention and they were the favorite of both nephews . The boys played with them all night and by the end of the evening , the 18-month-olds who can barely speak were `` talking '' to each other about their alligators and racing them . Yes , racing them.The alligators are noisy , especially on a hardwood floor . The noise they make is at least 20 % of the fun , though . But they do ok on carpet or pavement too . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone with young children .
 I bought this for my little boy for his first birthday . He is attempting to walk and I hope this will be the motivation to get him to walk more . He loves watching me play with it and it 's very durable . This is one of those toys where he wo n't grow out of quickly , like most toys I 've seen . He can play with this inside and outside and have a constant companion.It does make a clacking sound but it 's mild compared to the noises other toys make .
 The `` Dancing Alligator '' is simply but thoughtfully designed , attractively finished in a bright green color and gets children 's attention with it 's loud and animated movement . It operates easily and the pull string has plenty of length , especially if you want to demonstrate for your child . We are fans of the Plan Toy products we 've purchased so far and will continue to buy their products .
 I ordered this toy for a friend 's two year old . It arrived within one day of ordering and was in perfect condition . It was the two year olds birthday and was one of his favorite toys !!!
 Got this for our 17-month old at Christmas . He absolutely loved it and ran all over the house pulling this behind him . It makes a great clackity-clack noise that is quite loud on tile or hardwood floors , but then again , that 's what makes it so much fun . It 's very durable - our son often is so excited that the poor alligator gets pulled on its side while he runs around with it until it finds its way back onto its wheels . Have n't tried it on carpet , but it does work well on throw rugs and the sound is dampened a bit .
 My son LOVES this toy and he ca n't even walk yet . Whenever we pull the string to make it `` clickety-clack '' past him he wo n't take his eyes off it . He loves toys with strings , and I imagine him loving this toy even more when he begins to walk -LRB- he is only 9 months old -RRB- . We have also taken it to a few Christmas parties where some older kids were pretty rough on it and I do n't see any harm done . This is a great , simple toy ; much better than the ADD inducing light and sound display that most toys have . I also got many compliments from other parents thinking that this toy cost a lot , and were surprised at the price -LRB- $ 14.99 -RRB- . I think it 's a classic ...
 For about the past three months , my 18 month old has been pulling around my laptop cord like a pull toy . It 's cute ... but annoying ... epecially when I need to charge my laptop . I tried tying a mega block on a string for him -LRB- OK , I 'm not crafty -RRB- ... and he liked that , but kept going back to the laptop cord . So , I decided to see if an actual pull-toy might do the trick . After searching on Amazon , I came across this little alligator . The reviews were great , the price was right ... and it even fit in with my old Waldorf-ideal -LRB- that I had before I ever had kids -RRB- of natural materials over plastic . -LRB- These days we have plastics galore ! -RRB- He 's been a big hit with everybody in the house ... even his four year old sister and six year old big brother love to take Mr. Gator for a run . It makes a clacking noise as it goes -- which can be annoying after an hour or two , but is far better than some computer generated sound.This would be a great first year birthday gift for a boy or a girl !
 This toy does make noise , but it 's a very tolerable , pleasant clacking . Much better to listen to than electronic toys . Our child loves it , and it will grow with her . Every adult who has seen it instantly wants to play with it too !
 My 12 month old daughter loves this toy . She loves walking along and pulling the string while the alligator claps along behind her . She loves anything that makes noise and this totally fits the bill , without being obnoxious . The price and quality of this product are hard to beat for the value you get !
 My wife picked up this Plan Toy Dancing Alligator . I 'm not sure why . Maybe it was because it 's such a cute toy and is made largely of wood . Our boy is only 13-months-old , well below the target date , but he certainly seems to like the looks of it . He 's now on the verge of walking and as soon as he has that skill down pat , we 'll introduce the little alligator . My bet is that he 'll love it.In the meantime , all the adults that come over love it . They look it over and ask a lot of questions . They pull it around the house and are amused by the clattering and bobbing up and down . I ca n't recall ever seeing so much attention devoted to a child 's toy . Well , it is a very appealing and amusing toy . In my book , it would rank way , way above those various plastic things that most people regard as toysGary Peterson
 Clacking and Clanking ... The alligator really knows how to entertain!Great toy . Smaller than I imagined , but not a big deal.My nephew thinks it 's great .
 WARNING
 My daughter loves walking this alligator . She pulls it behind her and also practices walking backward so she can see the alligator walking . Great clanking noises !
 My 18-month old daughter loves this toy and marches all around the house with it ! Even her big sister loves to walk with it !
 We gave this toy to our grand-daughter for Christmas . It was n't the first toy she played with ... but about 3 days later when we finally were able to show her how the toy worked ... It became one of her favorites ... She loves to pick it up and examines it and is very interested once she starts pulling it and walking around as to the movements and the click-clack noise it makes and it can be loud as she starts walking faster with it lol ! but hey that is part of the fun.This toy appears to be well made and has endured so far a couple of drops to the floor . It is great for her coordination and she plays with it just about every day , I know this because she lives with us . . In all very happy with this dancing alligator .
 It is like an old fashinoned toy and lots of fun for our grandson to pull around . He is really enjoying it
 This toy is so cute and durable . When a child pulls the string at the front of the alligator it rolls on the floor making a clacking sound . I am embarrassed to admit how many times this toy has been dropped on accident or fallen off of a table and it is still in perfect condition . This would make a good first birthday gift .
 We love Plan toys ! This is another excellent product . Very high quality , durable , and fun .
 We bought this for our 2 year old , but never gave it to him . We took it out of the box to test it , and it was way too loud for our taste . We have hardwood floors , and it does have rubber on the wheels , but the clacking of the body was actually quite annoying ! It did have a cute wobble , and I am sure he would have loved it . But it would have tortured us . Kind of selfish I guess , but just a warning !
 This is a fun toy for our toddlers to pull around the house . We also have the snail version which I like better because it is quieter . This one clanks together when it is pulled , which is cool , but it echos off of our hardwood floor and is louder than I 'd prefer with a newborn nearby .
 Kids love ` walking ' him when we go on walks . Other big hit is pushing a baby stroller . He 's a bit worn from all the usage but still functioning
 This pull toy was extremely well received by my little boy on his first birthday . He started walking early , at about 10 months , so he was very interested in pulling and pushing toys . We received this one as a gift and he loves it ! It makes a clacking noise that is stimulating , but not overly annoying for others in the room . I think it 's pleasing to look at and seems durable so far . The string has gotten a little dirty , but so far it 's holding up alright . Overall , I think this is an excellent product for little ones and I hope it will encourage creative play as he gets older as well .
 This toy makes our daughter run and smile and laugh . We all love this toy . It is durable , cute , and as far as noisy toys go , pleasant sounding . Great gift . Our daughter received it for her 1st birthday and at 17mos it is still going strong every day . FUN ! I ca n't wait to buy one for my nephew 's first birthday.I gave 3 for educational value . It does encourage some problem solving when the string gets tangled on the gator .
 I bought this for my great grandson for his first birthday and he loves it . Drags it around everywhere . Seems to be very durable . I would recommend this toy for any child who is walking and able to drag it around .
 My ten month old son loves toy . He drags it all over the place and it encourages to walk.He does n't go anywhere without it .
 I bought this toy for my friends son who was turning 1 year . He loves the toy . He is able to operate it and does not want to put it down . I would recommend this toy !
 This is a great , relatively inexpensive toy that is extremely cute . It does not require any batteries to operate . When `` walked , '' the alligator will wiggle his body and the various wood slats will make a `` clapping '' noise -LRB- I didnt find this noise annoying , but this is definitely NOT a silent toy -RRB- . It is a little smaller than I expected - not a con , just in case you were wondering this toy is not that large -LRB- the alligator is less than a foot long -RRB- . Little ones will probably giggle and laugh when they see the alligator move , and parents will adore the way their children look when `` walking '' this new pet.I appreciate the fact that this toy is marketed as being made of `` non-toxic natural materials such as organic rubberwood '' . Would definitely recommend for anyone 's toddlers and also it makes a wonderful gift .
 This toy has gotten more and more fun as our daughter went from being a walker to a runner . She can pull it behind her from room and room and the noise makes her feel really accomplished . She also now makes a chomp chomp noise with the alligator mouth and tries to feed him . I love that it is wood .
 My 20-month old daughter has been obsessed with this toy since she was 12 months old . We have another pull toy -LRB- caterpillar -RRB- that we pull around together . Sometimes I have to hide it because I just ca n't do another lap around the house ! It is loud , especially on wood floors , but a fun toy .
 My one year old loves this toy . He really gets a kick out of seeing the way it moves , and it did n't take him long to figure out how to reel it in -LRB- he 's not walking yet -RRB- . It works best on a hard floor ; it does n't ripple as well on carpet , but it 's fun either way .
 The Dancing Alligator toy is exactly as promised . My grandson loved it from the beginning -- grabbed the pull string and began making the rounds , evidently enjoying the different sounds as it traveled over carpet , wood , and vinyl .
 We purchased this toy for our pre-walking son . He loves pulling the alligator around as he crawls ! It is a durable and very cute toy without all the bells and whistles of other electronic toys ! Love it !
 I bought this for my son for his 1st birthday . It immediately captured his interest and has been a favorite ever since . He had just started walking and does n't yet understand how to always keep the alligator on the ground as he pulls it behind him , so sometimes he just picks it up by the string and carries it to me for help . He will then chase after it while I pull it around the house . I 'm delighted by how much he loves this simple , cute , inexpensive toy .
 We bought our toddlers several different pull toys , including the Melissa and Doug frog , and this alligator is by far their favorite . We think that the `` clacking '' noise it makes when pulled is the reason . They seem to really like the sound of the alligator `` dancing '' behind them . And I can honestly say , it is noisy but not too annoying -LRB- most of the time , anyway ! -RRB- . I prefer wood clacking over animated plastic toys any day of the week ! Overall , this is an excellent , well-made and adorable toddler toy .
 This little alligator-on-a-leash is a great toy for toddlers . It 's a simple , mechanical thing - they pull the string , and the alligator dances and clacks , following them around . It can be used by crawlers as well , as they can simply pull the alligator by his face or tail and get the same dancing-clacking effect . And even with the wooden slats moving back and forth , it ca n't pinch your child 's fingers.As with all Plan Toys , it 's safe for your child and for the environment
 My 18 month old LOVES this little guy . She walks everywhere with it ; I think the sound encouraged her to start running . I loathe all those crazy noises that come out of electronic gadgets these days so love to hear noises from a toy that are not those .
 My 18 month old loves it ! He enjoys any toy he can pull but this one seems to be his favorite . He likes the noise it makes and the way it moves .
 I bought this as a birthday present for my nephew he just turned one , he seemed to like it , but he was overwhelmed with all the presents , my three old nephew played with it a lot pulling it all over the house , it makes a cute noise , it was hit with all the children and seems durable enough to last a long time .
 This was one of my daughters many Christmas gifts and it 's one of her FAVORITES !! She plays with it more than almost all of her `` big '' toys . It 's very cute and well made !
 I smile every time I hear my 18 month old walking down the hallway dragging this clacking alligator behind her . She was thrilled when she opened the package to find this `` Arr arr '' , which is what she calls him . The alligator is very well constructed and has great motion . As the child pulls the rope , the alligator arches his back , then lifts his head and tail up into the air simultaneously . The clacking noise comes from the slapping together of the three wooden slats that make up the alligator 's body . The alligator is about five or six inches wide at the wheels , so it tips over fairly easily as it is being pulled along . But , no problem ! Part of learning is figuring out how to get him back upright ! I would absolutely recommend this cute little fellow to my friends .
 Our 8 month old loves this alligator ! He 's fascinated with its click-clack as you pull it along . As he gets older I 'm sure he 'll love pulling it himself .
 It is great to see a toy made from wood these days that is as simplistic as something I would have played with as a kid . Great throwback gift idea and I know my nieces and my son will all enjoy their respective gators for years to come .
 We purchased this toy for our grand-daughter for her 1st birthday . Her parents were intrigued with the sounds and soon Allie became a favorite . My grand-daughter experiments with how many places Allie can fit into and untangles his string easily herself . Just the right length , funny sounds , interesting movements and easy to manipulate , this toy is an outstanding selection for your toddler !
 He 's so happy with this toy . He 's been playing with it from 12 - 18 months so far . It is exactly what I wanted - non-powered , pull-along , endearing . See picture !
 My 10 month old LOVES this toy !! He is not walking yet , but loves to pull the string and shake the alligator to make it make noise . He plays with it all the time ! Great durable and very cute toy !
 this toy is pretty neat . it makes cool wood-on-wood clickity-clackity sounds . the little girl i bought it for -LRB- 1 year old -RRB- seems to really like it . no educational value , but so what.the craftsmanship is nice , and the parents seemed to love it.i 'll probably buy this or something similar for my baby when he starts trying to walk .
 The little girl I gave it to loves it and keeps walking around the house with it , as if it would be her pet .
 Although my 14 month grand daughter push ` es it more than pulls it she seem 's to like the movements and clicking and clacking noise that it makes .
 Sturdy , fun , and really cute ! My 15 month old grandson adores it , pretending it 's chasing him through the house ! The toy has personality !
 This is super cute and makes a fun clacking sound when pulled . I do wish there was a wooden knob at end of pull string .
 Daughter loves it . Only downside is she broke it after only a few months . It was on a bookcase , she was trying to reach it , it fell off bookcase and our hard wood floors and the back wheel dowel broke in half , so it was minus one wheel . She still played with it with only 3 wheels , it was just a little louder then . 6 months later , the other back wheel broke off so it was down to 2 wheels . She still plays with it ! So only 4 stars because it can break .
 This is such a cute little pull toy - the sounds it makes is actually pleasant and not annoying . My one year old loves pulling it around . Word of warning , though - check those eyes ! Based on another person 's review I checked our little alligator and one of his eyes pulled right out - big choking hazard . Easy enough to fix with a dab of super glue , but this needs to be addressed so there are no problems for little ones .
 Grandaughter loves this and plays with it constantly . She pulls it along and seems intrieged by the sounds it makes .
 This little guy is so much fun ! and the `` dancing '' is fun to watch it pops and hops ! My son is 2 and he enjoys pushing this toy and watching the `` scales '' move up and down .
 I have given these as presents to several nieces and nephews , and they are always a hit . The kiddos love the clacking sound the alligator makes as he is pulled , and it is fun to watch him &#34; dance . &#34; -LRB- Word of warning
 This is the first Plan Toy I have purchased and I am impressed . We have lots of other wooden toys from another very popular brand . We 've had this toy for over 6 months and it looks just like new out of the box . Other wooden toys we have the paint chips off easily and does n't seem as high of quality . My 18 month old loves to run around pulling this alligator behind her or if someone else is pulling it she likes to chase after behind . This toy is one that I 've had to take away when other toddlers are at my house playing because they all want to play with it and fight over it . We have carpet and tile and it pulls well on both . The clicking noise is cute , not obnoxiously loud . The alligator is well built and I think this is a toy we 'll keep forever .
 My 7 month old daughter received this for a Christmas present and it was an immediate hit . She looks for it every time she enters the playroom and immediately started to crawl to it one she sees it . It is very well made and extremely cute . She pulls it around with him on the floor and I am sure that she will continue to do so when she walks . The one down side is the string . You just need to watch the child while they are using it so the string does n't get wrapped around them .
 My 1-year-old has n't gotten the handle on it quite yet , but i 'm sure he will soon . it 's very cute and works fine .
 I bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas and it was a hit . It 's a sturdy , colorful , wacky thing which wiggles and makes a clacking noise as you pull it along . She loved it . It 's actually cuter than in the product photo . I will keep an eye out for other Plan Toys in the future .
 While visiting Grandma 's house , my 24 month old fell in love with this pull toy after finding it in her grandma 's toy box . She seriously probably spent 1/4 of the visit playing with this toy . When it came time to go home , this toy had to be pried away from my little one 's grasp . I do n't think I 've ever seen my daughter so sad.Anyhow , I decided to order one of these for our house . I 'm not the type of parent who buys everything my children ask for - but this is one of those toys that I ca n't object to . Since it arrived in the mail , it has gotten lots of play . I do n't think I 've ever seen a toddler love a toy as much as my daughter loves this thing . It has a nice long string - unlike many newer pull-toys . -LRB- I know it can be a strangulation hazard , but I always keep a very close eye on my little one . -RRB- It does n't tip easy , even when it 's turning corners . It glides on the floor nicely . I love how it moves like an inch worm . This has bumped into furniture and has n't lost any paint yet . It makes a fun clapping sound , which most adults should n't find too overbearing . It can withstand a good cleaning after it 's been fed mushy graham crackers . My daughter likes it to sit beside her while she looks at books , colors and plays with her other toys . She 'd probably take it into her crib with her at night if I let her -LRB- which I obviously do n't due to the string . -RRB- It really is a very fun toy . : -RRB-
 I bought this for my 17mth old son . He loves it , and the toy is super cute . Be aware the click-clack sound is very loud on hardwood floors & tile .
 This was a very different toy than you can find in stores . Very pleased with it.Would reommend this for just beginning walkers , as they can pull it along . .
 We received this as a gift for my daughter -LRB- almost 5 now -RRB- and it has lasted through 5 years and 3 kids . Even now the kids love to play with it !! I am for sure putting this into the box of toys we will keep for our kids to give to their own children some day . The absolutely ONLY con I can think of is that it is pretty loud ... but that makes it more fun ;-RRB- I love how it teaches cause and effect early on , even before little ones are fully walking !
 this is actually the first review I 've ever written . We own all kinds of toys -LRB- both wooden and those made in china :-RRB- -RRB- . However this is by far a house favorite . I 'm not sure what the appeal is of this one but every child who walks in our house plays with it . We have WAY too many toys of every kind and this one gets played with more than others . My daughter almost 4 years old received it when she was about 7 months old and it 's been passed on to my second child without so much as a scratch . it 's been pulled into walls , the dog , tables , people etc and it 's still going . My 15 month old just now figured out how to pull the string behind her and walk frontwards although she often turns around to smile at what they 've named `` crocky '' -LRB- I know he 's an alligator technically -RRB- and sometimes runs into a wall . so overall he 's a fan fave in our house .
 I got this for my three year old son and he adores it ! He has n't stopped playing with it since he got it out of the box ! he calls it a little dinosaur and pets it on the head . Super cute . The clapping it makes it pretty annoying but it works well on the carpet and is very durable so far -LRB- it 's already taken a few trips up and down the stairs -RRB- and like I said my son loves it ! I would totally recommend this toy for toddlers , it 's a really great toy !
 We purchased this Dancing Alligator from Plan Toys and really impressed by its quality . It came exactly like in the picture , I mean color wise , shape , and look , etc. . My daughter was 9 month when she got it . Since it was a new toy she liked to play with it , and quickly figured out she needs to pull it . I think it helps her develop her sense of using her fingers or hands and eyes coordinately -LRB- motor skills basically -RRB- . Well , like every other toy in the house , her interest is always diverted to new things that she finds . She still plays with it once a while , but we think it is a toy that she could still enjoy when she 's 2 or 3 . I would have given it a full-star if the paint of one wood chip of alligator 's body did n't come off . But again , we know how a 9 or 10 month old plays with a toy like this . After smacking or banging it on the floor a few times , it is not a BIG surprise for me to see it . : -RRB-
 My daughter received this toy from her grandparents as an early St. Nick 's gift . The recommended age is 19 months -LRB- on the box -RRB- , and while my daughter is only 15 months , she LOVES IT ! She will hold our hands -LRB- she does not walk with confidence on her own yet -RRB- and pull her little alligator along . She loves the clack sound the body of the alligator makes . She will sit in the floor and pull the string around her , watching the alligator move . She also just sit the alligator next to her when she is playing with other toys . The colors -LRB- green and yellow -RRB- are very eye catching to her . I would highly recommend this pull toy.The only concerns I had , in general of any pull toy , is the string -LRB- chocking -RRB- . I did catch my daugther wrapping the string around her body , so I do not let her play with it alone ... either I or my husband is in the living room with her . Also , I did read reviews below about the little wood piece coming out ... . ours has not . It is in very strong and does n't look like it would fall out . My husband said it would be very easy to glue in , if it does fall out ... so we are not worried about it .
 This is a great toy and my 14 month-old son loves it . I think it 's the perfect size , makes a fun noise , and is easy for him to pull around . I was going to give it to him as a Christmas gift , but I was too excited to wait .
 I bought this alligator for my 14 month old baby who had recently begun walking . I am a wooden toy fanatic and this toy fit the bill ! It is a wonderfully cute toy ! It is the perfect size for a baby -LRB- you do n't want a toy too big because they wo n't have the strength to pull it -RRB- . The alligator looks very cute as it is being pulled , and the clacking noise it makes is actually not annoying . I have had this for several months now and would definitely recommend it . We have never had any problems with it , and it looks like it will last a long time -LRB- I 'll be passing in on to my future niece or nephew -RRB- .
 I 've had this for a few months and it 's holding up well to a baby and preschooler playing with it a lot . It 's a lot of fun for even my 4 year old , and it 's so cute and simple I think even she 'll play with it for a while longer . It 's also great to know it 's safe .
 This is such a clever toy . It is very well made . Our grand daughter loves it ... so do we ! We have pull toy parades . Great fun .
 This is a great pull toy for kids . As they pull it the wooden slacks that make up its body clack together . It works best on wood or tile floors but really any hard surface works including sidewalks . The toy itself is made from rubber wood trees , the company Plan Toys uses the rubber wood after the tree has stopped producing latex and would otherwise just be burned . The glue and paint are non toxic and the finished product is cute and durable .
 My daughter just got this for her birthday and she loves it . She is one year old , and she is entertained with it for ages , and also loves to watch mommy pull it across the floor for her . It makes a really great clack-clack sound when it 's pulled , it 's very bright and colorful , and the string is actually long enough for her to pull along behind her as she crawls -LRB- unlike the chatter phone by fisher price , which has shortened their string to a ridiculous length -RRB- . I love that it 's environmentally friendly , renewable and non-toxic - but even without taking into account that it 's t a `` green '' toy , it 's a really great find !
 My Grandson loves it . . Its Durrible ... not too too noisy . . and he loves pulling it around . . the first week he had it u couldnt get him away from it !! He still loves it.but its made its way into the rotation of trucks and things . Hes 2 btw ... I think he 'll b playing with this for a while . I wish i had got it when he was younger tho . Oh well . . its good now too
 We love , love , love this alligator . It was a little smaller than I was expecting , but it has given my kids HOURS , and HOURS of fun ! My 2 year old would pull this around the house laughing histerically and my 9 month old would chase him in his walker ... squealing with delight ... all the while the alligator 's click clacking away . I will say it got pretty loud , but I do n't really care so long as the kids are having fun . My younger son just started walking last week and can pull the alligator around now , and he still loves ! Definitely worth investing in !
 &#34; Ally the alligator &#34; as we call her . She is a much loved toy in our house . Our one year old loves tugging this toy around the house . It has provided hours and hours of entertainment , not only for her but for us as well . :-RRB- Love this toy . Ca n't wait to get one for our niece/nephew .
 My son is 15 months and loves this toy . I 've read the reviews and I 'm summing up what people have said . It works well on carpet , my son throws in down the stairs and is VERY rough with it and it 's still in tact . It says right on the box 19 months and older , so the little pieces should n't be a problem if it does break . I would n't say it dances , more like does `` The Wave '' up and down . The string is n't too long and it was smaller than expected . Over all , this is a wonderful toy ! I do n't think anything about it is negative . If I have problems it 's because I did n't read enough about it . Hope this helps !!!
 This toy is sturdy and very cute . The string is long enough for it to be pulled comfortably even my by very tall 3-year-old . The rubber treads on the wheels ensure that the wheels grip and turn properly on our hardwood floors . The toy &#34; clacks &#34; as it is pulled , so it is a bit noisy , but it is a sound kids love .
 I bought this alligator for my niece when she was in her pulling phase at 1.5-years-old . She loves the noise it makes , and though it 's pretty loud , it 's not as annoying as I was expecting it to be . It 's very well-built and is still working properly even after a year . The wheels are smooth and it even rolls on our short carpet . Highly recommended !
 cute but slightly noisy ! we were trying to avoid buying our daughter noisy musical toys , so bought this instead ... it is quite loud on hardwood floors . but , she loves it , so it make up for the noise
 This alligator toy is the perfect size and durability for our active 1 1/2 year old nephew ... He is a Florida Gator fan too , so it made for an extra special gift !! ; -RRB-
 I purchased this toy as my child has played with it other people 's homes . Its cute and makes really fun sounds . Quality seems solid toy .
 My daughter received this as a gift from her Aunt for her first birthday . She 's about to turn three , and she still loves this alligator ! It is very durable , and the paint has n't chipped at all in the nearly two years she has had it . The rubber banding on the wheels helps to make it pull smoothly . The string on it is a nice thick braided cotton.Overall , this is a great toy ! A bit loud for sure , but it is a favorite here !!
 Our son walked a little on the late side at 17 months , and this little alligator has become a great companion for him since . With a dog , we must go for walks daily , and he walks the alligator while I tend to his younger brother and walk the dog . That alligator has put some MILES on it . We got it as a gift from my aunt who is an avid Salvation Army shopper and were devastated when a wheel fell off -LRB- this is probably after at least 50 miles on the thing , not including its milage from previous owners -RRB- , but we found a label on its clackity body and were ecstatic to have located a new one . The best part ... no batteries ! Just a well-made and inexpensive toy that is , quite literally , willing to go the distance with your little one .
 I bought this cute little fellow for my nephew . When it came , I just HAD to get it out and play with it myself ! The clapping -LRB- not overly annoying -RRB- intrigued and scared my cat , but I sure thought it was fun . The wheel axels are off-center , forcing the `` worm '' - like motion -LRB- like the 80s dance , which forces the plates to clap as it strolls along . It is smaller than I expected -- box is only about 4 `` x4 `` x12 '' , but I guess that makes it a little less intimidating for small children . Have n't given this to my nephew yet , but I sure think it 's a great , timeless toy that can entertain for many years . For those who are interested , the paint is soy-based ; the manufacturer really seemed to be dedcated to a natural , quality product .
 This is a great walking toy for toddlers . the alligator 's wooden body moves as it walks , so it makes the kids giggle and interested in walking with it . My son loves to dance with it !
 My girlfriend sent this to our daughter for her 1st birthday . She had just begun to walk , but she played with it often . Now that she is 18 months and running , she loves to pull the alligator around the house and especially loves the clacking noise it makes . I love that it is environmentally friendly and needs no batteries . This is a great toy for your own kids or as a gift for a 12 + month toddler . I will certainly buy more Plan Toys going forward
 My first daughter go this toy for Christmas when she was just 10 months old . She is now almost 5 and still loves this toy . It was been through 3 kids now and they all love to play with him . His name is clicker and he really gets around . When friends come over they also love to play with clicker and usually a fight will break out but he is very durable and has always come out on the other side in perfect condition !!!
 Our son got this from his aunt for Christmas and he absolutely loves it ! We are always on the lookout for old-fashioned quality toys - made of wood and without the loud bells and whistles that are ridiculously prevalent in this day and age - and this toy completely fits that description while providing great fun . Our son loves the clacking sound it makes and he loves to walk backwards while pulling it through the house so he can watch it move . We love the ecological and safe way it was made , and are now big fans of Plan Toys .
 This is the best toy I have purchased for my son so far . I bought this for him when he had just started walking , and he loved it from the start . Everyday my 15-month-old takes the alligator for walks -LRB- runs , to be more accurate -RRB- around the house , yelling with delight as the alligator clickety-clacks behind him . The movement of the toy is fascinating , the quality is outstanding , and there is simply something very appealing about the alligator 's expression and his bright green-and-yellow color scheme.My son has four toys from Plan Toys , and every one of them is a beautiful , educational , durable , and updated classic .
 This toy is fun , made of wood and non-toxic . These are very important criteria for toys these days . It is so much nicer than an electronic noise maker . My granddaughter -LRB- 15 months -RRB- loves it and it will probably last to be passed on to sisters or brothers . I am very satisfied .
 I bought this as a holiday gift for my one year old nephew . I knew he was a little young for it , but figured he 'd grow into it . Turns out he loves it , and his 3 year old sister does , too ! This one 's a keeper ...
 We bought this at a consignment shop , but the construction and paint is a testament to just how well it is made -- it looked brand new -LRB- even though it had been used -RRB- ! My under-1-yo-at-the-time was scared of it in the beginning because of how loud the wooden panels ` clack ' when the toy is pulled -LRB- the wheel 's axles are offset and uneven on opposite sides -LSB- on purpose -RSB- so that the alligator looks almost like its walking ; there 's a wave-like motion that 's created by the uneven axles and it really makes it move like a genuine alligator -- a sort of gliding and rolling-gait at the same time -RRB- . A year later , DS loves it and loves the noise it makes as he runs , pulling it behind him as he goes . Me ? Way , way , waaaaay too noisy for comfort . Maybe its the fact that we have tiled floors and the sound echoes mightily , but I 'd love if they made a future model with some dampers in between the panels to muffle the sound a bit.My other complaint is that the pull-string is very long and poses a strangulation hazard . We tried wrapping it around the alligator 's neck and securing with a knot , but DS managed to open the knot and unfurl the string . We have since cut it down by half.The wheels have a slight rubber-tread for some traction and so it does n't skid all over the place as they run . Nice touch from a company that looks like they pay close attention to detail . This is our second wooden toy from the company and I 'm super-happy there are no sharp edges , rough , splintery wood or bad paint job anywhere!Just an FYI
 Expensive for a stuffed animal -- more like decorative folk art . Extremely well-made , posable legs -LRB- it will stand upright on all fours -RRB- and whiskers . My children -LRB- 2 and 4 -RRB- , both of whom love the film Mulan , enjoy running around the house chasing each other with this dragon . The whole family loves it for different reasons , but given the price and the visual appeal , you 're going to want to protect it from food and drool .
 This dragon is beautiful and well made . He is very sturdy and his legs are posable . I am really happy I got him for such a good price ! He is not a cuddly type dragon - more for display .
 My husband surprised me with this for my birthday - I was born in the year of the dragon -LRB- which will be in 2012 -RRB- , and I 've always wanted a Chinese dragon , just for fun . High price like the other reviewer said , perhaps due to the excellent construction and different materials of the plush . Durable enough for play , beautiful enough for display . I especially like the gold stitching from head to tail , giving the dragon `` scales '' . Wires in the feet , tail and `` whiskers '' to pose as you like , not floppy , stands on its on . My only con - the head does not support itself , -LRB- like in the picture -RRB- , I had to prop it up for display . Big , make room for him ! Overall , one of the better plush dragons .
 Purchased this to include in a basket of zebra themed products for a raffle . The listing says `` horse '' but it is striped like a zebra . Very cute and reasonably priced . This is a toy for light snuggling or display . It is not going to withstand rough use . Very soft , beautiful pink . Was tempted to keep it for myself !
 This is just the right puzzle to entertain and challenge 5 and 6 year olds who have outgrown the easier puzzles . That being said , it helps to work with an adult . It 's satisfying to hear them say ' I want to do it again . '
 It 's still a little too challenging for my just-turned-8 year old , but we loved working it together and she can keep at it - that 's how they learn . Ravensburger puzzles are always excellent quality and the art is beautiful . Great for girls into unicorns/princesses/fairy tales and the like . My 10 year old son enjoyed helping with it as well . At the same time , we also purchased the Ravensburger Panda Family puzzle , which I would also recommend .
 Great puzzle , my 9 years old and 5 years old has played this puzzle several times and we all liked it very much .
 Extra 40 % Off Handcrafted Wooden Toy Tractor Classic Vintage Model CMC_EARTHMOVER_001My 2 yr old grandson was speechless when he saw it - then `` Twacter , twacter ! '' He played with it all day , own sounds included . The one drawback for a toddler - remove the wooden `` teeth '' from the end of the scoop , too dangerous for this age . It is a really sturdy , well made , handcarved , authentic detailed toy . Definitely last a few generations . It arrived with a note and a heart stating `` Thank you for supporting us . ''
 Bought this for the office . When that unrully customer - or distant office that just complains about anything and everything - calls or emails , a quick press of the chest and Godzilla roars three times , his eyes light up and blink - and everyone gets a chuckle with the `` venting '' of our frustration . Do n't know how it would last up against younger kids , but our 35 to 60 years old here like it .
 Wow ! What an amazingly detailed Godzilla ! This is definitely one of the finest of its kind to ever be made . It 's far more detailed than most of the other Godzilla plush toys . The skin is detailed with nice darkly colored scales . The knees are more pronounced for a much stronger look . The back plates look great and the demeanor of this Godzilla is as scary as cuddly could get ! He seems to be modeled after the `` All-Out Attack '' Godzilla from the 2001 film - one of my personal favorites.The roar of Godzilla is also surprisingly authentic . It 's the deeper , more guttural roar of the 1950 's and 1980 's Godzilla . And his glowing red eyes are just a screaming delight ! He roars 3 times before stopping.There 's just one small thing , though . Once the battery dies , it 's done for good . It 's sewn inside , which is rather sad . So be sparing with how much you use the roar.That one flaw aside , this is one of the most detailed , if not THE most detailed plush to date . It looks great and sounds great ! It 's the perfect Godzilla plush !
 I am a HUGE Godzilla fan , have loved the giant monster since I was a baby , and so finding this guy was a real gem for me . The roar is n't quite the full Godzilla roar , but that 's fine , the eyes lighting up is fun as well , and the tag on his arm is educational , or at least as an explanation of how the monster came to be . Would I recommend this for children ? No , maybe older kids would be fine with this , but I do n't believe Godzilla could stand up to the rough play little kids are known for . Still , it 's cuddly Godzilla , what 's not to love ? Five stars !
 My Werewolf obsessed Six year old loves this toy . It is very well made and the quality is excellent . The only problem we have was that you need quite strong fingers to push the lumberjack/werewolf into each other and my son finds it impossible so it may be better suited to older children . Having said that it gets taken everywhere and is now a favourite toy .
 After 2 weeks of research via hopping around web sites and checking locale hobby shops I ordered this from Hotslots -LRB- hotslots132.com -RRB- . Hotslots had a lot of information for someone just starting out.The locale shops do not carry Scalextric -LRB- well one does but we had such a horrendous experience with their staff and owner regarding a rather pricey telescope order with them , that we will never return there -RRB- . We ordered on Monday morning , and had it by the very next day in the afternoon . I received a few very friendly and helpful communications from Hotslots regarding shipping -LRB- shipping was free btw -RRB- , tracking , and a simple thank you ! We chose Scalextric due to the fact that you can use other brands of cars on their sets -LRB- not that I have a reason to , but I like to have choices -RRB- , you can convert to Digital and keep the same track , and they seemed to have a good reputation.The set came packaged very well , everything was extremely secure in the box . Everything also worked great right out of the box . The track snapped together easily -LRB- it is way more flexible then I had thought it would be -RRB- . I really ca n't say too much more , everything about this order from start to finish was exactly as you would hope it would be ! We are already looking at expanding a bit and will stick with both Hotslots , and Scalextric !
 Very identical to the dark victory comics batman concepts . a nice fig to be among all other batman fig .
 THIS SERIES OF BATMAN IS GREAT ! THERE ARE SO MANY VARIATIONS OF BATMAN THAT WHEN I FIND ONE THAT 'S QUITE DIFFERENT I TRY TO GRAB IT QUICK!I 'VE BEEN COLLECTING FOR OVER 20 YEARS . IS THERE ANYONE ELSE OUT THERE WHO IS ALSO A SERIOUS COLLECTOR OF ACTION FIGURES ? E-MAIL ME AT blackstarrx@gmail.com ` kay ? Peace !
 I have always regretted not purchasing this particular Barbie a very long time ago when it was issued . I am happy to have it now ... I give it four stars because it is not &#34; Mint Condition &#34; like the others that I bought so long ago , but I have taken good care of mine ! Nevertheless , it is the Barbie and I am glad to have it .
 My daughter loved this Barbie ! She has collected Barbies since she was a little girl , -LRB- with my help of course -RRB- . This Barbie is a lovely addition , very classy and quite beautiful .
 I wanted to write a positive review because the other two were so negative about this doll ! She is gorgeous and looks just the way she did in the movie ! Her hat is incredible , and the lace is beautiful ! They did a very good job on this one ! This was one of my favorite musicals , so it 's fun to have found something that is totally me ! I thought it was a little strange that she did n't have shoes though . Oh , well , you ca n't see her feet .
 Just recently watched Gone with the Wind and loved it . This doll was so beautiful and a great addition to my new Barbie collection of Gone with the Wind
 I bought the cinderella set for my four-year-old daughter to play with . They are a great size for airplane travel ! She loves playing with the finger puppets while we read the story . My only big complaint is that the hair could lay flatter against their heads , as the prince especially has a perpetual mohawk ;--RRB- . This does n't bother my daughter .
 My 3 y.o. loves putting on shows with these . They are easier for her to use than big puppets . I would have to agree with the other review about the wild hair - but my daughter does n't seem to care .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas . She is six years old and totally loves it . I had bought a National Geographic toy for my older daughter many years ago and was looking for something similar . This is as close as I could find . It is nicer than I thought it would be . Great value for the price .
 Who has not fantasized about jamming your hand up Cthuhlu 's rump roast and helping him spread madness among the foolish mortals ! One can even place your phalanges into his tentacles and make them writhe like the lost souls that he and his deep one minions consume . Great to cause nightmares in small children , the elderly , and torment foolish pets who dare approach Cthulhu !
 After promoting part of my show as raising the Elder god using pics of a giant Cthulhu destroying the set , doing the scene that led to this cute little guy being ` risen from the depths ' was the punch line that was needed . He was a big hit . : -RRB-
 Seldom do I have the pleasurable chance to review such an item with dual purposes of venerating the vengeful old god of destruction , Lord Cthulhu , and keeping ones toesies toasty warm . Indeed , this fabulous item has been calculated to generate the negative planar energy Mr. Cthulhu requires , while keeping ones feet -LRB- or nether tentacle-pods -RRB- warm on even the coldest mornings -LRB- or even the stygian blackness of the abyss at the gates of madness -RRB- . Try them today !
 Like many people , I am a secret member of an ancient and evil cult of worshippers of dark and peckish gods . I stumbled across this effigy of the most famous great old one purely by chance , searching for enough wicker to make a facsimile Edward Woodward for a home design project . I have to say I was delighted with what I received ; Brilliantly stitched and manufactured , this combines puppet combines lovability of a children 's toy with the all out horror of an alien being bent on the destruction of the universe . Well done Toy Vault , since our hand puppet arrived the children have been noticeably more terrified that the Great Old ones will devour their souls . Five Stars !
 Who doesnt love HP Lovecraft ! This toy is great ! I gave it as a gift to a friend of mine who just had a son . They play with it all the time .
 It will get the kids interested in reading H. P. Lovecraft early ! Lovecraft is about as good as early reading comes . Splendid !
 I really like this product . I use it to frighten Zeus/Jupiter and the other false gods . It must be working . Since I started placing this on my hand at night before falling asleep Zeus/Jupiter has stopped appearing to me as a vision in the form of a shower of light . So that means the unwanted sexual advances have stopped as well . A big win all around .
 Toy was bigger/nicer than I expected for the price and arrived quickly and in new condition . Very satisfied with buy .
 Got this as a stocking stuffer for my husband - it was much too big to fit in a stocking , I was delighted with the size ! It 's also excellent quality . My two-year-old adores it and insists on sleeping with the ` cweepy cuh-fweh-du . '
 I ordered this for my six year-old granddaughter as a Christmas present . She now thinks I walk on water and can change the weather . It seems well-made and she likes it . If it was made in the USA it would get five stars .
 This puppet is great.I use it regularly on my review show as a prop gag and it gets plenty of positive responses.It 's not to versatility , Cthulhu can only really move his face tentacles.Arguably , if you were to purchase the arm rods you can move those as well but he works fine as is .
 I purchased the earrings and necklace as a set . The stones are beautiful , paired with a perfectly matching crystal and cord -LRB- for the necklace -RRB- . Similar to turquoise but visually much more interesting !
 My daughter loves this ! She is 4.5 and is into art projects . She likes the hidden picture stencils . You trace one color and then turn the wheels and trace the next color and do it one more time and get a hidden picture . She did have to learn how to keep her pen in the moving wheel when making the flower pictures . It is a good fine moter skill.We used a pen that you can change colors with a click . -LRB- remember those back in the day ? You can still find them around ! -RRB- do one flower shape then use a different color on the same paper but with a different hole in the wheel or a different wheel altogether . It makes beautiful pictures . I grew up doing these pictures and I am glad I can share these memories with my daughter.I just wish it had a place to hold all of the pieces , but a quart size bag ziplock does the trick .
 my kids loved it for Christmas . It does brake really easy . it last as long as it does . great for young kids
 This is a quality shirt . My daughter is on an all star soccer team and loves this shirt . She is proud to play soccer and the shirt depicts the way she plays .
 My 11-year old absolutely loves his defense t-shirt ! Super fun shirt to show off is position ! If you want a unique gift for the soccer fanatic , this is the way to go !
 It is a nice T-shirt and I get a lot of comments about it from strangers . Overall the shirt is nice made of 100 % cotton and is pretty good quality with no shrinking . Transaction was smooth and fast delivery .
 We got a tambourine in the Hoehner Music Kit , but my older son accidentally stepped on it , breaking the drum membrane . It still worked as a tambourine , but my little one really like drumming on it . So I got the new one and it is very nice . Has a great sound and fun colors .
 This is a very nice tambourine . The colors are fresh , good construction overall . My son loves it , he can play `` drums '' on it too , so that 's an extra ! :-RRB- Not very loud , that 's an extra for Mom and Dad ! Overall I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 My 5 year and my 1 year both love this hamburger . The magnetic buns and patties make it easy for my 1 year to build his burger . The cheese and tomatos are made of felt . The only thing I do n't like are the fries ; they are tiny , attract dust easily , and they end up all over the house .
 My daughter who is 3 loves this . She put it with her kitchen stuff . There are magnets that hold the hamburger together
 The Melissa and Doug Lacing products are great , but dont order this bundle . There is something wrong with Amazon 's product code according to the customer service person I spoke to , so they keep only sending you one of the three items and then the ca n't send the third . Might be better to order seperate until they fix it . The two that I got are great .
 This is a great toy for all ages . The 2 year olds and the 4 year old loved it . The little ones spent a lot of time concentrating on the hand coordination needed but were delighted as they worked it out . Very sturdy item with plenty of pieces to go around for several little ones.Recommended !
 Great Quality , whimsical plush hat . I have a large head , and it fit without problems , even around the ears . I bought this to complete a halloween costume , and it absolutely made it . Very happy with the purchase .
 I bought this hat for my grown son to wear to our Colorado Renaissance festival . He is 6 ' 7 '' , and thin . He had the whole schmear going on , the cape , the hat , the staff , the popping fireworks ! He had people quoting lines from the movie at him all day , and many took pictures of/with him . He had a ball , it was his first festival , but Tim the Enchanter will return now , yearly . The hat was the hit of the day , though . It fit him well , was n't too hot , and it holds the shape really well . Oh , he also carried a killer rabbit , which all the girls wanted to pet .
 I bought this item for a special golf outing and it was a big hit ! The hat is well constructed , authentic looking compared to the original and very reasonably priced .
 So , they call you Tim , eh ? Well what can be said about this - it 's a toy hat made to look like a prop from one of the greatest movies of all nerd time . This is used for all manner sill things with us . It was hard to find for a while , but I have it , and I do so love it !
 This hat has 2 major side effects :1
 Just as advertised , no surprises , if you liked the movie you 'll love this product , we had so much fun running from the killer rabbit !
 I bought this as the basis for a quick and easy Halloween costume . It fit the bill just perfect . It is comfortable , even after a couple hours in a warm room . It is a good match for the prop from the movie and there are many who will call you `` Tim '' while wearing it . Seems durable but not washable , so use caution .
 Great hat ! Well made and perfect for all the Tim the Enchanter outfits out there . Plush design makes it lighter than the one John Cleese wore for the movie but that 's definitely a good thing .
 Although I can not imagine what the writers of Monty Python would do with the creation of Tim The Enchanter 's Wife , I am attempting to do that character at the next Renaissance festival in my area ... warts and all !!!! It 's visually very funny . Anyone wearing this hat or cap rather , must be strong in character to begin with . Anything for laughter !
 This is the perfect size for my two conures . When one needs to go to the vet for a check up . . The toy keeps the other company . Colors are prefect , the has no lose parts .
 Cute , cute real looking parakeet . Perfect for the child that longs for one , but ca n't have a real one . I was n't told the color to come , so that part was a surprise . Did n't really matter . This stuffed bird is more like the real thing in size and style . Not a `` beany '' type . The feet were only half wired , so you can not perch him like in the picture .
 If you 're not performing this trick as part of your show , even part of your opening , you 're really missing out!This trick is so easy to perform , yet looks like real magic . You spin a wand and tap it on something to show it is solid . Wrap it in newspaper , tear , and voila ! ... the wand has disappeared . You can reproduce it from wherever you like.Add to the effect by stuffing it with a silk before assembly !!
 This is one of my favorite themes and this book certainly helps fill the day with great projects . First there are individual color activities then books to read , -LRB- Mouse Paint by Ellen Stoll Walsh -RRB- and games to play . Loads of fun and lots to do . I would have given it five stars but some of the illustrations are really ugly ! : -RRB-
 I just wanted to have a few screws around just in case something fell out of my rc truck . The idea came to me when a screw fell out of the front end of my truck while out driving it around . I Had to stop my play time to go and search for a screw . This is a much better idea then going to the local hobby store and buying one at a time .
 this figure is very special.Emily the strange is now a toy that you can have for your own ! I got this toy as gift from one of my friends , and I love this very much.Emily has soft long black hair , a very nice cut , and as you know her , she has her short black dress and her black tights and her white maryjanes . She has a red and black stand that has Mystery 's face on it , and of course , Mystery is included ! Mystery has a white collar with a white star on it , she 's very cute . Emily has legs that can move , but her arms ca n't . She ca n't move like any other dolls , her legs ca n't bend and she ca n't sit down , but I love her anyway . Enjoy your own Emily with you at all times , and have a special friend that you know will always be there.now get strange or get lost!Emily The Strange , the stranger !
 My Jesus Rubber Duck arrived this morning , in excellent condition . It looks very much like the real , historical model , except for the backside which is avian , but there is some poetic accuracy in that , as Jesus walked on water . This celebriduck floats , too.To my great happiness , I found out that my dog loves Jesus . He could hardly wait till I took Jesus out of His box , and started tugging at Him violently . I had to fill in , for this review , `` How would you rate this toy 's educational value ? '' I gave it 4 stars , because when I say `` Fetch Jesus ! '' my dog immediately fetches Him , and after he has been chewing on Jesus peacefully all morning , I feel that my dog is somehow calmer , and happier , and somewhat more serious . This was very necessary , as my dog is usually pretty rough and tumble , and barks a lot .
 Since when were the Wizards last called the Bullets ? Well , Chris Webber was just starting out with them , if that 's any indication . :-RRB- This is an historic piece for that alone , though the Starting Lineup series being out of action for a while is probably more indicative of future collectability.I liked this piece for those facts , that it was in an old Bullets uniform and for a player who made his fame in Sacramento . It 's a neat piece to add to your collection , if you 're just an NBA fan , or if you 're one of the few Wizards/Bullets fans out there -LRB- like me -RRB- who remember great players that have graced our arenas with their presence . Definitely a must-add to your collection !
 My sister went to New York and all I got was this FANTASTIC trebuchet ! My son and nieces -LRB- ages 8 and 9 -RRB- have been playing with it for a week and it 's held up just fine . It 's sturdy , well constructed and works great . They 've been having target practices with the farm animals . Even though the giggle-value alone makes it worth the price , it 's a good toy , too .
 This is just a simple little plastic toy that actually launches the included cows , sheep , and ducks several feet ! Since my kids have seen the movie they really get into using this . The Wooden Rabbit is made of printed styrofoam , so it will stay in the packaging and out of the hands of my youngest child . The large cup on the Catapult can also be used to launch other small toys , and this may or may not be a good thing .
 or , as in my case ... 2 -LRB- or more -RRB- . I just happen to know many people who could use oneand trebuchet 's are hard to find ; particularly if they are fitted out with livestock.OK so this did n't add much to your knowledge of the product , BUT , know ye that these sell out and tend to acquire voluminous logs of back-orders at certain times of year -LRB- I had to wait months for mine -RRB- . And yes , it was worth it .
 This toy set was inspired by a scene in MONTY PYTHON AND THE HOLY GRAIL , a comedy film based on medieval history in England.First , let us review the positive attributes of this toy , which are abundant and compelling . The catapult is made of sturdy plastic , and the plastic has a `` thick feel '' to it . On the horizontal bar at the top of the catapult is a decal -LRB- or painted on -RRB- reading , `` YE OL' COWTAPULT . '' Where the wooden bars -LRB- actually made of plastic -RRB- of the catapult contact each other , what is painted on are silver hinges . In all , the catapult has ten silver hinges . These hinges are not actually used to connect the pieces of the catapult together -LRB- they are only simulated connections -RRB- . Best of all , the cowtapult actually works . It propels the cows , sheep , and ducks at least five or six feet across the room , in a high arcing trajectory . The wheels are firmly attached to the axles . Each wheel is painted with four silver spokes . Each wheel also has 14 simulated nails , which stick out about one half a millimeter . The `` motor '' of the cowtapult is a rubber band , but it is a fabric-covered rubber band , much like the fabric-covered elastic bands that girls and women use to fasten their hair.The catapult has fine details in the color . A crest or coat of arms is mounted on the right side and left side , configured from separate pieces of plastic , and the coat of arms is blue and white , and the coat of arms has picture of what appears to be a stylized drawing of a wolf . There are two flags , as mentioned above , and the flags are made of rubber , in order to prevent breaking . -LRB- If they were made of hard plastic , they would be expected to snap off . -RRB- The rubber flag poles each have a silver-painted tip , and the flags are painted pink on top and blue on the bottom.One of the best things about this kit , is the animals -- two cows , two sheep , and three ducks . The animals are made of hard rubber , not of plastic . This means that the animals are likely to survive -LRB- and not crack -RRB- in the event that somebody steps on it . The cows have a light-orange body , brown-painted horns , black Holstein patches , tiny black eyes , black hooves , and four nipples . The sheep are light gray , and the faces of the sheep are white -LRB- not gray -RRB- . The sheep have black eyes that are slanted -LRB- not just dots -RRB- . The ducks have three colors -- white body , yellow beak and yellow feet , and tiny black dots for eyes . As mentioned above , the animals are hard rubber , which invites affectionate squeezing , should the child or adult be possessed with the impulse to confer affectionate squeezing to the animals.And now , for the negative attributes . The catapult is only ten centimeters tall , measuring from the ground to the tip of the flag . There are two flags . The catapult is only 15.5 centimeters long . The Trojan rabbit is only 17.5 centimeters high , and the tip of the rabbit 's ears are clipped off , apparently to aid in packaging or in manufacturing . Another minus , is that the rabbit is not made of wood or plastic , but instead of styrofoam `` board '' coated with paper imprinted with color photographs of wooden logs -LRB- rabbit 's body -RRB- , or color paintings of wooden boards -LRB- for the neck and head , and wheels -RRB- . As a final word , the home hobbyist will likely be inspired to use the styrofoam Trojan rabbit as a model , and to construct a real wooden version out of straight twigs from a tree , and flat sheets of pine wood or balsa wood , acquired from a hobby store . As indicated above , the body of the Trojan rabbit , including the part of the body directly facing the ground , is imprinted with photographs of logs , and the home-hobbyist can easily construct this part of the rabbit using dried twigs .
 Sent to a Monty Python loving friend currently deployed `` Downrange '' . He LOVES this!Now has flying cows and sheep bombarding those unwary enough to enter his personal bunk zone :D .
 This is such a totally awesome toy !! I loved loved loved it ... til my then-4 year old got a hold of it and broke it . It 's fine if it 's used as a novelty toy for adults or older kids , but does n't stand up to the thrashings of a small child . Keep it out of the hands of LITLE kids and it 's great !
 I bought one for my husband , my brother , and my husband 's friend . It 's very entertaining , at least when my husband 's not aiming at my head or my coffee while I 'm working in our office . It does work better without the rubberband and amazingly the cow and other animals can reach heights of 15-20 feet -LRB- hit one of fluorescents in our shop when my 5-year-old son flung one without the band attached -RRB- . It 's truly a toy for the entire family ! Would travel well too if you wanted to take it to relatives ' houses and fling farm animals at the cousins . The trojan rabbit is a bit too cumbersome , but the other farm animals more than make up for it . And it 's fairly educational ; how often does one see a catapult these days ? In the interest of being humane , I might look for a piano to fling instead the poor farm animals -LRB- reminiscent of `` Northern Exposure '' -RRB- .
 This catapult set from Monty Python is again another hilarious item ... it tosses cows . Never did get a TWISTER movie toy set where some cowgets blown into the air . This makes up for it .
 Took about 45 minutes to put together and have n't rode on yet . But the gadgets are great , especially the lawnbox thingy at rear . Stickers on wheels are starting to loosen so definitely get a bottle of glue .
 My son got this for his 3rd birthday as well as alot of other spongebob stuf and he thinks it is the greatest table . The chairs have locks on them so it wont fold on your kid , and the umbrella is adjustable . All in all it is a cute table , that will get plenty of use
 This product is well made . It is safe . It allows my two year old to figure out shapes and how things fit together .
 My daughter really wanted a Diary/Journal for Christmas so I purchased this one . She loves the lock and key feature and the picture on the front is perfect for her , a horse lover !
 This was a Christmas gift for my Granddaughter . She was so pleased with it . The diary was as described and come quickly .
 Eeboo makes the greatest items for kids . The quality is great and the company has wonderful artists design their items .
 We love Eboo products ! They are well made , gently colored , and so lovely ! This diary is simply perfect . My five year old loves the cover and the pages inside are just as cute . It came with two keys and I keep one on my keychain so she can always get it open again . She carries it around like the special treasure that it is . As with all Eboo products we have purchased , this diary is well made and worth the price . -- Scallywaginc
 Very nice quality and design bought this for a Xmas gift for my future son in law and I 'm sure he will be very pleased as am I.
 I got this for my husband for chrismas and he loved it but the only down side to it is it has no place to put the men
 I got this for my nephew for his 15th birthday . I shipped it to him so I never saw it live but he loved it .
 I bought one of these for my son , and it 's a good toy , pretty easy to put together , fun to ride , but we also got him one of the Mower Ride-Ons , Lil ' Buddys My First Mow It Tractor Ride Onand he LOVES that one ! From an adult perspective , they 're practically the same toy , but the riding mower has grass that flies around on the back in a little attachment , and he LOVES to pretend he 's mowing the yard like his father . They 're both good toys , but I 'd recommend the tractor ride on more .
 Bought this for our five-year old son for Christmas . He loves it ... plays with it every day . He ca n't wait to get home and start a new adventure . We also bought some of the characters to go with the ship -LRB- Jack Sparrow , Davy Jones , and the Kraken -RRB- . I do n't think the ship is that much fun by itself , but combined with the other components this makes a great toy . It combines building with the lego-like pieces , and pretend play with the characters . Ship and components come apart but are easily put back together . Seems very durable to me . We will be buying more components soon .
 I really like this but I would n't call it a toy . This is a slightly poseable model with a stand . For that , it 's neat to have in a Harry Potter collection . However , mine arrived with a broken arm for the added pieces of the of the Death Figure . That 's not important enough for me to return or exchange the model , but it is worth noting . Also , the right eye is n't centered in the glasses . The rims seem a bit too large for the face . The small wand is detailed and fits tightly into the hand -LRB- which I think is better than fitting loosely . The arms raise and lower , the waist twists , the hands twist at the wrists , and the head twists , but the arms and legs are rigged and not poseable . The base is a nice feature . Harry will stand on his own without the base if desired.To be nit-picky , There are some white places on the sweater where the paint did n't cover and the stripes do n't match up around the base of the sweater .
 This is another action figure I 've collected from the Harry Potter series . I like Harry in this . He 's a little bit older and into the darker side of the HP series . Fun for my collection . A `` must '' for any Harry Potter fan .
 I bought this toy for my 1-year old grandson . It is a perfect toy for him to ride on and the extra features are fun for him also .
 I bought this for a lewd Halloween costume , thinking I would donate it to the blind homeless after Halloween was over , but Noooooo ! I ended up keeping this beautifully crafted schnauzer to myself and naming her Galoshes . She is soft and warm , never requires feeding , and has only made dirt once on the carpet . Ok twice . I simply could n't let go of such an obedient little puppy . The homeless will have to survive without her !
 My girlfriend lost her dog in January of 2006 and she loved her Schnauzer dearly . It broke my heart . We are not in a position yet where we can own a dog -LRB- the college life -RRB- So I wanted to get her something that would always remind her of her dog . I looked everywhere and found this Plush Dog from Douglas . She absolutely loves how soft it is and how well made it is . She put her dog 's collar on it . It 's a wonderful gift that any body , child , boy , or girl , or dog lover would enjoy . EG
 WELL WORTH IT !!! We lost our schnauzer and this was a great comfort to my 9 yr . old daughter as a remembrance . Looks very real
 It does n't roll great but my 2 1/2 year old does n't care . This is one of his favorite characters and now toys . He takes it to bed with him every night.Word of advice , do n't allow it in the sandbox . The sand gets into it and the button to operate the blade does n't work , it sticks . But again , my 2 1/2 year old does n't mind at all .
 Byron the bulldozer was just a fun addition to my son 's Thomas and Friends collection . He enjoys pushing the button to watch the moving parts . Well put together , and has a magentic back , so it can `` tow '' the other toys .
 If your little one is a fan of Thomas the Tank Engine and Friends , you 've no doubt seen the episodes featuring construction vehicles like bulldozers.Byron is a giant bulldozer capable of moving tons of dirt . His size , strength and skills are very impressive -- and he knows it ! He does n't like to waste his talents on jobs which he thinks are beneath him in importance.Like Jack and Alfie , Byron is made of plastic . His `` caterpillars '' are made of rubber and are movable , and if you press down on the back , the scooper moves up and down.If you 're familiar with the wooden trains by Learning Curve , you may be a bit disappointed that characters like Jack and Byron are made of plastic.If your child enjoys construction vehicles , he/she will no doubt love Byron . My son is very happy that he added Byron to his collection !
 My grandson is very much a Thomas fan -- and he is thoroughly enjoying the bulldozer . It is a great addition to the trains . We really like the wooden version to this collection -- as opposed to the newer plastic ones . Hope they keep making wooden ones.Thomas And Friends Wooden Railway - Byron the Bulldozer
 Adds to my grandsons collection of Thomas & his Friends Wooden Railway set . He like to play with them all day . Along with the Thomas movies .
 This purchase was a gift for a great grandchild . His mother welcomed it as another addition to the train collection they are acquiring for him . I know he enjoys pushing toys along the wooden track .
 You do n't have to go to the toy store and buy the expensive Thomas tracks , these work with and just as good at a fraction of the cost . Thank again my grandchildren love them
 I think this is a very nice set for the price . It 's well constructed and the fact that you can just flip the board over , dump all the pieces in , and fold it in half means even my 9 year old can easily keep it put away when not in use -LRB- and not lose pieces -RRB- . The pieces are smallish , but the description is accurate so you know what you 're getting . I think it 's a very acceptable and well-made first chess set .
 I 'm very happy with this chess set , which I purchased for my 8-year-old . He 's new at chess and this set is value priced and fairly well constructed for a child . The board surface is small , so you 'll want to consider the measurements provided in the description to estimate what you 'll be getting . I found the pieces to be fine and the folding board with storage is convenient and easy for a child to handle . Overall this is a great choice for an entry level player . Older and more experience players will definitely want to look at more pricey , larger , and higher quality models.UPDATE , October 2011
 Classic Wood Chess SetI bought this as a gift and I could n't be more pleased . I could n't believe that you could get a quality hand carved chess set with an inlaid wooden board that is also used as a storage box with clasp for the price I paid -LSB- ... -RSB- . Highly recommended as a gift for your budding chess master.Gunner July , 2008
 I was looking for an inexpensive , but nice , chess set and this was the one . My son has played many games of chess since Christmas and is loving this set . It seems to be durable and I like how the pieces are stored inside . I would buy another .
 I really like this chess game . The format is really practical if you want to take it places of if you live somewhere where you ca n't have it on display all the time . Even thought it 's box chess set , it does n't feel cheap or bad quality . The pieces are heavy and look good.The only thing I would have liked is to have an actual durable pouch to put the pieces in , instead of just a plastic one . A fabric pouch would have gotten this set 5 stars.Pros : - practical - feels more expensive than actual price - does n't take much room - sturdyCons : - plastic pouch
 This is not the fanciest chessboard , but it is a perfect place to start when teaching children to play . It folds up nicely for storage . The size of the pieces are a fair compromise between `` ease-of-use '' and `` not-taking-up-too-much-space-when-not-used '' .
 A great chess set for the money . The pieces and the board both feel solid and the pieces all fit nicely in the folded board when not in use .
 I like to play chess and this set is portable , nice size 1ftX1ft , and sleek wood conditions . Your probably not going to find a better deal for a portable chess set like this .
 Got this chess set for a group of my friends . They seem to like it , but regardless of that , it 's a nice simple chess set with a lot of character .
 My 5-year son loves it.The only problem is the smell . The size is good , and it does n't take much space .
 For a traveling chess set , this was nice . It 's not the standard size of a chess set and it 's not too small , but perfect for traveling around with . Quality of the board , case , and chess pieces are excellent . And a very affordable price .
 We used this chess game to teach students how to play chess . We also used it as a giveaway for certain events . Great quality wood chess game to give as a prize . The price is great as is the quality .
 This is a great chess set . I like these wooden ones , they just look so classic ! They 're great for travel too since the board folds and latches in place and you can fit all the pieces inside .
 We received this set for our son and are VERY impressed for the price . It appears to be well-made , the pieces are all there and made in a consistent quality . I LOVE the fact that the board folds together for storage , and the inside is lined with fabric , making it even nicer . Honestly , not sure what all the complaints have been about - the size is perfect -LRB- not big , but definitely not a `` travel size '' -RRB- , and for something that is such a low price I 'm very impressed with the quality - it reminds me of the set that my dad has been using since high school . If you 're looking for a large set that takes up a lot of room , this is n't for you . If you 're looking for a set with true `` black and white '' pieces , it 's not for you -LRB- the pieces are made of wood , so why would you expect that ?! -RRB- If you just want a decent set to use that 's not made with cheap plastic pieces and a cardboard playing board , this set is definitely worth it !
 The chess set is great as a larger travel size set . Make sure to see the product dimensions as I forgot to and found the set smaller than I expected hence I now use it as a travel set .
 Bought this for 8 yr . old grandson and he was quite happy with it . He taught me to play chess also .
 I work midnights and my brother works day shift . We set it up on the dining room table , I 'll make a move when I get a chance and he makes a move when he gets a chance . The pieces and the board are both well made . It is easy to pack up when you 're done and take it anywhere you want .
 I got this for my 8 year old and he loves it . We have played several games on it and have even taken it to Grandmas house . The pieces are good weight and fit inside the board when folded making it easy to carry etc. .
 This was a great quality for the price . My brother is on the chess team and admired the fact that he can pack up this chess set and take it wherever he goes . The pieces are of solid wood , as is the board . It 's not marble by any means but it 's definitely worth the price and does the job .
 This is always a great game , and the board and the pieces ahave good size and are excelent for a kid
 It is purfect for a little chess player . My brother loves it and it folds up so its easy to store . The description is exaclty what I got .
 I play most of my chess games on computer -LRB- either solo or against another player -RRB- , but occasionally I like to play chess with a traditional board if I 'm teaching someone or if we 're playing casually . When I was in the market for a board , I knew I wanted something fairly traditional and without frills . I did n't need or want a tournament board , and I wanted something I could tote with me easily . This board fit everything I was looking for.The board itself is a simple but attractive bi-fold box with inlaid tiles . The board is on the smaller side , but is big enough to play without knocking other pieces over . The interior of the box has a cheap brown felt lining which covers the top and bottom of the storage compartment . The compartment is not partitioned for individual pieces . The pieces come in two plastic bags , which is how I recommend keeping them -LRB- unless you 're unmoved by the prospect of the pieces banging around in the storage compartment -RRB- . The hinges and lock on the box are fairly strong , too.The pieces themselves are serviceable . They 're attractive but plain , somewhat lightweight , with a felt bottom . They 're heavy enough to stay put , but that 's about all I can say about the pieces . The one thing I liked about them was there was no bishop/pawn ambiguity which seems to be present on other sets . Also , since white and black -LRB- maple and rosewood , actually -RRB- are quite different in shade , you wo n't get the other player 's pieces mixed up with yours . As ridiculous as that may sound , I have that issue on glass boards with clear and frosted pieces.If you 're not expecting an extravagant showpiece board , you 'll get a lot of mileage from this set . It is simple and plain , to be sure , but it distills the game down to its essential elements only , which to me is where the true enjoyment of chess lies .
 I bought this to initiate my son to play chess . I wanted a wooden one for longevity as well as safety -LRB- another toddler in house -RRB- . The size is good . The pieces are stable . The box provides the space to keep the pieces , so less chance of losing any of them
 This is a very well mad chess board and looks very nice . It is a little smaller then I thought it would be but still very nice .
 I purchased this chess set , because it looked like the one my father and I played on when I was little . It 's priced right , it 's of a good size , a cross between easy to carry and easy to play with .
 Good quality . No issues with the game . bought it for my husband . like that you can fold it easily and all the pieces stay put . picked this board so that my toddler could n't get a hold of the pieces . she has n't yet ! it is a little smaller than i expected , but it 's not too small . you can easily bring it camping or on a trip .
 Ive used this chess set for two years now , taking in everywhere , playing with it on the ground , and it is still in beautiful shape . Great Buy ! you wont regret it !
 The board came in in good condition . All the pieces were there . I bought the board just to play chess not for it to look nice and pretty so I wanted the pieces to be nice a durable vice pretty and fragile . If you are looking for a chess board as a beginner and just want something you do n't have to worry about breaking this is it .
 This set is well sized , well made , beautiful wood colors , and nigh indestructible.It comes with a full sets of pieces , white and black -LRB- and a plastic bag for each , but not the built-in slots some travel sets have -RRB- and a solid folding board with a single metal latch . I have n't noticed any defects in the construction , it 's perfectly smooth , and sits flat on any flat surface . That 's still true even after the rough life my set has had!I recently replaced my normal table set because I 've been traveling a lot , and this set has made everywhere I 've stopped for a game feel like a comfortable game at home with my dad .
 I have been searching for a wooden chess set for my 7 year old boy . This is the ticket ! Go ahead and get this . Sure it looks a little cheap . But , the pieces are wooden , and they seem just fine . I love how the set folds over to store the pieces . For 14.99 , this is a bargain !
 I got this for a Christmas present for my niece . It seems durable enough for a child to use.It was a good buy . It showed up quickly too .
 This is a pretty good chess set for what I paid for it . I did n't expect a chess set worthy of Grandmaster match play so I did n't have absurd expectations . I like the fact that the board is made of wood -LRB- or some form of wood composite -RRB- , that it folds up for easy travel and storage , and that the chess pieces are also wood . What I fould a little odd is that the dark pieces are brown , not black -- and the stain seems a bit washed out , almost watercolor-ey in appearance . Of course , this does n't impact our play , so for me it 's not that big of a deal . Do n't expect a high quality set and you wo n't be disappointed . But it 's a fair deal for the money .
 This chess board is nice and class and is a nice size . The only strange thing is that the knights look like scotty dogs .
 I just wanted to drop by and say that I love this chess set . I took up the game ... well , I learned how to play over 15 years ago , but I started playing seriously about three months ago as a way to curb my smoking addiction . Chess takes a lot of time to get good at and I 'm by no means a grandmaster , but if you 're willing to let it consume your time you 'll be a better player .
 Very nicely made , inexpensive chess set . great for traveling -LRB- not in use while traveling but taking places -RRB- it is about the size of a book when closed . Make the board the box that holds the pieces ensures i dont lose them either . the pieces are very easily distiniguishable as to what they are . Also comes with set up instructions and game instructions -LRB- not that i need them but its nice to have -RRB-
 If you are looking for a travel toy but do n't want to skimp on the size this is perfect . It is n't large but it is n't small . The convience of having the board close , lock and storage is great . I take this to get togethers and easily pull it out from the closet at my home .
 I got this game for a relative in a nursing home . I liked that it was self contained and durable and compact to store . I liked its traditional colors and material composition . It came promptly too . thanks for offering it !
 We bought the same product a year ago for another grandchild , the experience with it was pretty good the girl enjoyed the challenge of learning this game and we noticed that she developed an interesting care when keeping the figures in each of the plastic boxes and inside the wood box , she said game was so good that she wanted to keep it safe for every next playing , and so she did . This time is other grandchild bzday and as she also shows interest for new challenges we bought again the same chess set model . She loved it and as the other one keeping the game safe in its box for next time is became her way of care for it . Our recommendation is this set not only provides children interest in games with challenge but also contributes to make young children more conscious about keeping in good care their belongings . As a final comment product vs price is a very good deal .
 Nice low price medium quality set for quick games on the go or have take up very little shelf space .
 It is perfect for children 8 & up . Sturdy made , easy storage . Perfect first chess board for beginning Bobby Fishers .
 This chess set is the go-to toy from last Christmas for my 9 year old son . The wood board is nicely inlaid and the wood pieces are carved well . The pieces do fall over easily so heavier pieces would be nice but this does n't change how we like it . It is also very portable with all of the pieces fitting inside the box . I would recommend this for a beginning chess set .
 Nothing too fancy , and I considered buying a fancier model -LRB- where &#34; fancy &#34; is defined as larger pieces and marble rather than wood -RRB- , and that still might be nice someday , but for the price , it ca n't be beat , and my six year is happily improving his chess skills .
 I ordered this for my brother who use to play chess with his son when he was a boy . It was given to him on Christmas . His son , my nephew came home for Christmas from the Army and they enjoyed playing together like old times .
 Bought it for an eight year old and he was delighted . I thought it was worth the price . -LRB- two words -RRB-
 Again , this was a Christmas gift for our grandson . He thinks it 's great . Just what he wanted and it 's good for a youngster .
 My grandson really likes it because it drives but slowly so I can keep up . We even found out yesterday that the gas tank makes noise when he uses the gas can to put `` pretend '' gas in the tank .
 My Daughter loved this toy when she was little , so we decided to get one for our son . It 's the first toy he goes for ! We 've had it for a month and it 's still his favorite . It 's perfect for young children -LRB- 12 months -RRB- and it 's slow enough to use in the house . The only word of caution that I have is make sure ` big ' kids do n't ride on it . Our daughter 's broke after an 8 year old rode it around the house -LRB- they were just a bit too heavy -RRB- .
 My husband bought this Hot Wheel Impala for his collection of of toy cars . He loves it and takes care of his rare finds such as this .
 This stuffed cobra is just adorable ! It has the king-cobra 's trademark - the horeshoe-like spots and loop . I also like it because it 's small enough for children to take around with them , and fits easily into a purse or carry bag . And it does n't take up a lot of room in the car , but it 's not so small that it 's easy to lose . Great for snake-lovers , especially because the king coba is truly unique among all the different species of snakes . Hissss !
 THIS PRODUCTS WAS PURCHASE WITH LOVE , FOR A CHILD THAT IS FANATIC TO REY MISTERIO AND HE HAS A SICK CONDITION .
 I have a daughter who loves playing `` tea '' with her American Girl dolls . However , the matching tea set is extremely expensive for something my children will not take proper care of . This is a perfect substitute . It is reasonably priced and durable . My daughter loves this for her and her dolls .
 I knew how tiny this set was when I bought it . I am buying a second because I watch my two young granddaughters on the same day and they argue over it . The item featured on the cup matches the story of the individual princesses on the saucer . The pot has a proper lid . Delighted .
 Our 5 year old daughter loves these toys ! It brings out great imagination and creativity . Remember there are alot of tiny pieces so keep this toy and the accessories away from infants and toddlers !
 After my 7-year-old daughter had been playing Littlest Pet Shop on the wii for a few weeks , I bought her two LPS pet figures to keep up her interest in the game . This led to more and more pet characters who ultimately needed a home . The LPS Pet Town proved perfect both in size and in price -LRB- at least from Amazon sellers -RRB- . While my daughter does n't play the wii game any more -LRB- it 's too easy for her age and becomes repetitive after a couple of weeks -RRB- , she is still in love with the Pet Town and plays with it every day , inventing situations and stories for her LPS pets . Since the moving Gondolas do not require batteries , that 's an added bonus . The clockwork mechanism does have a habit of not working correctly all the time . You wind the key and then press it down to get the Gondolas moving but a lot of times the Gondolas stop moving when you release the key and you have to press it another couple of times for it to `` stick '' and keep going -LRB- small niggle there -RRB- . The lift , accessories , scooter and included pets make for a lot of fun from what I see and although not really supposed to be `` educational '' in value , it lets the kids ' imagination run wild leading to a lot of creative thinking . In my opinion this toy is worth the money just for the creativity factor but I think this will work only if children have played the console game because then they can associate the toy with the game background and continue from there . I do n't think it would be so much fun if bought as a gift without the kids having played the console game , although kids always seem to have a huge amount of surprises in stock and may prove me wrong . I have no qualms for having bought this toy for my child and hope you will have the same experience .
 This item is very durable and stays together well.My daughter has played with this alot and we have had no problems.I highly recommend this toy for the Pet Shop lover .
 My Daughter got this when she was 3 and is now 5 and is still getting lots of enjoyment out of it .
 This toy was the beginning of my 7yo daughter 's discovery and subsequent love of LPS . She has had hours and hours of play out of this . The Gondalas are the main feature -LRB- no batteries !! -RRB- and the whole ` town ' is often transformed into a Motel/Hotel with each of the ` rooms ' accommodating guests . We have the Cafe adjoining and the park and next birthday is about to see the addition of the Get Well Centre . Surprisingly -LRB- I thought this was for younger kids -RRB- the LPS and in particular this town which is our main toy from the LPS , has been a winner . We got this really cheap , for the price we paid it 's been well worth it .
 My daughter really likes this -LRB- she 's going through a Littlest Pet phase -RRB- and it does have lots of fun gadgets included .
 My 3 girls LOVE this playset and will play with it for hours on end . It entertains my 5 year old as well as my 8 and 10 year old . It is well made and very cute . It is not so huge that you have a difficult time storing it .
 Of the LPS playsets my daughter owns , this one gets the most use . She likes that it has various spots into which she can place multiple figures , so it feels more like a `` home '' for the animals . The moving baskets at the top are usually reserved for the more important figures , but my daughter takes the time to allow each animal a turn . This is what makes this playset worthwhile -- she actually uses it for extended periods and it prompts her to come up with scenarios for her animals . There are very few things that can get lost , except that the baskets sometimes come off , requiring adult intervention .
 With the house this set makes a world of LPS land that a child can be entertained and you do n't need anything else . This has enough places to house a lot of pets . My kids get this one out every time they play . Definitely my best choice after the house of course .
 I have a 4-year old daughter and a 2-year old son , and they both love playing with this . My daughter got it for Christmas , and has played with it every day since . The `` seat '' of the elevator comes off often but is easy to click back on . So far nothing else has broken -LRB- and my kids tend to be a little rough with toys -RRB- .
 My six-year old sister is obsessed with littlest play shop and I was able to buy this on sale for 15 dollars . It 's by far one of the toys i 've seen her play with the most since she got it . She does n't have any of the little shops that you snap on to the sides , but i do and loves to use them . She also has some other bunny diner shop that snaps on that she 'll use from time to time . I think snapping them in to place is a little difficult for her and might be why she does n't use the bigger one . The only problem I 've had with the toy is the turning swings . You have to turn the handle for quite some time then push it down , only to have it go around about 2 and half times , if that . I keep thinking it 's broken but it still works . It might just be that 's how far you can wind it to go , but there 's no audiable sound to let you know that . Still even though I think it should be spinning around like a merry-go-round and throw all the pets into orbit , my sister does n't seem to mind and that 's what 's important .
 My six-year-old Littlest Pet Shop collector loves this toy she received for Christmas today ! Before she had this she had setup her own town using the pet nooks and other accessories , so she is thrilled to have a place to use the nooks . She enjoys playing with the baskets that help them travel around , the elevator and stairs .
 If your child is still in that phase where they line up all their toys , this is the toy for you . We bought it for our 3-year old daughter , but my five-year-old son was in there playing with her for quite awhile , too.The little animals are very cute . -LRB- This set includes 2 animals , so buy the 10-pack to go with it . -RRB-
 Provided lots of fun for my baby especially during the stage when he started pulling up and standing on his own . He 's now cruising and he 's having fun going around the toy . The little toys caught his attention - keeping him busy for a really long time . If you have one of the play yards , I would not recommend placing this toy so close to the `` fence '' as your baby would probably try to climb up on this to go over the fence especially if you have a pretty adventurous baby .
 I bought my son this learning table and the more recent one that you can buy in stores . My son defnately favors this one over the newer version . It 's a shame they stopped making this one .
 very pleased with this purchase ... i have a 9 mo old and a two year old and the two of them play with this alot . they have a great time playing together with it , so i has a very versital age appeal which is nice ... because i intially purchased it for the 9 mo old since he was stand up to things and wanting to play , i figured it would be interesting to him to have a table to stand at with things to play with ... but my two yr old has just as much fun with it as well ... an added bonus !
 I bought this table at a consignment sale for just a few dollars . It became the best baby purchase we made . My son LOVED it from day 1 . He started playing with it when he was about 5 months old & still loves it at 14 months old . He would lay under it , sit in front of it , and now he stands & walks around it . There are a lot of things to do . Unfortunately , the internal components are n't liquid-proof . I gently sprayed it off when there was cracker drool , dog hair , etc. on it and it no longer works . My father took the entire thing apart & the computer memory board inside is corroded . I feel terrible that I broke it . My son still goes over to it and does n't seem to understand why it does n't work any more . I want to get a new one but they are SO expensive new .
 This Toy has everything possible for a baby
 My daughter got this table on her 1st birthday . Today she is over 3 years old and it STILL gets played with!The few things that I found wrong with it - a few of the alphabet letters do n't work . They stopped working almost immediately after we first got it.There 's also the hand getting stuck in the ball dropper issue . While my daughter did n't have that problem , I can see where some children might stick their hand down the tube and get it stuck or hurt.I never had any issues with it falling on her , as some people mentioned.All in all , it is a great educational toy that she still plays with . When we got it , it was around $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , so the current selling price is crazy !
 We shopped around for a decent price but though pricey , we paid 80 , it is well worth the money . This toy is not only a favorite for birthday parties but still is played with weekly by our 3 yr old and 1 yr old . Our boy uses it as a ramp for cars , a bridge for toys as well as a way to sing the abc 's , and my girl is learning her textures and how to place the ball in the shoot . If there is only one toy you buy this year , it should be this one .
 Musical toys can make parents nuts . It 's a fact . For whatever reason , LeapFrog 's music toys - and particularly this learn-around playground - are tolerable while acting as excellent learning toys . Now 2 , our daughter was given this toy at 7 months . She learned to pull up on it , used it to stand and balance and cruise , and continues to play with it to this day with no sign of letting up . It 's helped with gross motor skills , musicality , coordination , balance , ABC basics - you name it . One of the best , most enduring toys we 've purchased . Highly recommended .
 Having seen how much a friend 's child loves this playground , I researched prices . Walmart and Toys R US apparently sells it for $ 60 -LRB- not even on sale ! -RRB- . Why is this ?
 The only complaint I have about this is that the two modes are easily switched between with a little device on top of the table . My son just likes to flip the device back and forth which drives me nuts ! I would love it if the switch were underneath or harder to move so only an adult could change it.That said , my son got this for Christmas when he was just over a year old and loved it immediately . He loves the tunnel and all the things you can press , spin and push . I like the learning mode best for him . It says colors and numbers and the alphabet , textures , and shapes . There is so much going on with this table and it is so smart , knowing what color balls are going down the tunnel -LRB- Still have n't figured out how it knows this , LOL -RRB- The musical mode is fun too but there is not much education on this mode , it is mainly for fun , with different instrument sounds and songs , and will be cool when he is 2 or 3 I 'm sure .
 I got this for my daughter at 8 months and 6 months later she still plays with it everyday . We saw a benefit immediately when she used it for standing . We really feel it helped her with leg coordination and balance . *** Warning *** This toy is not the most stable when leaned against . We keep it diagnol in a corner so that it ca n't tip over . This toy has fallen over and backwards on top of our daughter . No harm done , but it does scare her . Even now , if not up against something , she easily pushes it over.This toy `` teaches '' : NumbersLettersColorsOppositesRhymingTexturesCause & EffectAND MORE ... My daughter still finds new ways for this toy to entertain her . She loves the music , she loves putting the balls down the slide , she 's had phases where she HAS to flip the little `` change-mode '' book , or she must push down the frog.I would recommend buying this at 6-10 months and will last a loooong time . I do n't see how someone could be disappointed with this toy . It is well worth the money for the hours and hours of `` entertainment '' -LRB- a.k.a. peace and quiet ... sort of -RRB- !
 My son loves this toy , and has since about five months . I agree that it can be a little unstable , but at one now he does n't have a problem with that and loves it still . You should note that there is a recall on this because several children have gotten a bruise by putting their arm in the ball shoot . I got the shoot topper from LeapFrog offered to correct the problem -LRB- no problem when I called ; arrived quickly -RRB- , however , once you put it on the ball shoot does n't work . We have n't put it on since he loves dropping the ball in the shoot so much ; we just keep an eye on him . I 've never seen him try to put his hand or arm in there .
 We were skeptical of this toy when we first got it ; wanted to send it back , in fact . But it grew on us , and our 6-month-old daughter . Now she 's 13 months and still spends some time with it every day . Its versatility makes it the anchor of our growing stash of toys.Part of the reason we were disappointed at first , though , was that it 's rather limited unless you attach the four legs . The toy 's literature claims it can be fun when the `` keyboard '' portion is just sitting on the floor , for babies who ca n't yet sit up on their own , but certain functions -LRB- like the small letters of the alphabet -RRB- do n't operate without the legs . Once our daughter was able to sit up and we put the legs on , we found a huge variety of songs , recorded rhymes , and noises . The computer in this toy is amazing . The other day it said something we had n't even heard before.Someone else wrote that the toy did n't announce the color of each of the three balls once they 're tossed down the chute . The only problem we 've had is that it occasionally gets it wrong , but the kid does n't notice -LRB- I would n't be relying on this to teach your child numbers and letters anyway -RRB- . The `` learning playground '' function is definitely quieter . When the `` musical playground '' bit gets going , there 's a constant beat , and that gets old . But this is compensated by the five levers beneath the number keys . Touch them and you get different kinds of harmonicas . This is just an ingenious toy.A similar toy from Leap Frog is the `` Learn & Groove Musical Table , '' which is square-shaped . A friend has one of these , and it might even be superior to the Playground . It seems less likely to tip over , and unlike the Playground , can be enjoyed equally from all sides .
 My son loves this toy . We got it for him when he started pulling up on things and he loved all the sounds and the music . He figured out the balls right away and that keeps him busy for a long time . He just discovered the keys underneath play the harmonica music . He will hit them and smile while they make music . I can see that this will grow with him as well . Once he is walking and no longer needs the table for stability , he will still be able to use it for letters and numbers . I found this online at another web-site , and went to several stores to try and see it in person . Could n't find it , but was pleasantly surprised to find it here for less than the other site and with free shipping . This is a great toy . As other reviews noted , it does tend to slip on hard surfaces , but we just put some `` grippy '' tape on the bottom and that seemed to fit it . Other than that we are delighted .
 I 'm really pleased with this toy . I did n't want one that would fall over easy or that spoke Spanish . I just wanted a simple toy that my son would enjoy for longer than 5 minutes.This is it . My 13 month old can pull himself up easily on it and play with it . I do lean it against the wall since it would slide on the hardwood floors but we have n't had any problems with it . He keeps going back to it to play with it and it 's one of the first toys he plays with in the morning . I think that because it does so many things he does n't get bored easily . It does alphabet and numbers as well as colors and texture and shapes . Then you can switch it to do music -LRB- which he loves to dance to -RRB- and the keys all light up which grabs his attention . My 4 year old enjoys playing with it as well .
 We originally bought this toy for our 5-month old but as it turns out our 3-year old likes it as well . Our baby likes to lie on the floor and play with the keys and pulleys and our preschooler likes to play the keyboard and other gadgets on the top . It has provided hours and hours of entertainment for both of them and it also helps with motor skills and learning letters , numbers , and colors . We love it !
 Yes , this item was recalled but the ones they are selling now are not part of the recalled set . That was all taken care of , they would n't still be selling the recalled ones anymore !
 We got this for our 9 month old after she was drawn over and again to it at a friend 's . Our daughter can not stand by herself yet but we have had no problems with her pulling up on it . We are using it on carpeted surfaces and it remains upright when she pulls up.I popped the tube topper in not realizing it is intended as a permanent `` fix . '' Since we had n't let our daughter play with the toy without that in , we decided to take it out and see how she does . We took the yellow ball trough off , then unscrewed the chute . It is two pieces screwed together in several pieces . Once that was done , we could pull the two halves gently apart and access the bottom of the topper . A little push with the screwdriver popped it back out . Now we can reserve the topper for use in the instance it is truly needed .
 My son loves this . He was just learning to pull himself up , so not only did it help him with this , he really gets a kick out of the spinner , flipping the book and hitting the tabs on the bottom . It 's well worth the price
 I bought this product instead of the normal standing playgrounds because it can be used while sitting as well . It seems to be very efficient on battery use and the sound can be turned down . My daughter can play with this toy for much longer spans because there are so many different things to do . Setup was so easy that it took maybe 5 minutes . I definitely recommend this product . It has a much longer life span then most other toys .
 There 's so much to see and do with this toy that your toddler will be entertained for hours on end . Very fun and educational as well , this item should prove to be an essential and successful tool for early development . Finally , something to keep the kids busy long enough for mom/dad to run quite a FEW errands , rather than just ONE ; P
 This is a very active entertaining product . It is very stimulating . I am having a problem believing it is appropriate for the younger age group . My baby is not yet sitting up and there is barely enough room for her to lye beneath it . I would consider it more appropriate for 9 months being the youngest age . Otherwise no complaints .
 We purchased this toy for our 1 year old son for Christmas . It is one of his favorite toys . He already had the Leap Frog Table and enjoyed that so we thought this would be perfect and it is . It would also be great for younger children . There is so much to do , learn and explore . There are two sound levels and the music and voices are not obnoxious or annoying . It is sturdy and colorful and offers a variety of initeractive play . It is well worth the price and I can see him using it for a long time . I would recommend it to anyone .
 I 'm really glad I got this for my daughter . She absolutely loves it ; spinning the topper , pushing the numbers , letters etc. I do agree with the review about the ball chute post recall . It 's not that fun since the balls have nowhere to go now . As for the table falling over this has not happened with us . I do have it up against something for support though .
 No problems . Great toy . A little unstable , but I do n't think it would hurt a child if it was pulled down on them . No problems with the buttons not working . It was less than 1/3 of the price new , though . And for a recalled toy , I would n't pay this .
 Learn-around playground is a great toy!We just love this toy and play together with my baby boy .
 This is a great toy . It has two differnet settings that you can put it on , also volume control . I got this for my 7 month old and it helped her learn how to walk . She can walk around it and pull her self up . It is colorful and fun . This is a great addition to any child 's collection of toys .
 My 9 month old son got this toy a month ago and he loves it ! He loves the ball popper and the fact that he can cruise around it . I like that it is durable and keeps him entertained . It is a lot of stimulation at once , I wish there was a way to calm it down a bit . He pushes all the buttons at once and it can be a lot . Overall , we love it !
 What a great product . My kid loves this toy . I am buying another for a friend who recently had another child . I whole heartedly recommend this product for babys 0-2 years old . I do n't know if it is suitable for older children because I do not have any older children .
 My ten month old cruiser discovers new things to do with this toy everyday and the music mix is really diverse , so we are n't getting burnt out on it .
 My 9 month old daughter just loves this toy - she squeals with delight with all the stuff she can do on it . It stays in our living room and she plays with it on and off all day long . She moves up to it turns a few things and then moves on to something else and then returns and this goes on all day . It has helped with her being able to pulling herself up with lots of ease and encourages cruising .
 my son used this toy to learn to stand and pull himself up ... now he still enjoys playing with it , even though i move it around the house , he finds it to play with it .
 I had heard about this on a parenting board . My baby -LRB- 9mos -RRB- loves it and the other kids have had a ball with it ! There are many things they can do and it is a lot of fun !! The only caution is that it can tip .
 I bought this for my grandson , he will be a year in June . I needed something to keep him from touching things in my house that are not child proof . He goes right to this ... he loves it . It took him no time to know where the balls go in . I do , however , prop it next to a table so that it wo n't slide . This was a great investment for the money .
 I bought this for my daughter for her first birthday . I could n't decide between this and the regular Leap Frog learning/music table . I decided to go with this one because it has the balls . Boy was I right ! My daughter is now 15 months and still plays with this toy everyday . She loves to put the balls through the shoot over and over again . She likes the songs and the lights and really everything about it . I highly recommend this toy !
 I bought this for my nephew 's first birthday and my sister told me that he loves it . When he gets up from a sleep it is the first thing he wants to play with and with him being at the stage where he is trying to stand up ; it is a great motivator to encourage him to stand . Your kids will love this toy and the sounds and lights will keep your child amused for hours !
 My Daughter was 8 months when we ordered and received the Learn Around Playground . This is by far her favorite toy . Ever since she could pull herself up on her own , it 's virtually impossible to keep her entertained with toys on the floor . This product not only keeps her entertained while standing , she 's learned to use each part of the toy like the ball drop , the lighted numbers , and the pop up frog . Just like with any toy , parents will know each sound and song by heart in just a couple days , but this is a good product .
 I do n't have kids , so it 's always been a challenge to buy the right gift for the right birthday . Learn Around Playground hit the bull 's eye ! Robbie loves it ! It encouraged him to stand up -- the unit is strong and stable enough to support him . There are just too many features to list here . I love this line of toys , it 's the second one I bought this little guy and he gets hours of fun from them !
 My daughter loves this toy . She really likes to put the balls through the shoot . It is great .
 This product has a LOT of different things to touch and press . My son will play with this for a while before he even thinks about getting bored . He especially loves picking up the balls underneath the unit , standing up and putting them through the chute . My son is 13 months , my only complaint is to myself for not purchasing this toy earlier !
 Love this product ! While learning how to stand on her own and walk it give you the learning on top . While she is seating it has something for her to do there too . We have a lot of leapfrog products and will get more in the future .
 My 7 month old son loves this toy . He can pull himself up on it but can end up with it on top of him sometimes . That 's the only reason that I rated this 4 stars instead of 5 . If they were able to make it more stable for the little one to pull up on it would be perfect !
 We bought the playground for Christmas , and overall , I 'm pleased with this toy . The only thing I 'm not pleased with is the tube topper they used after the recall . It makes the leapfrog playground ball slide work only half way . You can still push the ball through the chute , and it still tells you the color of the ball , but half the fun was watching it go all the way down to the ground and make silly sound effects at the bottom . Obviously it does n't do that now . I 'm just wondering why they did n't extend to clear sheild instead . That would solve the arm getting stuck problem . Other than that problem , this toy is great and has kept my daughter very entertained !
 `` Santa '' brought this for my son last year for Christmas . He was 9 months old , and could n't walk yet , but he could -LRB- and did ! -RRB- play with the activities on the bottom of the activity center . A couple weeks later , he started pulling himself up , and we encountered the only problem we 've ever really had . It 's to narrow to be really stable for early walkers to hold on to . This wobbly stage passed , and he 's still playing with it at 21 months . We have the plug for the ball chute , and did n't put it in for a long time because he loved that part so much . We finally put it in when we got tired of prying his giant legos out of the chute . He got his arm stuck one time , but I gently removed it and no harm was done .
 We bought this for our son when he was 6 months old , and had just learned to pull up . He LOVES it and a 1.5 months later still climbs all over it . The product has a recall for the ball drop , and they give you a part to stick down there . The probelem was children getting their arm stuck . But when you put the part down their to prevent the arm going in , the balls do n't go down ! THat is why I gave it 4 stars . We did n't realize it until we put the part in , and it does n't come.Hubby took it apart , and got it out , our son is to young to get his hand down their anyway.Their are many things to it , and its fun . He loves to play the keyboard.It has rhyming , numbers , letters , opposites , feelings , songs , colors shapes , ect.Have fun !
 It was on sale and so I bought this toy for my daughter 's first b-day . The toy is pretty educational like other ppl said below . She has had it for almost 6 months now , however , I 'm not sure if she actually learned anything from it for real yet . But She surely enjoys the music so much and she likes hitting the frog , putting balls down the slide and flipping the little book too . Hope she would pick up more of the educational part soon -LRB- like ABC , numbers , colors , shapes , testures and opposition -RRB- I also found the toy fun and educational to me in a way . It did take me a little while to understand how the toy could tell what color of ball I 'm putting down the slide . And it 's fun to find out after you press the A-Z letters once in a roll , it would sing the ABC song like a reward.About the safety issue , we always put the toy against a wall or something , so we has never had a problem with it . -LRB- we did n't even install the piece that provided after the recall ; dont ' wan na block the ball from falling thru the slide -RRB- In short , it 's a fun and educational toy/gift . My daughter still plays with it every now and then for a little bit after months .
 i had been going back and fourth for awhile over whether to buy this for my daughter because of its hefty price . sixty is a lot for a childs toy but alas i found it for half the price somewhere so i jumped at the opportunity . after getting it home my first thought was , what would make this toy worth the sixty ? once opened and put together i can see why people would spend so much on this.there are two modes of play on this toy which the child can switch themselves by turning the page on the little book to `` music '' or `` learn `` In music mode the piano keys light up and play a note . by moving the tricycle it sings the abc 's . when you hit the frog that pops up it causes the song to switch between three different songs . when you spin lily she sings a rhyming song . basically everything triggers a song or musical note.in learning mode when you drop the balls down the shoot it tells you which color they are , each abc keys says its own letter when pushed . the piano keys say numbers , and the tabs underneath the keys will say `` red heart '' `` orange sqaure '' etc. those cloth strips of material say `` bumpY '' `` smooth '' `` fuzzy '' . i could go on and on really!this thing does so much and its learning value is perhaps the best ive seen for a 6-36m toy . rather than buy 10 toys that could teach everything this can . i would just buy this and call it a day ! my 3 yr old enjoys some of the things on this as well . in particular he likes hitting the frog that pops up . he thinks its whack a mole and pushing the abcs . although he already knows everything this thing has to teach he still likes it . as far as my daughter , whom i purchased it for , she gets a total kick out of it !
 My son is still using and learning with this toy 18 months after we purchased it . He recites and is begining to recognize his ABC 's at two years old largely because of this toy . He loves all of the different tunes , sounds , letters , words that this toy plays . He is still discovering new things this wonderful educational toy offers . There are so many things going on with this toy that I think he will out grow it before it bores him .
 This toy is very , very cool , I really really like it . There is tons to do , lots of buttons to push , and the ball chute is excellent ! My baby loves it . The item comes with the tube topper to fix the problem with babies putting their hand down the chute . I have not installed it and do n't plan to unless it becomes an issue ... it really will change the usability of the ball chute ! This does slide -LRB- we have carpet -RRB- , so you need to either just watch your baby with it or put it in a corner against the wall . My baby almost uses it as a walker , pushing it around!My only real complaints are with the ball chute recall issue ... why not just make the button inside the chute much smaller and further down ? Then kids could not get stuck in there ! And also the voices/music . This is not Leap 's best work IMO . The music for the Leap table is much much better . I just do n't like this ladies voice honestly . Also I wish it did english and spanish like the Leap Table does , I enjoy the variety !
 This toy was selected for my two year old daughter . What I have observed so far is that she likes the use of the balls in the learning mode the most . The alphabet is her second choice as she loves to try reciting it . The only problem with this is that it does not play the whole song unless you continuously move the bicycle . She loses focus quick as a result . The music mode is usually her next thing and she likes to hum along to the songs . She only has it a month now so still looking to see what she learns . I will likely edit this review later on .
 My son loves this toy . It does slide but since he loves it so much we play with it together . He loves to hits all the buttons and I have found all the features quite durable . I would recommend this toy to anyone as long as you are willing to play with your child .
 I purchased this activity workstation as a gift to my nephew and he loves it . This is now his favorite toy/activity and I know he is going to enjoy playing with it year around . Great product . Highly recommended . Amazon price was awesome with free shipping . : - -RRB-
 This toy is great ... she -LRB- my almost 11 month year old daughter -RRB- LOVES to play with the ball tubes . She has so much fun putting the balls down the holes and seeing where they end up . She also loves the little book area and the spinning part of the toy ... this was a big hit and a great purchase . Plus , it is a great toy to help her pull herself up ... and it is stable enough so it does n't move when she is holding on and standing by it .
 I think this is a great toy . We do physical thrapy with my son and getting him to stand and play with this toy is just fabulous . The only problem with it is that it slides on the floor . I wish there were rubber stoppers on the legs . We put some on ourselves , but they pop off . I usually prop it against a couch or something . Otherwise we love it . There is lots to do , even for twins who want to play with the same thing at once !
 This is a great play center !!! It has really helped my daughter learn to pull up and stand for extended periods of time . -LRB- Exactly why I purchased it ! -RRB- This center has soooo many activites that she never seems to get bored . The only negative comment I have is that it comes with a cover that snaps into the ball return that does not come out once inserted -LRB- I learned this the hard way -RRB- . Otherwise a great buy and I would highly recommend .
 I bought this while I was still pregnant and started letting my son play around with it when he was about 5 months old . He will be one next month and still loves it . It 's great for a child just sitting up and then it 's a whole new toy once they can stand . It 's very durable too because my son has drooled all over this thing and it has never had any problems . The balls are nice and light weight too so when they get thrown across the room no damage is done . Great toy !
 We bought this for our second child when she was 18 months old . She was not walking yet but could stand when she held onto something . She loved it from day one . Now she is 2 1/2 and still plays with it . Now its used more as a musical machine but its great . I cant recommend it more .
 My son has a visual impairment as well as other disabilites . He LOVES this toy . He is almost 4 , and has loved this toy since his first birthday . He loves all of the things that it can do . He especially likes exploring the textures of the cloths .
 Toy is awesome . My cousin had one , so I got one on amazon , and my son uses it everyday . Lots of sounds and activities , loads of fun . Now that he is stainding , he uses it as a standing place , and presses all the buttons and is learning to use his fingers and hads to move and grip items . I would recommend it to anyone .
 The great thing about the learning playground is that it is good for kids who are sitting and standing . It is also one of the few toys that our two sons , now ages 2 years and 6 months can both use at the same time.Even the 2 year old is still using it and we hope that he will do more with the shapes , colors , and numbers .
 We got this for Christmas when my daughter was 6 m.o. . She used to sit and play with the things on the under-carriage of the toy . Now , at 10.5 m.o. , she can pull herself up and play with the toys up top as well . She recently discovered the ball drop half-way down the tube and she loves to play with that when her legs get tired and she need a rest . This has provided many hours of entertainment and I would recommend it to anyone !
 I bought this toy about 6 months ago for my daughter 's first birthday . Her favorite part is the hole and tube for the balls to go down . She tries to put every toy down the hole . Now , there was a piece that is supposed to go over the hole because there was a compliant that kid 's hands can get stuck down the hole . Frankly , after watching her play with it I personally decided to keep the part , but not put it on.Other cool features are the dangley things , the spinning airplane thing and the alphabet buttons.Overall a fun toy and my daughter still plays with it on a daily basis . The only reason I gave it 4 stars was the recall piece to block the hole . That can be a turn off , when choosing a toy .
 This is our son 's favorite toy . He loves to play with the balls , the cloth tags , and push all of the buttons . I love that it turns off automatically after a minute of no use . This is a great battery-saver feature . It 's also nice to have the tube topper on the ball chute , although sometimes it can be a pain . My son has figured out that more than balls can fit down there , and the tube topper makes it hard to get the stuck toys out , but it 's nice because it deters him from trying to stick his whole arm down it . Baby plays with this toy all the time . He is starting to learn words , letters , and numbers because he plays with it so often . I also really like it because it is n't too big . It fits nicely up against the wall when he is n't playing with it , and it maybe only sticks out about a foot or so .
 I bought this for my newest grandson and he loves it . It gives plenty of play options and he likes music so it keeps him entertained for a while.It is good for him hanging on but he is beginning to walk so he will be able to utilize a little longer .
 We could n't have lived without this toy when our daughter started standing . She loved standing at it for long periods of time b/c there was so much to do . She continued to use this toy until she was almost 2 . Great toy and very durable .
 This toy has been wonderful . My 1year old plays with it first thing in the morning . He loves the music and lights and seems to really enjoy trying out all of the buttons . It was a great investment . Although it could be made more securely I have n't had any of the issues mentioned in other reviews . For example he has n't had any problems with it falling on him or getting his hand stuck in the chute . Although he was fully capable of standing on his own when we got it . I do n't know how educational it will end up being but he laughs and dances everyday .
 My son loves this toy . It encourages him to stand and walk around it and he does n't get nervous about taking steps solo because he is so engaged in play ! He also likes to crawl under it to play with the hanging fabrics and colored plastic flags . Really great toy . I wish we would have purchased it earlier -LRB- around 6 months of age . -RRB-
 I was n't sure that my son -LRB- 12 mos . -RRB- was ready for some of the activity , but when we set it up he played for an hour ! I am happy with the activities and the knowledge it provides him and the songs are n't bad either . His birthday was 3 weeks ago and he 's still playing with it .
 I got this toy for my 9-month-old daughter and she just LOVES it ! it is pretty sturdy , but I have to watch her sometimes when she pulls herself up on it , or pulls backwards on it to sit down . overall , it is a very durable toy . she loves to push all the buttons , spin and pull on the gadets , and dance to the music . this was well worth the money ! I 'm glad I got it and would recommend it to anyone .
 I bought this toy for my daughter who loves balls . This has it all . Colors , numbers , the alphabet , music and more . My only complaint is that it is not loud enough . It has two volume settings but the loud is n't loud enough for me however I am sure some others will disagree . I especially love when you drop the balls through the shute it knows which color ball it is and says yellow ball ... etc. . It is a great toy that is a ton of fun but is educational too . I would highly recommend it to everyone .
 All the Leap Frog toys I have purchased for my son have been absolutely fantastic and the Learn-Around Playground is another one on the list . My son is a year old and absolutely loves all the different things he can do on this activity center . It is fun and educational at the same time , and in my opinion Leap Frog seems to have the best combination of those two aspects than any other toy maker . With the Learn-Around playground he can learn the alphabet , colors , shapes , numbers , and textures all while having fun . There is a `` learn '' setting and a `` music '' setting which he enjoys equally . I chose not to install the tube topper , as the manual says it is not meant to be removed after installation . I believe as long as the child is attended there is no need for the tube topper .
 This is a perfect gift for a baby/toddler . My 17 month old loves it and has for a while now . It has nice music and volume control which is VERY important .
 My child plays with this toy almost everyday . He loves to watch the ball go down the chute . The toy helped my child to learn to stand up . In the process of learning to stand-up he has pulled the toy on top of him several times . He never got hurt but it did scare him . Now that he can stand with no problem we hav n't had any incidents . Overall , this is a great learning toy .
 This is a great toy with many different learning tools . My nine month old loves pulling herself up on it , and dropping the balls in the shoot . I like that it allows you to spell words with the alphabet as an additional learning tool . I think it 's great . The best thing is when buying leapfrog toys you can go directly to their site and use the interactive feature and play the toy before purchasing .
 my son loves this toy . the only problem i had with this toy is that it is not stable . i had to tie it my coffee table so that it wo n't topple over when my son tries to pull himself up .
 We had this table for about a year till we gave it to a friend since we were moving out of state . I really like this table and would definitely suggest it . We never used the `` tube topper . '' There was a never a problem with my son 's arm getting stuck or almost getting stuck.My son really enjoyed playing with it . He would play with it almost solid for about two weeks , stop playing for a 2-3 weeks and then play with it solid for about 2-3 weeks and so on.There 's LOTS of activities on this table . I really did n't find it very educational for my son but the entertainment is worth it.Some people said they had problems with buttons working but we did n't have that problem . The only thing I noticed was that if you have a letter of the alphabet already pushed and push another one , it wo n't make noise . But that 's not a problem , just do n't put two at the same time !
 Received this toy as a gift for my then 5 month old daughter . It is nice for when they ca n't stand you just place them under it and they have interaction with the tabs and cloth strips . Once they can stand the top of the table is utilized as well as the ball drop . Good grow with you toy.Initially we were putting my daughter underneath the table and she loved it . My one year old nephew loved putting the balls down the chute with it repeating the color of the ball placed down the chute . Now that she is standing she loves the table top , her favs are the pop-up frog and the tricycle.It is a bit unsturdy , she leans on it for support so it should have something in front of it-couch , wall , etc. . . Another thing we always joke about is how it is singing a song or counting , but if you hit a letter it will say the letter mid song . `` 1-2-3-Q '' We have n't had any problems with the electronics as some others noted , works perfectly well.It is a great toy , keeps the baby entertained for a good 30 minutes and should for a good year or so .
 We purchased this learning playground for my daughter last Christmas -LRB- 2006 -RRB- when she was 8 months old , and she has played with it nearly every day since ! We have never had it topple over as other reviewers have stated , even though our daughter frequently used this to pull herself up to standing when she first got it . In fact , I was surprised to see that some people had a problem with this table 's stability , because we have commented that this is one of the sturdiest and most stable of the toys we own ! Plus this really is educational . At 17 months my daughter can now walk over and pick out certain letters and name them correctly . The only negative I can say about this toy is that it did come with a tube to put in one of the ball drop locations -LRB- there are 3 drop spots -RRB- which when installed will limit play , however we actually never used this . We watched our daughter closely for any signs that she might put her arms in the tube , and she never has , so we never installed the device . -LRB- plus her arms are so small we ca n't see how she would ever get one stuck in the tube even if she did stick them in there ! -RRB- Overall worth buying , but do n't pay 60 USD for it . we got ours for under 40 elsewhere .
 I purchased this item for my 10 month old son who is just learning to stand and cruise . It was very easy to assemble and I am really delighted how sturdy the base is . Even though it is lightweight it does not topple easily when my 26lb son is trying to pull himself up on it . He never tires of putting the ball in and seeing it drop to the bottom and starting all over again . As an added bonus my 3 1/2 year old son likes playing with it too and understands the concept of the letters obviously much better than the younger one . I definitely recommend this toy .
 I purshased thi sfor my sons 1st birthday . He loves it . It has great interaction to keep him entertained and the sound effects and music are enjoyable not to annoying . One of my favorite things as a parent is that it shuts itself off after a short time of inactivity ! It even says hello and Goodbye . Great fun . My 4 year old likes to barrow it to learn his alphabet too ! SUPER TOY WOTH THE MONEY !!
 I had tons of people recommend this toy to me when I was looking for something to teach my daughter to pull up on -LRB- we do n't have a coffee table or end tables . -RRB- Not only does she know how to pull herself up now , but she can not get enough of this amazing toy ! 5 stars !
 My 11 month old absolutely loves this toy ! It is her favorite and she goes to it all throughout the day to play with all the fun parts to it -- she loves putting the balls down the chute . She basically learned to stand up using this toy and now she is on the verge of cruising around it ! I can tell it will keep her entertained for a long time to come . My only problem with this product is that I wish it were a little heavier on the bottom to keep it from tipping over . She pulled it right down onto herself last night before I had a chance to act -LRB- she came through unscathed -RRB- . Now sometimes the alphabet buttons do n't work , like a chip is loose or something . I wish it were a little more durable . All in all , awesome toy !!!
 Our 1 year old was getting sick of the standard square table . This was a great alternative and allows us to alternate the two every couple months . Lots and lots of features allow for discoveries beyond the initial experience .
 I bought this activity table because of the ball feature - great fun for my 10 month old son . He has really progressed with his standing and `` walking '' skills because of this product . It was n't stable enough at the beginning for him to pull himself up with , but we put it in front of the couch , on carpet , to stabilize it . Now that he understands that it ca n't hold all of his weight -LRB- and he can hold more of his own weight -RRB- , it does n't fall over . This toy should last him a long time . I highly recommend it !
 My son received this toy for his first birthday and he loves it . He really enjoys the ball drop and all the songs it plays .
 My daughter was 7 mo. old when I bought this , and she loved it ! She 's gotten a little bored of it lately , but she still wanders over to it and plays on it for a while . I think it is well worth the $ $ .
 To whom it may concern
 toy is the best . only complaint is that when she tries to pull herself up on the toy it can tip over kinda easy , but when shes older she wont have to pull herself up on it , and that will probably eliminate the problem , other than that great toy .
 I purchased this for my goddaughter 's 10th birthday cake because she is into mythical creatures . She LOVED the fairy & butterflies and I drew a dragon on her cake by hand . She loved it !!! And then she had things to play with when the cake was gone . I love using plastic items as cake toppers so they have something to remember from their special day .
 This was just what i was looking for for my daughter fairy theme party , it arrived very well bubbled wrapped so there was no breakage.The butterflies were bright colors and the flower picks added even more to the theme , i highly recommened this item . .
 Fairy figurines are hard to find for birthday parties and this sweet garden fairy cake topper is a nice find ; however , it 's important to note that this `` kit '' is for professional bakers . Basically , it 's just a cake topper or decoration , and not really a kit.You get a heavy resin fairy figurine , plus TWO butterfly picks and six flower picks . That 's it . There is no icing or equipment . To get the look pictured , you 'll need to airbrush colors and pipe vines , petals , leaves and borders yourself . Again , the fairy is heavy , so if you do n't have a firm cake , it will sink . And finally , if you are lucky enough to acquire the instructions index card with the cake topper , then note that you get only TWO butterflies as pictured . -LRB- The instructions on the Bakery Crafts 2006 card say there are four butterflies , which is a mistake . -RRB- In all , it 's a nice find , so go ahead and buy this CAKE TOPPER set ! Use it for the party , then enjoy the keepsake as a memory of your event .
 I purchased this kit for my daughters birthday . I just love it and the seller is great . She threw in extras . She was fast and efficient . I ca n't wait until my daughters Birthday . She 's going to be very happy . I recommend this to all mothers and little girls who love Fairies ... S.Sherpa
 I 'll tell you why Word Sweep is such a great game . It is exciting and it makes everyone want to find the word for the definition . My class and I played for no homework . It was close and very fun . Word Sweep is a great class and family game . I hope my teacher lets us play again soon .
 This is a challenging and fun game . It gets everyone thinking . I played with 2 grandchildren and their mother . Each of us tried to think -LSB- silently -RSB- of everyone else 's words , no matter whose turn it was . That and the addition of the great interest in making the trip around the board , preferably first , made for intense enthusiasm .
 I love the game Word Sweep because the first time I played it , my group won and had no homework for the day . I liked how we have to guess what word is it . The game helps us learn new vocabulary words that we do n't know . That was a really fun game I ever played in my life .
 Word Sweep is a good game . It is very fun . It is a very hard game because they use like old fashion words or very big words for higher grades . Some of the words are easy , but that 's what makes it fun . The best part is when you get to steal people 's words if they do n't get it . It 's fun to steal . This game is fun but hard and I like the easy questions .
 I remember giving this game to a friend as a Christmas present around 2006 . I recently borrowed it from him to bring to my game groups . It 's been a hit . You are given three definitions of words that appear consecutively in the dictionary . You then have 40 seconds -LRB- amount of time in the timer -RRB- to write down and come up with the words . During this time , you can consult with teammates . It 's a good idea to team up for this game because two heads are usually better than one.When the timer expires , the person or team gives the three words . He/they move one space on the board for each correct word . Other players/teams , in turn , get a shot at any missed words . You only hear how many words you got right - you do n't hear which words are right . You have to figure that out , and you must give the EXACT WORD on the card . The wrong tense or form , like adding ING if it 's not on the card , makes it wrong.There are three boxes of words to choose from : PURPLE - Everyday - easyGREEN - Intermediate - mediumRED - Challenging - hardIf you get all three words correct , you must pick the next difficult level on your next turn , unless it 's the red box . You do n't have to pick the red box again , since that 's the most difficult . Getting all three in the green box moves you four spaces on the board . Getting all three in the red box moves you five spaces , one and two bonus spaces , respectively.First player or team to get to the Finish wins . Overall a good and challenging game that could help you improve your vocabulary .
 I bought this lamp for my thirteen year old daughter who is a huge Harry Potter fan and she was absolutely thrilled . It is a very good replica of the triwizard cup featured the movie and it makes a good accent lamp for a HP obsessed teen 's room .
 This lamp is very pretty . I have it in my living room and it looks elegant -LRB- non-Potter fans have no idea that it is a movie related item -RRB- . Potter fans smile when they see it !
 This lamp is really nice . Any Harry Potter fan will love this ! It is well made and the detail is just great . The lamp gives off a very soft light which is perfect to be used as a nightlight , if you wish . I love this lamp and would n't change a thing about it .
 I received my item on time . It was in great condition . This seller is a + + + !
 We got this as a hand-me-down from my sister when my son was quite young . It sat in the corner until he started to pull up and cruise at about 9 months . First he loved to play with the panel with the phone -LRB- especially -RRB- and the rotating snail . When he got better at cruising , he liked to push the walker on a carpeted surface . Now at 11 months -LRB- not yet walking -RRB- he loves to push it up and down a long wood-floored hallway . He just gets a huge smile whenever he walks with it ! The toy is very well built , and not flimsy like some other walker toys . I also like that we can reassemble it as a ride-on toy later and get more use as he gets older . I 'm surprised at how reasonably priced it is .
 We received this present for my son when he was born . When we finally put it together , I thought he would love the toy part with the phone and the snail -LRB- that part props up on its own -RRB- . When my 3.5 year old daughter saw the toy , she claimed it as hers ! She loves the scooter . Now that my son is 8.5 months they have to share , as he is obsessed with pushing the walker .
 Excellent product which has now been used by our daughter and son who has today had it converted from walker to bike . If you buy it , make sure you hang on to the instructions as although simple to convert , one or two bits -LRB- handlebars -RRB- can be tricky.The wheels are pretty free so you 'll need to be ready to stop the walker going to fast when they 're first on their feet . But it was well used by both kids for learning to walk and subsequently both have loved the bike once converted - my son is riding it round the living room with a big grin right now.The toys on the entertainment board have also been appreciated by both - especially the telephone!Well worth the money .
 Power supply was purchased to convert DC lights for indoor use . Works great and was a good price .
 I was so excited when I ordered my Star Wars Holographic Emperor figure . I 'd been waiting for this exclusive figure be available for weeks !! When I got home today , the box with the Amazon logo was on my doorstep . Upon opening the box , I was completely disappointed to find that the Emperor figure I 'd been waiting for was damaged since it was jammed into the box so that the backing card was crushed . The people packing this stuff are half-wits !! Anybody with a brain would know better than to cram something into a box like that !! They should be ashamed of their service & to all you collectors out there ... BEWARE !!!
 This is a fun toy to have around , especially for boys and men who think they 're boys!Better get yours from Amazon . I have a hunch Toys R Us will sell out quickly.Here 's to the little kid in all of us .
 I recently bought this compact Maksutkov-Cassegrain -LRB- Mak-Cass -RRB- telescope for my family , and as soon as I unwrapped it from the packaging , I was impressed by the obvious quality of the item . Having already browsed the cheapie telescopes in the various department stores and sporting goods stores , I realized that for only a little more money , I was getting a far superior telescope.The scope itself is extremely compact and , when broken down into its component parts , it and its attached accessories fit neatly and easily into a bag quite similar to a hand-held videocamera 's tote bag.I would highly recommend this scope to anyone just getting into stargazing - if you 're going to spend a hundred bucks for a cheap scope , save up a few hundred more and spring for one whose quality in comparison to the cheapie scopes is like a Lexus to a Yugo .
 I thought it was one of the most amazing tricks I have ever bought !!! It stunned my friends and family . They loved it !
 I bought this for my 8 year old daughter who loves animals . This tiger is adorable and easy to operate . You just pet his back and he goes into action -LRB- cooing , purring and sitting up -RRB- . His body feels realistic and did I mention he 's super adorable ?
 Thank you for the quick shipment and flawless transaction ! My 3 y/o grandson was so excited when it arrived in the mail !
 Back in the early eighties , I was a real big fan of the Superfriends cartoon . At one point , I tried to paint the front of our double-wide trailer to look like the Hall of Justice . Long story short , my parents were pretty mad and my tv privileges were reduced to six hours a day for a month.My punishment would of been longer , but my dad was arrested at his job at Radio Shack for stealing cordless home phones with a twenty-five foot range . As a result , he missed my fifteenth birthday party that year.About thirty days later , I got the coolest birthday present any fifteen year old kid could hope for at school . Not only did i get a cordless phone , but my dad came into my math class dressed up as Hawkman . He had spent his time in prison making a Hawkman costume similar to what he could recall from the Superfriends cartoon . The costume was made from Ramen Noodle packages , prison work jeans with colored boots and gloves . The mask and wings -LRB- bless his heart -RRB- were composed of pillow feathers glued to cardboard cereal boxes cut in appropriate fiited shapes . He used yellow yarn to make the wings sort of move.To this day , Hawkman will always hold a special place to my heart.Though this figure is short on excessive body hair , tattoos and a gut like only my dad has , I think this figure is closest to the being the best Hawkman figure out there .
 When I saw these Jawas holding their Christmas presents , I just had to buy them for my brother the Star Wars fan . Turns out their eyes even glow -- one 's glow green and the other red . It 's just one man 's opinon , but I think this toy makes a great Christmas present . I ca n't wait to hear my brother 's reaction when he gets the package .
 OK , these are older Jawa figures , but even so I love having a set of Christmas Jawas . The fact that they lack articulation and fabric clothing makes me all the more nostalgic for the first Jawa figures I ever got , which were almost exactly like these two . I only wish the presents came as removable accessories rather than glued to their hands . This set will really bring out the Christmas spirit in any Star Wars fan .
 This car is an excellent buy for anyone who is interested in modeling the early Southern Railway or its precursors . The 36 ' wood ETV&G reefer will fit any period from the late 19th century up into the 1920 's . The car is very solid and weighted enough to run smoothly . The painting is crisp and the detailing is quite acceptable for the price . Roundhouse is turning out some very nice products . I look forward to seeing more cars from this period .
 Both my 7 and 4 year old daughters have enjoyed this toy . They enjoy building two different paths and then racing the marbles to see which one is faster . Great toy .
 I purchased two of these recenly for gifts . One was for a 4 year old boy and one for a 7 year old girl . Both loved the toy and have enjoyed constructing and sharing with their siblings . I purchased another marble run from Amazon for my own son three years ago and it is a toy that he still plays with . Any toy that can withstand multiple spring cleanings between the ages of 4 and 7 is a great investment !
 I bought this for my 5 year old son last year for Christmas because he enjoyed playing with a similar marble set at his preschool . This was one of the BEST presents my kids have received . Initially , my son needed assistance with construction , but it was so much fun I did n't mind helping with this toy , and since there are not an overwhelming number of pieces it does n't take too long to put together . Now he does not need much help . The one thing to keep in mind is to construct it on a FIRM surface or it will not be stable . Also , keep it away from young children who put things in their mouths .
 Marble Run Vortex a great game for kids ! It was sent on time and in good condition . Thanks .
 Bought this for my 4 year old after he had spent years watching Baby Einstein and decided he wanted one . Assembly was fun for me as an adult , but would have been very hard for him . Its ' fun to watch it run , but the novelty wears off after a few minutes play and the set is n't very sturdy . The ramps need regular tweaking to keep the marbles running and the pillars ca n't handle more than a very mild bump .
 Hard to build the first time but after you see how it goes together once it is a lot easier the next .
 I bought this set for my 2yr old son 3 years ago and he still plays with it , as does his younger sister now . At 2-3yrs you need to build it for the child , but they have fun sending the marbles down and triggering the start . At 3.5 + yrs or so they can start building simple runs themselves , starting with basic ramps and then adding the spirals and funnels . The pieces snap together easily and are equally easy to take apart for cleanup . We eventually added the elevator set -LRB- also by Quercetti -RRB- to make a giant set . The only caution is obviously younger kids need to be old enough to not put marbles in their mouths and gentle enough that they wo n't break the pieces . There were one or two of my son 's friends who at 2 or 3 could n't help but use the spirals as whips & ramps as swords so I knew I had to put the marble run away when they came over , as one of the spirals got broken when one hid it under a pillow and then jumped on it . Similarly , once my daughter -LRB- age 2 -RRB- got frustrated and instead of sliding the ramps apart , bent them , breaking one of the edges . They still work OK , but one connector is chipped . So very young or `` spirited '' children need supervision , but most can work it on their own once taught how to connect & disconnect the pieces . At 5.5 my son can make huge runs using all the pieces in both sets and really enjoys it even though he now has 2 other wooden block type marble runs too . -LRB- Those types are better for older kids , like 4 + as the blocks tend to shift slightly each time you run a marble down , requiring constant tweaks & adjustments -RRB- .
 This is great fun if you have 2 people to put it together . The 5-year-old had a very hard time building tall ones because it falls over easily . They do still pull it out of the closet to play with it , so I call it a success .
 I 'm not sure what happened with the other reviewer 's toy , but ours has been a family favorite . We have found the parts to fit together nicely , and our kids -LRB- 4 and 6 -RRB- are now building their own creations without help from us . The only problem we had was that one of the fan pieces broke - but I 'm not sure that was n't my son 's fault . It 's still usable , so it does n't really bother us . We like it so much we 're looking for other sets to build bigger ramps !
 I bought this for my 3-year old and both my 3 - and 5-year old boys love it . Unfortunately , in the months since , we have lost some of the marbles , but they still have enough to share . My 5-yr old loves building new things and figuring out how it works and my 3-yr old likes helping me by handing me the pieces I need . I have kept the sheet , which has 5-6 different `` mazes . `` I wish that it was a little more sturdy because we have carpet in their bedrooms , but it 's defintiely do-able on carpet . I also wish that it came with a bag for a carrying case so pieces would n't get lost so easily .
 Asked my son what his favorite Christmas present was and his answer was `` the marble run '' . HE loves it . Although he can not put it together by himself and the directions are n't great , if you have patience it is worth it . Only downfall is that it is not very sturdy . My almost 2 year old has nocked it over a few times and I worry every time my almost 4 year old playes with it that it is going to topple over . I would have bought a set with more pieces though . This is adequate , but it could be even better with more pieces . Definately recommend .
 My daughters often fight when playing with toys together , but this toy has really helped them work together on projects , and has taught them the value of teamwork!The assembly takes some time , and teamwork , and the small yellow pieces which hold the spiral piece together can break easily , but the manufacturer was ingenious in adding a couple extra.I would like a more sturdy storing box , as I can see this toy has quickly become a favorite , and is in and out of the box often , so the box is already showing wear .
 My 8-year-old grandson was super excited when he opened the Marble Run Vortex at his birthday party . He said , `` I 've * always * wanted one of these ! '' He built all the different formations the next day , before he played with any of his other gifts . It was a hit !
 My kids -LRB- ages 5 and 8 -RRB- have had a great time playing with this . I like that the box has a handle and is good enough quality to store the product .
 Bought this for my son at a common retail store when we was almost 5 yrs old . Yes , he needed help putting it together . Yes , my kids who are that age now need help putting it together , while he is now almost 9 and has been able to do it himself for a couple of years . Grandpa saw how much fun he had playing with it -LRB- with us -RRB- that he bought a second kit . With two there are so many more configurations you can do , but even with just 1 there were more options than just what was on the box . Yes , it can topple , but it is an open-ended toy that allows the kids to get creative and learn through trial and error . After 4 yrs , two of our yellow spirals have had their connectors break and therefore no longer work very well , but the kids still enjoy playing with it . The marbles are smaller than standard marbles . When we got ours a few year a go they were not `` cheap '' marbles , just not standard size . And after 4 yrs we still have most of them ! I would definitely buy this toy again .
 We gave this to my 3 year old for Christmas and he loves it . We have to build the tower for him , but he 's been playing with it ever since . It 's great because it 's not too fragile . Unlike some toys when gets excited and bumps into it , it may fall over , but it does n't fall apart . So less rebuilding on our part . The only concern is that we also have a 1 year old and she wants to put the marbles in her mouth all the time so we have to watch out for her . But other than that it 's great .
 This toy passes my test for toys
 I bought this to entertain my oldest son when he was 4 yrs old and recovering at home from surgery . At that age , he would pick a layout from the sheet provided and I would build it for him . He could assist by handing me the colored pieces as I asked for them . He would then play with it for hours.Fast forward a bit . . he is now 9 yrs old and still LOVES this toy . He can obviously now build the pre-designed layouts on his own from the picture sheet and even makes up new ones to see how they work . Five yrs later , nothing is broken , everything still wors and he is still easily entertained by this toy . I now also have a 3 yr old who likes to play with this , but gets a bit frustrated not being able to build a layout like his brother . But , once it 's built , he 'll launch marbles down the ramps endlessly.This toy has been a WINNER in our household for 5 yrs ... and much to my delight , it uses no batteries , makes no noise and makes the kids work together and problem solve .
 My girls are 9 and 11 and seem to enjoy it . It 's certainly something that my 11-year-old can set up herself , although I can understand that with them marketing this to younger children that they may need help setting it . The problems can arise with young children attempting to interpret the plans for the completed marble runs . Still , I can see the educational value in this as my 11-year-old has been able to build the few designs that come with it and branch into inventing her own . In fact , that 's what I recommend for the younger children . If anything , it 's a useful bonding opportunity for the kids and a parent , or something they even have fun doing if a sitter is over . When they get to the point where they choose to invent their own , it stimulates their creativity and forces them to do a bit of planning or at least some brief decision-making as they reach points in the design when they have to assess how many pieces are left and how they want their design to turn out.The designs that come with the set are really not designs , they 're just photographs of completed marble runs . I emailed the company in Italy asking for additional designs but the contact attempts always failed . As such , I 'd be interested in knowing if there are other ways to get to new designs as sometimes the kids feel more confident in building an existing marble run . Overall , the product is fairly durable plastic . The pieces fit together well although the trickiest pieces are the two yellow spirals that come with the set . They require some snap-in braces and luckily they provide extras in case you lose these tiny pieces -LRB- TIP
 I ordered this Quercetti Vortex Marble Run for my 3.5 year old -LRB- he 's long past the stage of sticking things in his mouth -RRB- . My husband and I would have had a lot more fun playing with it ourselves , but our son did n't want to share . My son actually chose this for the bright colors , and now that we 've had it for over a month , he 's finally starting to want to put it together himself -LRB- instead of having us do all the setup for him -RRB- . It comes with 80 pieces -LRB- including a dozen smaller-than-standard marbles -RRB- . One of the purple plastic slides has cracked at the end , but that was b/c my son was pushing too hard , trying to force it into the slot -LRB- not b/c it 's hard to get in , but b/c he 's 3.5 years old -RRB- . His favorite parts are pushing the yellow buttons to release the marbles and watching the marbles spin around the yellow wheels and then the red vortex . Note to parents -- be sure the yellow wheels have clicked into place , or else they wo n't turn smoothly.Thankfully it came with several examples of how to set it up in different configurations . My husband could have figured it out w/o the pictures , but I would have been lost . It 's a great way to introduce the effects of gravity , but an older child would definitely get more of an education out of it -LRB- that whole physics thing -RRB- .
 I was pretty confused when I got this in the mail because it is not at all what is in the picture . It was n't until then that I noticed the second , MUCH different picture , that STILL is n't what I got sent but it 's close . The set comes with 6 slides , two gears , the big red spiral bowl , and two of the yellow ladder looking spirals . My set was red and white with purple and orange slides . Not as fun colored as the picture but my 3 year old could care less . It also has a few different areas for him to start the marbles at which makes things a little more interesting.Assembly was a bit of a pain . There is no instructions of any sort so I used common sense and a picture , which seemed to work out just fine . Everything functions and fits together correctly though which is a major plus . The toy is level . I have no problems with the pieced fitting together , the balls getting stuck , or things falling apart during use . I am quite confident that if he attempted to move this around it is not going to come apart , but I dont think it was intended to be a portable toy anyway . -LRB- I am very tempted to gorilla glue this together because my son is way to young to try to figure out new configurations , but I do n't want to eliminate that option quite yet . -RRB- I 'm not really sold on the durability of this toy , particularly the yellow swirly `` ladder '' slides , but I think as long as he does n't abuse it , it should hold up.The marbles do look a little smaller than average size -LRB- close to what you find in a cheap chinese checkers game -RRB- , but I do n't really see that being a problem . I do n't have regular size marbles to see if they work still but I think it 's highly possible . Seriously though , it 's not going to be impossible to find replacement marbles . Plus , it comes with about 8 as is.Most importantly , my son is MESMERIZED !! He is a very active , curious kid who usually pays about 10 minutes of attention to a toy then moves on . He has n't stopped playing this since I got it set up . I am thoroughly glad I bought this gift for him , and I would recommend it .
 This works just how its supposed to , definitely for older kids , unless the parents decide to build it for the younger kids , otherwise , they ca n't get it to do much . But they love playing when it 's put together . Make sure they play with it on a sturdy table or stand , not on carpet & the marbles are smaller than normal marbles , so be extra careful with the youngsters & pets !
 My 4 year old son loves this toy . It does require an adult to set up , as the assembly is copied from examples on the box . It is a little wobbly as it is made of plastic , but worth the money .
 Let the marbles roll ! The kids have a blast with it but , it is a little flimsy and lacks good instructions and offers no help on changing configurations . I would recommend giving another marble run a try .
 At 5 years old our granddaughter needs help putting the pieces together . But she know what she wants ! She hands us pieces and helps as best she can . So I know she will play with it for a long time as she grows and can do more by herself . She loves racing the marbles . I am very happy with this toy . We all enjoy playing with it .
 This item came with very limited instructions
 This is a great marble run and lots of fun . However , my seven year old got it for Christmas and had problems creating the images in the instruction sheet . She decided it was easier to experiment and see what works and what does n't . Now she is creating many different marble runs that work . So I would not recommend this toy for younger children unless you yourself like to build . Otherwise , this is great ! Also it is made it Italy which for my family is a bonus !
 My son received this for his 5th birthday , and from the moment it was assembled , -LRB- with assistance from his dad -RRB- he was fully engrossed and totally entertained . He 's played with it for hours at a time ! We 've found this toy to be durable beyond our expectations . It 's been knocked over , tripped over , attacked by a cat and little hands have been all over it , but it has yet to fall apart on us . It has been knocked out of alignment and needed some minimal adjusting , but the pieces have not disconnected at all . It seems to be quite steady set up on our wool area rug . We plan to give it to another boy as a birthday gift since we have had such a positive experience , and I know we will purchase additional Quercetti runs for our son .
 I bought this for my 4 year old and I to play with and it is quite enjoyable once it is built . This is why I gave it 4 stars overall . However , building this thing is like playing a game of Twister ! The black base pieces are hollow and therefore have no weight . They keep falling over as you stack pieces higher with the ramps and rails etc. . . Of course it sounds easy to say that you just stabilize each column by joining them with other columns for support . This is not easy because if you do n't build it in an exact way , the whole thing tends to lean over and fall down . In a nutshell , it 's hard to build by yourself and even more difficult if you decide to deviate from the picture on the box and make something original.It would have been very helpful if the black base pieces had some weight to them . I 'm going to fill mine with some clay and that should help . Fun toy , but be prepared to be frustrated getting it built as even when completed it 's not the most stable toy .
 We bought this as a gift for a boy who just turned five . I really was n't sure what he was into and did not know what he already had -LRB- we have a daughter -RRB- , so it was difficult to choose . We thought this might be fun , and the price was right . So I thought we 'd give it a try . Also , when he grew out of it , his baby sister might like it.Well , the birthday boy 's parents called us the next day to say that of the 25 -LRB- not kidding -RRB- presents he opened after his birthday party , this was the one he wanted to play with first ! He was such a fortunate youngster , the other toys were Lego , Playmobil , and Transformers . What boy would n't love that ?! I think we found a winner . -LRB- His baby sister likes it too , but it is n't completely sturdy . She knocks it down all the time . Thankfully birthday boy likes it so much , he 's happy to put it back together . -RRB-
 Wow , how much fun is this !? Lots ! My 3 year old son is fascinated by the marble action . The pieces fit together really easily , although they fall part easily too . But once we figured out how to tighten and stack , it worked better . I wish it came with instructions on putting them together . My son is n't quite at the age to do it all on his own and I apparently am not imaginative enough ! But overall a lot of fun and a great gift !
 I remember having a different brand when I was a kid and it seemed much easier to put together . Got this for my 4.5 year old and he really LOVES IT ! The marbles it takes are just slightly smaller than `` regular '' sized marbles and it is really difficult to put together , but once it 's up it 's up and great fun ! Will possibly be buying more pieces for birthday .
 Although the usual Minimates quality is present , I was disturbed by the fact that the plump pink lips and large eyes made Frodo look like a girl with short hair and no chest . As always , the detail and rendering of the details is exquisite .
 Length :
 My girls just love this monkey . It makes the cutest ` snoring ' sounds when it sleeps -- too bad the eyes only close half-way when it 's in sleep mode . The mechanical noise is kinda loud , but the girls do n't seem to care . My 3-year old likes to put it to bed at night .
 My daughter holds this monkey all the time . It makes baby monkey noises and moves its arms . The volume is just right . It is loud enough to hear but not too loud to disrupt conversations and such . There is a velcro opening in the back for the batteries and the on/off switch .
 I purchased this `` Monka '' as my 2 year old calls it for Christmas . It is an accompaniment to the bigger Furreal chimp that was passed down from her older sister . She takes it everywhere with her . It is soft , cute , and adorable . It is small enough so that it is easily portable to the mall , Grandma 's , etc. . It does n't really do all that much except make some noises and move a little . However , for $ 12 it 's a great little toy .
 this monkey is soooo cute and fun . -LSB- . . -RSB-
 My 2 year old loves this baby monkey . It moves around like a baby - Adorable !
 My 2 year old daughter is very into animals and the sounds they make , so this toy looked like a sure bet . She got it for her birthday and played with it quite a bit at first , not so much anymore . It has a repetoire of around 4 sounds and moves a bit and that 's about it . But it 's worth the five bucks I paid for it and it 's held up quite well to a toddlers rough play .
 for the money , this dollhouse is the best . I also bought all the rooms of furniture , which are amazing and worth every penny . It is sturdy and beautiful and functional and a hit . All of my daughter 's friends head straight for it when they come over to play . If you are looking for a quality dollhouse that seems like you paid a lot more for it , this is the one to get . I highly , highly recommend this . And , it 's one stop shopping with the rooms of furniture . Everything you need is right here . One note
 It went together in about an hour without a hitch and it is reasonably sturdy . My Granddaughters seem to enjoy it , so it 's at least a 4 .
 My daughter received this as a birthday gift from her grandparents . I am very impressed with the quality of each piece ! The detail is extraordinary ! She just turned 3 , so we will see if it holds up !
 My 9-yo has had all this furniture for about 15 months . It 's beautiful , she is loves it and she is very careful with everything.In the last month , two of the kitchen items -LRB- the fridge and the stove -RRB- have started to come apart . It is definitely not from ` wear and tear ' as they are not handled very much . The top slab of the fridge is warping upwards and separating from its walls , so the hanging doors keep coming off . Because of the warpage it 's difficult to fix without risk of breaking it -LRB- do n't have a small/gentle enough clamp to use trying to glue it down -RRB- . The stove is at an earlier stage of the same thing - you can see cracks around the front and side of the stovetop where it 's starting to warp and separate too.We have not seen any problems with any of the other rooms ' furniture , just the kitchen .
 My 7 and 8 year old daughters really have enjoyed this furniture . it is adorable and they have been playing with it every day since we got it . My one concern is that the kitchen table top fell off as soon as they took it out of the package so maybe it was n't glued on properly . . i just used hot glue on the corners and it is ok so far but it makes me a bit concerned about durability . assuming the toys were made for children to play with , I am hoping they will stand up to the little family 's lifestyle . That being said , my girls love it and have been inviting Barbie over to the little house for vistis . so cute . Thanks .
 The furniture was to scale for the my Dollhouse . My grandchildren are very happy playing `` house . '' The price for the complete set was very cost effective compared with toy stores .
 Kiddo LOVES this furniture . The furniture is fairly well-made , but would not recommend it for kids who are rough with toys . The little legs on most pieces would not hold up to rough play . One did n't hold up to shipping , and I had to glue a little leg back on as soon as we opened the set . For the price & the amount of furniture , I think this set is a great deal .
 Most creative and well made of any doll house furniture I have seen.Eye catching for my grand daughter . Fosters her imagination.Does have small working doors and drawers.Each room of furniture comes very well packaged .
 I ordered this dollhouse and furniture for my grand daughter for Christmas . It was delivered within the time promised in time for Christmas . The dollhouse is very sturdy and my son reported that it was easy to assemble . The walls are well decorated . The furniture is beautiful and well made . Drawers and doors open and close . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 This is my favorite furniture for kids ever!Sturdy , cute , decent size . I would recommend this furniture to another person , and I would definately buy it again . Hopefully I do n't have to , though .
 This is the best Doll House Furniture . Long search showed me that this is the best furniture you can buy . There are many others , but others are really pretty bad !
 This furniture bundle was even better than I had hoped for ! My daughter has 2 dollhouses and has hours of fun rearranging furniture with this new bundle , very durable and well made ... . we love it so much that we are going to buy another bundle as a gift for a friend !
 At the time I wrote this , all of the reviews have this item at 5-Stars and for good reason . These dollhouse accessories are very nice , high quality dollhouse items . Not your typical Toys R Us , Target or Wal-Mart toys . N.ot recommended for small children . Our 10-Year-Old daughter loves her Melissa & Doug Victorian Dollhouse and all of the accessories that we purchased to go with it . Highly recommend this product
 The furniture looks great . As it is a Christmas gift , the reciepent has yet to use it but the quality looks great . I am confident that it will provide many hours of enjoyment . I also purchased the Victorian Dollhouse and was extremely imopressedwith the quality . My only suggestion with the dollhouse would be to number the pieces to make assembly a little easier . Great products .
 The furniture was worth every penny I spent . The detail work was amazing and my granddaughter absolutely loves playing with her doll house now .
 Decent quality overall . The toilet seat was broken , but everything else came in good shape . The kitchen furniture just barely fits in the kitchen though . We purchased the Melissa and Dough Victorian dollhouse also . The rest of the furniture fit fine in the house .
 great gift for kids , though it came in a lot of boxes , thought it would be in one box but each room was in a separate box .
 The furnniture arrived in good condition and I was delighted with the quality and detail . It goes so well in the Victorian house .
 If you love `` blaxploitation '' movies , or just cinema in general , this is a fun , fast-paced card game . Other than the title and the implied violence , this is a good game for almost all ages . I 'd say that if MPAA ratings applied to card games , this one would get a PG-13 . The humor value is also very high , even though the game does n't go out of its way to be wacky -- perhaps because it does n't go out of its way . The game has a very high replay value as well .
 First I played this over at my friend 's Adam 's house . I really enjoyed it so I bought myself my own copy . My friends and I played this three times in one night and we would have played it a fourth but we had more games which came in from Amazon which we wanted to try out . This is cheese-tastic and lots of fun .
 This looks as advertised . My son is thrilled to have it for his stuffed animals and his friends are jealous . Seems nicely made although we just received it so ca n't comment on durability . True to size , well priced ...
 My five year old son loves planes and space ships . Space shuttle toys are a bit tame and he has at least three of them , anyway . There 's a real shortage of `` neat '' rocket ships and planes that are science fiction but not `` Star Wars . '' He loves this little reversed winged jet . It simply looks cool .
 My boss has a son that 's 6-7 years old.He loves planes and I got this as a small Christmas present for him .
 I bought the Newborn Chimp because I had purchased Cuddle Chimp and thought this would be a nice accompanying piece . I am a volunteer for ChimpanZoo a Jane Goodall Research Foundation program recording behavior of Chimps . Our instructor had received the Cuddle Chimp from one of the observers as a gift and when we all saw it we wanted one too , they are fabulous toys for adults as well as children , and I consider these two as the most realistic in my Chimp collection ! I would highly recommend , I bought 4 as Christmas gifts all for my adult friends and could not wait to give them to them , and they just LOVE them too !!!
 I bought this for my nieces second birthday . She loves monkeys . When I first opened the box I was a little disappointed at how small it actually was . So , I wrapped him up for my niece and when she opened him up , she was in love immediately . So the size did n't make a difference . Still he is pretty cute and everyone wants to hold and play with it . Overall , I am happy with my purchase .
 I got this a couple years ago , I believe . My daughter just loved the Chimp . She carried it all over , fed him , and put him to sleep . He moves and makes sounds . We recently got a puppy and even she wants to play with him because he makes sounds . I believe some reviews mentioned the noise when the body parts move . There is noise but my daughter never noticed enough for it to bother her . She loves taking care of her baby chimp .
 I bought this puzzle last Christmas for my wife and daughter to work on together . Little did I know that it would be completed and finally off the table in our family room 11 months later!This is most certainly an expert level puzzle , and requires the most patience of any puzzle I have seen to this point . Shades of gray and hundreds of solid black pieces add to the difficulty in addition to the obvious large number of pieces.My only complaint would be that the pieces are not as durable as I would expect given the price tag for this product . The edges of some pieces frayed a bit during the time it was put together . This is slightly disappointing since I intend to frame and hang the finished product.This puzzle provided many hours of family entertainment and based on that it was worth every penny !
 I purchased this puzzle for my girlfriend , in an effort to keep her busy , haha . It has turned out to be the bane of my existence , as it is a lot bigger and more complicated than I ever expected . It has taken over the dining room table , and is barely 1/4 complete , even 3 weeks later . If you like the sort of puzzle that takes your complete , unending attention for weeks at a time , it 's great .
 After 2 years of off and on -LRB- mostly off -RRB- , I 've finally completed this puzzle . I must say it was VERY challenging because there are only 3 colors
 This one is a tuffy . I completed the Sistine Chapel 3000 and it was a breeze compared to this one . Because there is little color variation , it gets very confusing . After 2 weeks i was able to complete the border and the center part that has little lines all over ... on the third week i completely failed at finding a single piece to fit anywhere , got irritated and took it apart.This puzzle tests the love for jigsaw and is for the truly dedicated -LRB- aka someone with a lot of time -RRB-
 If you 're looking for quite possibly the most challenging puzzle ever created ... this is the puzzle for you . 3000 pieces of grey scale make this puzzle about as easy to put together as our nation 's failing economy . I ca n't wait to see it all finished but i fear this puzzle might lead to my insanity and instead i 'll take in 50 cats , quit my job , and spend the rest of my days watching reruns of Judge Judy while sewing quilts made out of old pairs of my underwear . Ok ... wellBack to the puzzle . It talks to me now . . did i mention that?back to the puzzle
 It is Guernica painted by Picasso one of my fav painters !!!!! I finished it in 1 month . It is hard.I have it on my wall with a black frame , and it looks amazing , really ... AMAZING ! Everyone loves it . . everyone.If you are good with puzzles go ahead , if you are not ... it will take you a lot of time and a lot of advil.Good Luck!Totally worthy
 One of his most important works is now available on a 3,000 pieces set . I love art and I am thrilled with this puzzle
 This puzzle is extrememly challenging . I gave it as a gift to my brother who can normally finish a difficult puzzle in less than 3 weeks . Well , We will see about that with this puzzle . He sent me an update and his progress is slower than normal , but he absolutely loves it ! My sister-in-law worked on the puzzle for an hour and only got one match , so expect it to be tough!I probably would not buy it for someone who gets frustrated easily or will not work to finish a project . This could be a long one !
 I just brought the UV beads for my science fair project . It worked great . The beads really changed color when they hit the sun , but the color was light and it was mostly purple or pink.However , it was fun to play with especially with little kids . Hope you would like it too !
 Pony beads are a great arts and crafts project for any kid and color-changing beads just add to the fun ! These are great for any kid who likes to make their own bracelets etc ! They 'll get even more excited about making things when they see how these beads react to the sun !
 The product was as it was advertised , small collectibles . I was afraid they might be bigger than I wanted , but they are perfect .
 I bought this for my kids for our pool and they just love it . It handles at least four kids at a time and they never get tired of it . Sometimes it 's a shark tank , sometimes it 's `` The Black Pearl '' from the Pirates of the Carribean , but no matter what their minds have created with it , they are laughing and enjoying themselves the whole time . Really worth the price !
 My 5 year old has a great time with this puzzle . She loves putting it together and coloring the special pieces . She has done it several times and does n't seem to get bored with it . I also like that the crayon wipes off easily with a dry cloth .
 I bought this farm for my three year old granddaughter . It was more expensive than the others I looked at but in my opinion was worth the extra money . It took about an hour to put together but was not difficult . It is very well made and much larger than I thought it would be . I also bought the garden and animals , they are cute but very small parts and need to be put away for about a year . This is a very nice addition to her dollhouse .
 This is really meant for costume purposes , nothing more . I have a 9 yr . old that plays football with his friends . I would not let him use this costume for that .
 I recently discovered that `` Executive Decision '' was made available again . I have enjoyed board and card games ever since I was 8 years old , for the last 56 years . This has been my favorite board game because it leaves nothing to chance . You have to judge the business acumen and the possible irrational behavior of your opponents individually , understand that not everyone is able to or willing to calculate optimum gains and play accordingly.This is not a toy and not a game for kids . I would suggest 16-99 years . I also think that it can be used to educate your children 12 and above , to make quick calculations in their minds , without using calculators , and to be able to look through other people 's eyes.You can have short or long games for a lot of fun with social and business friends . It is a game which does not require any stakes to make it more exciting.The only other game which is as exciting but which almost requires stakes is a card game called `` Gops . ''
 Shoot the moon is a fun card game . It is a lot like Euchre but simpler . We really like the addition of the ghost and will have a ghost hand with any number of players .
 Ok , well at least the title of the review got your attention -- and yes it is true . My second toy review -LRB- go figure -RRB- so here it goes ... Sun Star has got Maisto beat hands down when it comes to quality and workmanship of these hard to find vehicles . I presently own this one and several others -LRB- including my favorite Aston Martin DBIV -- yes the Bond car -RRB- , and I am quite impressed with the fit and finish of these replicas . The chrome components are of better quality than you would find on your typical Maisto-brand replica and dashboard details on the Sun Star vehicles are of simulated-high quality veneer -LRB- made to look like wood -RRB- with painted-on accents -- not stickers as you would find on the typical Maisto 1:18 scale car . Seats fold down , doors , hood and trunk open to reveal detailed engine and trunk contents , respectively.The Facel Vega HK500 was the car of its day driven by celebrities and the European jet set during the 50 's and 60 's . Tony Curtis and Frank Sinatra even had one . Incredibly well-made with high quality coachwork and engineered to the highest expectations of its well-heeled clients , the car 's performance and ride even rivaled that of the most expensive Rolls Royce or Mercedes of its day .
 I was excited to find this sandwich on here - we do n't have a lot of space and the cloth/felt version -LRB- as opposed to the larger wooden sets -RRB- seemed like a good option . The sandwich came today and certainly is cute - it 's just a little smaller than expected -LRB- even after reading the dimensions I was a little surprised - I need to get used to Haba proportions , although I think it probably is a better size for my son 's hands than the sandwich I was imagining -RRB- . The pieces inside are all felt -LRB- besides the crinkly lettuce -RRB- and seem sturdy enough considering they are really just small strips of cloth , and the bread is nice and squishy , much more like real bread than our wooden pieces.My reason for the four stars rather than five is really that the magnets inside the sandwich are not very strong or effective in keeping the bread pieces together . We have other magnet toys that are much stronger and I was expecting these to be the same . The two bread pieces stay together when pressed firmly w/nothing between them , but when you add the felt all bets are off . I think it would be neat if the slices in between were made of magnetic material and/or the magnets in the bread were strong enough to hold a sandwich together w/pieces in between -LRB- this would also be better for storing the sandwich pieces - right now I 'm a little nervous the little felt squares and circles may get lost in our play fridge space -RRB- . Anyhow , overall we 're happy with this purchase , I just hope we can keep all the pieces together .
 The bread feels and looks more like the real deal . The sandwich ingredients are great , too .
 Both of my children -LRB- ages 10 months and 5 years -RRB- love this toy . My son -LRB- the older one -RRB- , loves to actually make sandwiches and play restaurant . My daughter just loves to chew on them :o-RRB- It was a great stocking stuffer at Christmas and is very durable .
 Fantastic product ! I purchased this toy for my soon-to-be 18 month old son for Christmas , along with a small Kitchen , and he loves it ! The Bofino bread is extremely soft and puffy , like real bread , and the felt sandwich fixings are durable and fun for him to use to create new sandwiches and even `` grill '' on his stovetop . The hidden magnets keep the smaller sandwiches together and can not come out of the bread , no matter how you twist and pull ! This toy is also great for language development !
 I ordered the letter blocks , since there is little product description on the Amazon page , I am just trying one set . They are nicer than what I expected . The blocks are actually made of cloth cover instead of plastic . The size of the block is just right for a 6 to 18 month old baby . The blocks are soft and light with bright prints . I am ordering two more sets !
 This cute little fellow makes an awesome bedroom companion . He is soft , looks great , and is pleasantly plump . We named ours Lyle and he has been a great addition to the family . I highly recommend this item for a child , a significant other , or just for your own enjoyment !
 We actually bought this for our golden retriever , and he loves it . It 's really cute , it 's a good price , and it 's very well made .
 My daughters were chosen to be Grand Officers for California 's Grand Assembly in 2009 . This stuffed crocodile became their official mascot and they were known as the Glamorous Gators . Imagine a large group of amazing young women traveling the state , each with their gator who they had named and dressed representing their Office . When I was given the chance to review this purchase I was reminded of what a wonderful year that was for our family . The stuffed animals were provided for the girls by Grand Assembly and held up well until my youngest daughter 's Gator met Misty our golden retriever puppy who was renowned for eating at least one of almost all my shoes . Yes , `` Higanbana '' met Misty and did not survive the encounter . I then went online and purchased a replacement through Amazon . `` Higanbana Mark II '' was received quickly and took her place in the line up of the Glamorous Gators.I do want to add that if you know young women between 11 and 20 who want to participate in a great organization that Gets Girls Ready for Life please check out gorainbow.org or in California - gocarainbow.org.The quality of this stuffed animal was excellent and Amazon 's service has always been exemplary for me.Plumpee Crocodile 9 ''
 Once again this doll is fantastic but as far as playing with it I would not let them take it out of the box and I am using it to add to my collection .
 This is one of my Teenagers favorite `` Barbie Collectables '' , and I must say I even think it is a Excellent choice for any collector !
 wonderful set , , , great price considering how rare it is to find , , , great condition & delivered quickly & even gift wrapped for my little 4 yr old ... she was thrilled ... definetly would order again from this person ...
 My 6 year old and I made a shirt for her for Valentine 's day . She loved how it turned out . It took some patience and a lot of help for her . I 'm sure the more expensive ones probably set a little easier , but for the one or two shirts we 'll do ... this worked great and was less expensive .
 My kids love that the brushes match the cups but there are two things I would like to see ... One , put some kind of &#34; gripper &#34; on the outside so when the kids pick them up they are not so slick and two , add a selection of smaller brushes for children who wish to do more &#34; detailed &#34; pictures . With different age groups , you have to use the tools suited for the smallest child and having smaller brushes for the older ones that still match with the lids would be a nice option . we are in the first 24 hours of storing paint in the cups with the caps on so will update if I discover any issues with storage . Tops pop on and off with a little bit of adult strength for easy clean up but not easy enough for little ones to pry it off . I have not attempted to drop , throw or in any other way see if they pop off by &#34; accident &#34; .
 Great way to keep the messes to a minimum ! My daughter loves to paint with these nice big brushes and the containers make it easy .
 My daughters - now in their 20s - used to have a similar paint set and had many hours of creativity and fun with them . This set for my granddaughters provides the same . Each tub has a colored snap on lid and matching separate cover . The lid enables the paint brush to stay in the pot along with the paint and I do n't have to worry about the paint spilling if the pot gets knocked over . The matching lid/cover/brush handles help toddlers match colors , the size is perfect for chubby little fingers , and the cover preserves the paint inbetween sessions . I bought some powdered paint from the art supply store locally and like to mix it to match the lid colors . This product is well made and the price is great for everything that is included .
 The cups work great and there are lots of color choices . It is nice to be able to pop a lid on and know the paint will not dry out for a short period of time . We have even used the lids to dump a little paint on for some finger painting fun .
 Our 4-year old granddaughter loves to paint . She pours her own paint into the cups , then proceeds to paint flowers , trees , birds , cats , dogs , people and many other things on her easel . These cups make it very easy on us . The only mess there is to clean up are the brushes . Very glad we made this purchase .
 The Melissa and Doug paint cups are great for your artist at any age ! The cups are large , but fit perfectly in the Melissa and Doug easel , so no need to fill them entirely . The cups are very durable and well-made . The only draw back is cleaning them , the paint cleans out of the bottom great with soap and water , but the grooves on the lid are a little more difficult . Would I buy them again , 100 times over ! Once again , Melissa and Doug hit a home-run !
 I was looking for paintbrushes and no-spill paint pots separately and then I stumbled upon these . I showed them to my sister and she replaced the ones she had . They have a great funnel top so that the paint brush goes right into the pot and access paint comes off as the brush comes out again .
 It is as described , I think the bottles are bigger than I expected them to be . I would like if the top lid would snap shot so I can turn the bottles upside down but they work great !
 These are bigger than I thought they 'd be , but overall a great paint set . Keeps spills at a minimum . The brushes are also very nice , but again bigger than I anticipated . A nice beginner set for a youngster .
 Since it 's not a Melissa & Doug brand I was n't sure if the paint pots would fit in the Art Easel tray that I got . They fit perfectly in the trays .
 I bought these for my 2 year old grandson who loves to paint on his easel . They are great for a little one who does n't have complete control over a brush yet . They keep the paint from sloshing and hold the brushes upright and waiting . The tops keep the paint from drying out in between uses . The colored lids and matching paintbrush colors help with color recognition too . A wonderful product .
 Cleans up easily . Nice color choices . Brushes stay intact . Happy with choice of purchase . Lids fit securely . Provides hours of painting fun
 Good choice - tops keep the paint from spilling when they are tipped over and help make sure the brush gets wiped a bit after dipping - i would not say they are air tight - so not sure about long time storage but good for keeping paint projects a little cleaner .
 I love these cups . wipes off all the access paint the kids tend to get on the brushes before ever leaving the cup . and the brushes are nice too .
 Heavy plastic cups and lids which fit securely . Brushes are perfect for small hands and fun . Cup size is fine for easel .
 Worked well , but it might be helpful to have a board for a holder also . They are large and require both hands for a toddler to pick up . Mom had to hold each cup while it was being used .
 My 4yo daughter loves to paint and these pots are great b/c she does n't have any spills , but I wish the covers stayed on better - if they were tighter I would leave them out , but since they 're really lose , I put them away so my 18mo old does n't get into them .
 These really work ! You ca n't spill the paint no matter how the container falls on the floor or gets knocked over . The plastic tops allow you to reuse the paint .
 The spill proof cups are perfect for my 2 1/2 year old son who loves to paint daily ! It makes clean up much easier on me and it is less of a mess for him . The color coordinated brushes that go with each colored cup is nice so we do n't have all the colors mixed together . I do n't mind getting the paint out now when he asks for it ! Highly recommended !
 These paint pots work great . Easy enough for a 1-year-old to get a paint brush into and out of without spills . Fits in the paint holders of the Melissa and Doug wooden easel . The lid then flips over to seal the cup and I have kept unused paint in the cups for several days .
 I got these paint pots for my granddaughter who is 3 and a VERY prolific painter , in that splash and dash way of toddlers . These pots are terrific . No matter how many times they get tipped over -LRB- many times per painting session -RRB- they do n't spill . Also , the cone shaped opening at the top helps get at least some of the paint off her well filled brush on the way out . And they hold enough paint for several sessions . Great invention .
 There are color-coded brushes and pots that match the colors of the Crayola paint , they are nice and big , and the Crayola paint is thick , so this is perfect for little kids . The brushes wash up easily . The pots are great ... they fall on the floor , no spill , no splatter , plus they have the lids to cover as soon as the little one is finished painting . They fit into the shelf on the Little Tikes easel . Since the pots and brushes are color-coded , the child does n't get the paint mixed together but has a separate brush for each color . Everything washes up easily .
 This is a nifty product
 Great Product ! I was able to purchase larger bottles of paint and save money . My advise only put a 1/2 inch to 1 inch of paint in each tub . If you fill it with more then that they will spill . I use these with my grandchildren who are all under 4 yrs and they loved them . Clean up was a snap . And painting was more fun for all of us .
 We received these for my daughter last Christmas and she has been playing with them all year . I love the fact that now when she asks to paint I do n't have to think about setting paint out for her , doing clean up , etc. . I can just say sure - go ahead!I usually keep about 1/4 inch of paint in the bottom of each pot and that way if she wants to combine colors it does n't wreck a huge amount of paint . She has knocked these over on the floor a they do n't spill the paint . I ca n't say enough about these wonderful paint pots and brushes !
 So simple , but absolutely perfect . My two toddlers love to paint , but they make a huge mess becaule they inevitably spill at least one paint cup . When I bought these cups for them that problem went away . Now they can paint as much as they want , and all that I have to do is keep the brushes pointed in the right direction .
 My children have the Loving Family dollhouse along with this father and baby . They are extremely well designed . They have thought of all the small details . My daughter does not play with the carrier but it is a nice touch . We like this set better than the newest ones . Very nice and fun !!!
 Loving Family Dollhouse Figures
 Yes every little girl should have a Daddy doll . Go by your daughter one today .
 Cute little game well worth the price . Love how compact the container is , holding everything in . There are a lot of little pieces ; dice , chips and small reference cards -LRB- basic instructions -RRB- but if you lose any pieces , it would n't really hurt the game play . It is quick and easy to learn and play . Basically you want to get the most chips , having more dice will help with that . You roll the die you have and that determines whether you can swipe die/chips from the center or from other players . No player can lose their last die , so no one is ever out ... and the game can change really quickly . Limit of four players , but even young kids can play with just a little help , Basically just luck , no skill , but the kids enjoy swiping from each other , and especially mom !
 My family loves this game . I keep it in my purse because it is small and all together . We pull it out whenever we have a wait . For instance around the table at a restaurant , in doctor waiting rooms , hospital , funerals , camping , hotels , anywhere you want kids to be sort of quiet , but do n't want them bored . My boys are ages 5-10 and continually ask to play it when we are out . Be warned there are lots of pieces . But very easy to understand .
 I found this at our local grocery store for -LSB- ... -RSB- , and it looked pretty fun . Now it 's one of my favorites ! It 's so simple it only takes about 3 minutes to understand gameplay , and it would be good for young children . The game changes constantly . You can be winning one minute and lose the next ! It 's for 2-6 players , and takes around 10-20 minutes to finish a game.It 's a fun , competitive game that keeps one person from being in the lead the entire game , because you can Swipe his chips/dice any second ! We 've had a lot of laughs with this one so far !
 We love this game as a family . My boys are 6,8,10 and ask to play often . I recommend it for quick , portable fun . One game takes just a few minutes !
 We 've had this game for a few years and always have fun playing it . It 's simple and easy to learn . It consists of dice and chips . Each player starts out with 2 chips and 2 dice . You take turns rolling your dice and winning or losing dice and chips along the way until all of the chips are gone . Whoever has the most chips is the winner . This year we bought a 2nd game . It works well using 2 sets when you have a large group playing . You ca n't go wrong with this game !!!
 We played this game at a neighbors house . My 5 year old caught on before i did . It is a pretty simple game , not too many pieces and they all store in this nice case . I bought it for my son to put in his stocking .
 I HAVE PLAYED IT WITH MY GRANDCHILDREN . IT IS A LOT OF FUN . I CARRY IT EVERY WHERE.I STILL HAVE NOT FOUND IT IN STORES TO BUY FOR GIFTS FOR MY KIDS AND THERE FAMILIES . I LOOK EVERY TIME I GO TO TARGET OR TOYS ARE US.EITHER THEY ARE OUT OF IT OR DO N'T HANDLE IT . THANK YOU SO MUCHJOHANNA KONIECZNY
 This is such a FUN game . Even our 3 yr . old Grandson can get in on the FUN ! I bought it the first time at Target , lent it to a friend who also LOVED it ! When I went to buy another one for her , all the stores I searched no longer carried it . Fortunately I found it on Amazon.com . Highly recommend for every age group !
 This game is small it fits in your purse easily , so its veryportable , its real quick to learn and fun.The kids enjoy it when we are camping so I would recommend it .
 This game is great because most ages can play , as well as how well everything fits in the case . The case can be carried anywhere and everywhere . Each player or pair of players -LRB- depending on the number of players -RRB- receive a detailed intruction card on what each of the symbols mean on the dice . The directions are so simple to understand , everyone enjoys playing this game .
 Easy game for the family members over the age of 5 . Game of luck , not skill . Perfect for folks who are n't into knowing science facts or math problems .
 If you like `` LCR -LRB- left center right -RRB- Dice/Chips game '' , then you 'll love this because it 's more fun than LCR . Basically , you roll the dice and follow the instructions ... either take a chip from a player or center , take a dice from player or center , or take a dice from all players . Play continues until the pot of chips in the center is gone . The person with the most chips wins . Very easy to play ... sort of mindless entertainment , but still very fun . I enjoy this kind of game with large groups where talking , laughing , etc. . . is more important than the thinking/educational aspect . I would suggest buying two sets for 5 or more people playing . It states one game is good for up to 6 people , but in my opinion , there 's not enough dice to go around with just one set . I think one set works fine with up to 4 people . I have another set handy for larger crowds .
 My husband and son loves this game and it works on multi-directions . What a great game .
 Grab the family and play something other than computer games . This is not for the very young because you have to certain things to do depending on the roll but with a few practice throws you 're off and playing . I bought 4 of these games to get a big group together for a challenge .
 good price/quality what can you say about a cheap toy for kids . Gave it as a present and they liked it
 I have a large family and we love to play games . I wish I had had this around for Christmas last year . I ca n't wait to try it out the next time everyone is in town .
 Received as a family Christmas gift , this game is simple to understand and begin playing . Love how everything fits in its small container . This game is simple enough that our 4-year-old understands and can play . There 's not much skill involved , except knowing who has the most chips , so you can `` swipe '' from whomever 's pile is the biggest . Fun and quick game .
 My 6 year old daughter & I enjoy this game . It is great to have in my purse and pull out when we 're waiting somewhere .
 A very fun game ! I work with children and have been amassing quite a collection of various games . They like this one , as do I.
 We play it as a family and its enjoyed by all ! fast paced ! I carry it with me in my purse , so if we have to wait at a Dr. office , restaurant , or anywhere I can pull it out and its small and quick game !
 This game is tons of fun for all ages and cognitive levels . Can be fast paced or slow , easy to understand . It helps kids learn how to share and be kind to others , and how to lose graciously , with some teaching . Of course , there are those that can be ruthless also ! I use several game sets for larger groups . It can take a long time or a short time if you limit the amount of chips you use in the middle . Love this game !
 My twin 5 year olds and my husband and I all love this game . It is about the size of a smart phone , case stays closed when travelling and is a blast to play . We have probably played it 100 times and will be taking it on vacation this summer . Great for keeping kids entertained at restaurants , hotel rooms , etc. . A bargain for sure !
 My three-year-old daughter LOVES her Loving Family dollhouse and plays with it for hours . We have many of the dolls , and each one is a different member of our extended family . As we do not live by our families , it 's a great way to foster a love and remembrance of aunts , uncles , and cousins she may only see a handful of times a year . I consider this set a MUST-HAVE set because it includes a BOY . We have lots of little girls , but the boys are very hard to find , as not many types of Loving Family boy dolls have ever been made . The entire Loving Family line is durable and brimming with details . All of my daughter 's friends love her dollhouse , too -- even the boys !
 We bought this set because we have two girls close in age and needed another girl for their dollhouse . They boy was a bonus , but I find that he does n't really seem to have a place in the dollhouse or the other room sets . Maybe this question arises from me being a father , but where is the boy supposed to sleep ?! The two girl figures we have share the girl bedroom trundle bed set , but the boy ends up stuck at the computer desk all `` day '' and all `` night '' long . There may not be room in my girls ' dollhouse , but eventually it would be nice to see at least a cot for the boy to sleep on ! LOL!The figures are durable . I especially appreciate that they bend at the knees . This and the fact that they are pretty well balanced weight-wise allows them to sit on chairs and keep a walking pose without toppling .
 My little girl loves this set because it adds more people to play with , but most of all , because there 's a boy in the mix.Durable , and recommended on my part .
 These little people are a must have for the loving family . They are cute !!
 Personally , I do n't find this to be anything special . But , it 's a very afordable product , which probably is what appeals to most people out there . Again , nothing special . Sigh .
 It 's me , the same kid who revewed gorgous , sensual , kind Anjuelica by fisher-price and this is the fmaliy i want to have with my gorgous anjelica !!! well collect all the loving famiy becuse its our ideal famiy , with a baby!i cant wait until were married then well sleep in the same bed and have lots of babies . ive registered us for the loving family toys.i love this toy !!! its exactly like my ideal famiy !! save this set for us , the hhappy couple !!!
 The picture does NOT due this justice , It looks much more life-like in person . It is made to withstand any childs play . My grandkids just love these toys , make believe is so much better with Schleich .
 Love it ... Love it . My son adores this toy . It added to his collect of dragons and is perfect . Worth the money worth the fun . I recommend this product .
 I remember playing Candyland Bingo with my kids . They loved it so much I bought it for my grandson . He 's just learning colors and this reinforces that . We have fun with it .
 I 'm no pro a golf ball is a golf ball but I found this to be a particularly good deal.Six balls for under $ 10.00 . I was wondering if I was going to get some of them plastic kiddy balls but no -LRB- they are real and they are spectacular -RRB- . -LRB- Seinfeld -RRB- . Anyhow they are real .
 These golf balls were very cute and worked really well for a game we had at our carnival . We were looking for kid friendly golf balls and these certainly fit the bill . Overall I am very happy with this purchase .
 I LOVED LOVED LOVED this set !!!!!! It is very well made except after some while the pattern on the babysitter 's shirt rubbs off . The hair is good quality and the little girl 's curls do n't come out at all ! The babysitter 's hair is good for styling and only needs combing once in a while , and if you like sewing it is easy to make little clothes for her . The girl is very cute and I like the little touch of having a dress . Although I am 11 I still like playing with these dolls , sewing for them , and also making acessories . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 These two make for a nice addition to the family . They are also available as part of a multi-pack of people on Amazon at a really good price . Adding the babysitter to playtime creates more opportunities for creative play and expands the possibilities . You ca n't go wrong here .
 This Rummy set is very nice.The tiles are large , sturdy , and well-made . The corners are slightly rounded and the edges are smooth . The numbers are imbedded in the tiles with the colors heavily applied -- good , clear , bright colors -- red , yellow , blue , black . The tiles are about twice as large as the `` Rummikub '' set made by Pressman , and much , much heavier . I do n't know what material the tiles are made of , but it is NOT cheap , light-weight plastic.The plastic racks seem sturdy and are large enough to hold many more than the 14 initial tiles . They set up with removable rods that are inserted into the back.This set comes with one die and a sheet of instructions for playing Rummy.All parts are stored in a nice , slim case which seems very well made.Although expensive , this Rummy game set is of a very high quality . If you like good , well-made games that are nice to handle , you wo n't be disappointed with this product .
 The item was delivered quickly in excellent condition . The carrying case is nice and the tiles are sturdy . The boards that hold the tiles are plastic and over time may crack or break . The instructions that come with the set are quite funny -- they encourage you to contact the company with suggestions , yet there is nothing on the instructions or anywhere on the game to indicate who makes the game or how to contact them . Cheers ! The game is great fun and quite addicting . Even though it says it is for ages 10 + kids 7 + seem to enjoy it and are as good as some adults .
 This is n't a bad doll like what most people say . I had her before , and she was fun to play with my 4 doll houses . Of coarse I had many other Loving Family grandparents , and they were about the same . I liked this doll .
 I am disappointed that Fisher Price does not make the Grandma dollhouse figure in any people of color . There are plenty of the various figures as Caucasian , but there are limited choices for African-american . I also find it surprising that the brochures state that figures are also available in Hispanic but I have yet to see them .
 These are large pellets for large fish and should last a while . My Tiger Oscar told me he loves them .
 Im not sure if my Ram likes it or not hav n't seen it eat it yet . But im sure this is a good product . The ingredents are pure . when i drop some in my tank they float for a long time ; they do n't sink unless you push them against the glass to make them soak water up .
 Definately my oscars favorite food next to live meal worms . `` Tigger '' has been thriving for about six years now thanks to this food.I mix it up with live stuff too.Dosent seem to cloud the water.And the other fish -LRB- Silver Dollars , Red Parrots , Golden Dojo , ect . -RRB- like to get whatever is left .
 We have a Central / South American Cichlid tank and they love these floating pellets . They are quite large , so make sure your fish are big enough . As a point of reference , they are just a bit too big for a full grown Convict . We use Hikari food in our other tanks as well and think it 's a quality product .
 I 've used this food for many years now and can highly recommend it . I use a staple flake and these pellets for the 40 or so cichlids in my 250 gallon tank . This food has worked so well in fact , that not one cichlid has died in the last 3 years ! I give the food -LRB- and the excellent filtration setup -RRB- a lot of credit for this kind of success . OH , and the fish coloring is excellent too . The fish also seem to really enjoy eating it up ! It is a bit over-priced and that 's the reason for 4 star rating .
 I 've used hikari cichlid gold with my severum since I got them . They were roughly quarter sized at that time and now they are approximately an inch thick and probably 7 to 8 inches from mouth to tip of tail . They have thrived , growing nicely and even spawning occasionally . I 've never had trouble with apathetic feeding or water clouding . If you buy I hope you have as much luck as I have had with it and thank you for reading my review .
 trusted brand , the fish hasnt complained yet . i usually mix these with the other hikari pellets like the veggie ones , shrimp pellets & live food for my midas .
 I bought this during the recent Amazon Toys Sale . The car requires 8 D batteries to operate and 3 AA batteries for the bubble generator in the back . The button to operate the car and the bubble generator is on the right handle bar -LRB- throttle -RRB- and situate back far enough so if the child just want to push the car manually , it does n't get push accidentally . The button is sensitive enough so that the 2 years old little finger can operate the car with a slight push . It takes a little while for the bubble to come out , so the child have to travel a distance of couple feet before seeing the bubbles . Overall , my 2 years old enjoy her car a lot for a past few days
 My little niece LOVES her little ride-on ! It went together pretty easily , and holds up real well with lots of riding . All her little friends want turns riding it and they have so much fun with the bubbles flying through the air while it goes ! I 'm so glad I got this . Highly recommended .
 I recieved this yesterday . It 's cute and very easy to put together ! I think it 's small but gosh for $ 25.00 you are not going to get something huge ! But I think she will like it . Got it for her Birthday and thats still a couple days away so we will see !! Hopefully she will like it as much as I do . But it is small .
 We bought this for our daughter 's Rose Petal Cottage . It looks very cute and the faucet handles turn . It was also very quick and easy to assemble .
 This play sink is very easy to assemble , and it fits right in the Rose Petal Cottage . After well over a year of hard play , the finishes are in good condition . Considering it is basically glorified cardboard with strategic plastic parts and framing , I am very surprised at how durable this thing actually turned out . Our Rose Petal Cottage is played with daily by 3 kids , so its really being put through its paces.In all , if you have the Rose Petal Cottage , you should get this sink and as many of the other pieces before they disappear from this secondary market . While the Cottage is huge , and takes up a lot of real estate in any home , it will last and get multiple years of play to your kids . This makes even more sense if you have multiple children close in age . All 3 of mine can fit inside the house and play together , for now .
 The rose petal cottage and matching sink , dryer and stove were a big hit with my 5 and 2 yr old . The house was so much sturdier than I had thought and you ca n't beat it for the price.I would buy again and would buy for a present .
 This was a big hit at Christmas !! The kids all love it and it was so EASY to put together !!
 I was hesitant to purchase these toys as they seemed kinda cheaply made and expensive , but was outvoted as we have the rest of the Rose Petal Cottage . We have had them for over a year now , and it is played with by several children everyday and has held up very well .
 This set is great for little ones . It says ages 3 + but my 2 year old loves this and it is the perfect size for her . I ca n't see it being played with for more than a year or two . The sets are very small , only about 2 feet tall . But she loves loves loves it now!If your little one likes to play house , this is a great starter set .
 This is a great toy for pretend play . My DD is the perfect height for it . She likes to wash all of her toys and her hands and cook with it.Great addition to our cottage .
 This is the perfect addition to the Rose Petal cottage . My daughter loves it . It was easy to put together .
 I got the entire rose petal cottage set for my daughter for christmas . It is super duper cute and even easier to put together ! i thought my husband would be spending christmas day putting all these pieces together , but I did it all in under an hour ... !
 So cute . The nobs turn . It is so much fun watching her wash her hands . It is great practice . One more step to being a big girl .
 My daughter got the house for Chirstmas 2007 and I 've been bying one on one the other parts.She loves it . she plays all the time and she is amaze with her house.This is an appliance that goes with the house .
 taking care of our germs after potty . Zoie makes sure her babies wash after potty time and brush their teeth before bed .
 Daughter LOVES it ! She 's in her own little world when she 's in her Playhouse with all of her `` kitchen stuff . ''
 Easy to put together . Under `` 5 `` s love it -- both boys and girls . Encourages imaginative play .
 This game is enjoyed by many of the young children that I teach . They especially like the completing the section in which the same phrase is produced using different emotions ! From the teacher 's perspective it is a quick and easy way to address social role playing with young kids . I use it as a follow up to specific lessons that address social skills .
 This doll was only $ 3 ... for that much money you can not expect any better . I would say the doll is worth that price easily or more . It 's a small doll -LRB- which is what we were after for our 2 year old . It does look like a wrinkly little newborn ... alien square head and all haha ! It would be nice if you could find an outfit or two for a doll this size for an older child . That is my only real complaint .
 This is not an outstanding product , but at this price you ca n't expect perfection . It required a minor repair after about 2 weeks of playing by my 5 and 2 year-olds -LRB- the glue holding the tray to one of the arms failed and had to be re-glued -RRB- . The repair has held up fine . My girls love it , and it was a great gift from Santa to have under the tree .
 Gamewright is one of the better game manufacturers for kids of all ages . Slamwich has been their most noted game , but I believe that Toss Your Cookies is even more fun.COMPONENTS :56 cards consisting of 48 cookie cards -LRB- 8 varieties of 6 each -RRB- , 4 half-eaten cookies , 3 wild cards , and 1 milk card . The cards are round and made of thick cardboard , with a picture on one side and a checkerboard backing on the other . They appear to be plastic coated .2 dice
 My 7 and 9 year olds love this game , especially the 7 year old . Elements of old maid and gin rummy combine with a great theme . Some strategy and a lot of luck put every player on an equal field . Great addition to the game closet .
 This game wo n't make your kid smarter or more likely to become a great musician or anything , but it sure will keep them happy ! The thing that makes this a really great game -- its key selling point for me , is that it truly is a game for `` all ages '' -- say 6 on up . Often times a game for all ages means that the younger children are bored or the older children are bored -LRB- and the parents are very bored -RRB- but they can all , at least technically , play . This game is actually really fun for everyone . It is completely random , so there is no skill set required , which is great for younger kids , but the randomness is anarchistic and not boring at all which is great for adults on down . We play this game all the time . Any time any child has a play date this game comes out and hilarity ensues . Do yourself a favor and buy it right now -- it 's worth every penny.BTW I did n't give it 5 star durability because the milk card WILL get damaged , and they should have included extra 's , but it is otherwise a five star durablily as well
 This game is easy to learn and my kids -LRB- both under 7 -RRB- can play it together without `` mom help '' . Great for a rainy day !
 I love cookies , so when I saw this game , I knew I was going to love it ! The ` cards ' are actually very cute and tantilizing cookies that get tossed about in the game . Who can have cookies without milk ? So there is a much desired ` milk ' card as well , this one got a little mangled because of this necessity . This game is great fun for all ages , and anyone can win !
 Got this game for my nieces and nephew for Christmas and they opened it and started &#34; Tossing their Cookies &#34; immediately ! They love this game but just like past reviews have said , they wish there was an extra or replacement milk card !
 My nephew LOVES this game & is in his glory playing this game and asking everyone who comes over to join him .
 I got this for my 7-year old . She loves the game ! It has a lot of rules so takes some practice and then you get the hang of it . Too difficult to play with her 4-year old sister so has to wait to play with me .
 We bought this based on the reviews and they were right . Such a fun game ! We played it several times this past weekend with my 5 year old and his aunt and uncle . Everyone had fun . We plan on buying more as gifts .
 We received this from my brother with high recommendations . We love it ! Our boys -LRB- ages 4 and 3 -RRB- really enjoy playing this game and can sort of follow the rules too ! We had my in-laws over at Christmas and it was a huge hit with the adults too . Super fun game for all ages , highly recommend .
 My five and eight year old enjoyed this game alot . My parents -LRB- who generally do n't like to play games -RRB- also had fun playing . Simple game to learn also .
 THIS DOLL IS GORGEOUS !!! AND SHE IS VERY REASONABLY PRICED HERE ! I HIGHLY RECCOMEND THIS DOLL ! 5 VERY BIG STARS !!!! SIMPLY A BEAUTIFUL MEYGAN DOLL !!!! NICE CLOTHES , HAIR & MAKE-UP . AND A BARGAIN PRICE !
 these blocks are great so much better than just square ones lets the imagination roam
 I bought this set for my 18 month old son . The blocks are smooth and high quality . they are a little smaller than I expected , but I would not change my mind about buying the set for him ; after all , the blocks are a reasonable price from a brand name company and they are certainly not small enough to be a chocking hazard . He loves stacking them -LRB- he can already get a stack of four or five blocks high -RRB- as well as pretending that they are phones , etc. . I am even considering buying another set .
 The blocks arrived promptly as described . Would definitely do business with again .
 My child loves his Brio Blocks ! These natural blocks are great because they have no paint so I am not concerned if he puts them in his mouth . They are also quite durable , and allows my son to build things that only his little mind can come up with .
 the best toy for toddlers , my godson spends hours playing with them ! very durable and engaging.in fact i used to have a set as a child and they had the same effect .
 I got this toy recently because I felt it was important that my daughter begin to play with blocks . she has nesting blocks , but gets frustrated when the blocks fall into the `` nest '' and dont stack up . This toy is fun for her , she seems to enjoy playing with the smaller blocks , and her mommy seems to enjoy building more than she does ! however , im happy with my purchase because I know this is a good investment , the blocks are durable , they will last me for future children , and im sure my daughter will love them when she sees how much i love them !! A worthwhile purchase .
 I was anticipating larger pieces than what I received . I had a large set or wood blocks of the same design as a child but were much larger . These are good and my 2 year old enjoys playing with them because they are smaller and lighter . It 's just the clean up afterward which is the problem .
 The blocks are nice , but I was hoping they 'd be a little bigger . They are made of good-quality wood and the edges are eased so no sharp corners .
 Of everything he got for Christmas , this is the only thing he plays with on a daily basis . He plays with them non-stop most days . The only thing I wish is that the blocks were bigger . They were actually smallr than I thought they would be . He likes them , and they do n't make obnoxious noise like a good percentage of his other toys , so I ca n't complain .
 All three children -LRB- and adults , too -RRB- enjoy creating towers and castles with the blocks . Learn balance , shapes , design , and motor skills while using creativity to build . Got the natural to avoid any paint chipping .
 The blocks were smaller than I expected them to be , but are actually more appropriate for an 18 month old 's small hands . As he gets older he may find them too small .
 These blocks are perfect for the little ones . Not too big llike some blocks can be . My son loves them !
 With all the high tech toys out there , it 's great to get back to the basics . Both of my son and daughter enjoy building houses , forts , ` space castles ' and more . This a great item for the kids and fun for Dad too .
 My 3 year old loves building so much that I had to get him another set of these great blocks so he could create more elaborate towers .
 Not only does the baby love these -LRB- so far holding , manipulating , rotating , etc. and mouthing -RRB- these , but we really enjoy them too . We 've been building towers for him to knock over and have discovered that Mama and Papa each have their own unique architectural styles and techniques . I love the natural wood and the pieces are sized well so that they fit together nicely -LRB- 2 of one = 1 of another ; 3 of one = 1 of another , etc. -RRB- . I would definitely buy these as gifts for other people or buy more for ourselves when the baby is ready for more complicated tower building .
 My sons loves to build and these blocks are great for hand coordination and imagination .
 We bought these blocks for our two year old son because he liked stacking his legos so much . The legos and megablocks have been put in the closet since he opened these at Christmas . Anyone with a toddler knows how hard it is to keep them focused on any one thing for very long . Our son will play with these blocks for 20 minutes straight without stopping ! He loves to build all of his fisher-price alphabet animals a house and then knock it down to build a house for the next lucky animial . These blocks are the first thing he goes for in his playroom everyday . I love to sit and watch him as he analyzes each piece and decides which would be the best to build his house with . It 's great for hand/eye coordination and its got to be good for self-esteem and imagination .
 My daughter loves stacking these blocks on top of each other . She has learnt to stack them when she was a little over a year . This is a versatile toy which can be fun for many years . I saw people complaining that the blocks were small , but this is just the size such small kids can easily manipulate , I think . I highly recommend !
 This is a good product . It is exactly what you want from a block set . 50 blocks is a lot . Natural and safe . I suggest this product .
 These are great . My two year old is telling me shapes now and learning how to build towers . It helps her to understand concepts like spacial reasoning and gravity . I like how there is no paint to chip off -LRB- or get chewed off by the little ones - you never know what is in there . . -RRB- This set is relatively small but just right for a toddler . If you feel like building a tower complex along with your child you will certainly want to buy more than one set .
 My now 3-year-old has enjoyed these blocks since she could barely stack them on top of each other . She plays with them more consistently than any other toy she has , except perhaps some of her stuffed animals . They 're also a lot more affordable than many block sets out there . I 'm planning to get an extra set to keep at her aunt 's and her grandmother 's house .
 My grandson loves these . He likes naming the shapes and building garages for his trucks with them.they keep him busy and let him use his imagination .
 These blocks were everything and more than what we expected when we ordered them . All natural and unpainted blocks in the same quantity elsewhere can cost twice as much and not be half as smooth.We thoroughly enjoy them , the kids have chewed on , played with and thrown these blocks and they have held up to time and two sets of new teeth!I highly recommend these .
 Okay , okay , so I enjoy collecting the occasional plush animal . Guilty as charged . But this husky is a tender little guy . Just the right balance of pudgy fluff and sturdy strength , not to mention big , adorable eyes and the trademark husky tail makes this plush a great gift . Whether you 're a diehard plush collector , or just want a cute companion , this husky is great . I 'm happy to have one .
 This bingo box is a great value - however it seems they are no longer availableand we would like to make another purchase
 This is also a wonderful game and I love it alot . Just ca n't find it no where .
 We have had this toy for over a year now and it has been used pretty roughly , stored even more roughly but has withstood it all . The kids love it and when they have playdates all the kids take turns and have a ball , little knowing that they are also exercising ! The only reason I did n't give it a 5 star is that the honeybee at the end gets bent so much that it is difficult to keep it off the ground and it gets dragged around . Not good for carpet but works okay on our wood floor .
 This toy is a hit in my house ! My children both love it ! They will play their own variations for hours . It is fairly durable . I wish there was a mute button because the music can become annoying after a while . I love the fact that this game requires my kids to move . It is great for movement control and timing .
 Kids aged 3 to 9 loved it . They burn up alot of energy . Needs level area . Did n't work well on asphalt .
 It was the funniest thing when they first started playing with it . It 's great to get your kids up and moving . We have had it almost a month , and no problems yet . Our children are 2.5 and 5 .
 I give it 4 stars because the kids really like it . I thought it was just ok . Nothing special . The best thing I can say about it is , it gets the kids up and jumping and laughing .
 My 2.5 year old never stops moving and this was just what we need for rainy/cold days that she ca n't go outside . She runs and jumps all of her energy out !
 My daughter , almost 5 and a year after receiving it last Christmas , is playing this right now , and I 'm so happy w/Honeybee Hop that I 'm on Amazon to see if there 's another game like this that is as fun and encourages activity as much as this one does . HH is one of her favorites and always gets pulled for playdates , and she pulls it out regularly , especially when she 's been cooped up all day due to the weather or just needs to jump around to get the sillies out . I love it ! As much as I like educational games , I think it 's important to have things that get kids moving and are just plain fun . This fits the bill.I did find it hard to fit the pieces together initially , but that was a one time thing and someone stronger than a middle-aged woman probably would n't have the same problem . It also looks like it wo n't last , but it seems to be much sturdier than it appears . Of course , it 's been used a lot , but not thrown around or treated too roughly . As an fyi though , I 'm pretty sure I paid around $ 12 for this .
 Got this for my granddaughter last year for her 3rd birthday and she still loves it ! She tends to play `` chase '' with it more than actually jumping over the arm as it spins around . I did n't know anything about it before I bought it had never seen or heard of it before , however it was her favorite toy by far -LRB- she has a December birthday , and got totally spoiled between her party and christmas , so this toy had a lot of competition ! -RRB- I would highly recommend it to any preschooler !
 Purchased this last xmas -LRB- 2008 -RRB- for a then 4 and 2 year old . Build quality is very good as this has now held up to a year of abuse and is still working . They also still play with it a year later which is also outstanding . Not something they have ever played with for more then 15 mintues at a time , but one of the few toys they will return to again and again . Now 3 and 5 years old , they both enjoy jumping over it as do their friends in the same age group . They also like seeing what they can get it to crash into and what they can crash into it as it spins around , hence why I am so suprised it is still working . -LRB- They also have figured out it is fun to try and jump on the bee and the green tube it spins on -RRB- . Works on berber and flat surfaces best , but will works on low level shag , just a little slower . Not a very complicated concept , it just spins around and plays music , but the kids like it . One of the toys that has been well worth the price -LRB- and the price is actually very nice on it -RRB- . I would recommend it for 2-5 year olds .
 I bought this toy for my 2 year old . It was a big hit not only for her but for my 7 year old and 9 year old -LRB- who has special needs -RRB- . They all could jump at this same time . This was a year ago and they still pull it out and jump with it . I even jump with them here and there . It has lasted and they still have fun with it . I paid less then $ 10 for it , and so it was a great deal . Very happy with it .
 We have been delighted with this toy . Our four-year old daughter has played with it for hours and hours both alone and with her friends . It 's wonderful to have a toy that gets her up and moving even when it 's too cold to play outside . She has been playing with it for over a month now on the same set of batteries and it 's still going strong . We have all stepped on it and fallen on it about a hundred times without hurting it at all -- it seems to be very tough . I would recommend the Honeybee Hop 100 % .
 Living in the Northeast , this toy have been great for indoor active play over the winter . My 4 year old loves it . She 's become better and better at jumping and hopping and after 15 minutes , she 's also gotten a great workout . My 1 year old loves the sound is tries to jump in as well .
 While the intent of this game is for kids to jump over the bee as it comes near them , my kids have spent countless hours chasing the bee around and around in a circle . As an adult , I still do n't quite understand the appeal of making yourself dizzy , but my kids LOVE this game and never seem to tire of it . And the best part is that it has stood the test of time . My 7-year old still plays with it!We have had the toy for several years and it still works great .
 I got this for my 3 year and 19 month old . They both loved it . They had more fun chasing it rather then jumping over it .
 I set this up for my 3 year old one morning and it literally ran all day long . It may appear to be simplistic . Well , it is . It 's just a bug on a stick that goes around and around . But it 's an amazing amount of fun . You 've got the basic hop over the bee game which is more fun with more people . Get two or three kids trying to jump and there WILL be collisions so extra fun . We 've also discovered some interesting educational potential . Besides the basic count how many times you can jump , my son wanted to see what would make it stop . Would a matchbox car stop it ? -LRB- no -RRB- Would his tank stop it ? -LRB- yes ! -RRB- Then we had fun putting balls in the path and trying to predict where they would end up as they got shot out of the circle . As a bonus , in order to use this toy , you need a circle of about 4 feet in diameter so toys need to be picked up first ! And it 's not just good exercise for your child . Play it with them and you WILL get a workout !
 My three year-old daughter loves running around after the bee and catching it . It seems to be pretty durable and easy to move . The only cons are it does n't run on carpet . Plus , the music is loud and does n't come with an on/off button .
 Bought this for my 3 year-old daughter 's birthday , and the first day she had it she played with it for over an hour and got hot and sweaty . She does n't play with it daily but does seem to really like it -LRB- had it about a month -RRB- and best of all will play by herself with it . It has 2 speeds and makes a silly noise when the bee `` catches '' you -LRB- when it runs into your feet and legs if you miss jumping over it -RRB- - designed to run around , jump over the bee as it zooms by , etc. . Seems very good to pull out when bored for a little indoor exercise and small enough to stick in a closet or carry to any room . Really a super simple toy but seems durable and entertaining , even for the dog and for me ! Takes 3 C batteries .
 I got this for my 5-year-old for Christmas , and she absolutely LOVES it ! It 's great for giving the kids a way to get some energy out when it 's raining or they can not go out to play . My 7-year-old even enjoys playing with it . Here 's a tip
 My almost 3-year-old son got this at Xmas , and it was his favorite gift . He says `` I want to chase the bee '' . He does more chasing and getting dizzy than jumping over at this point . The song can get a little annoying after a while , but it definitely entertains him for longer than you would think .
 Clearly this toy is a lot of fun for my son , but I expected more sound effects and music fragments . Also it 's not loud enough . I doubt he hears music and sound effects when he is giggling or gasping while playing with the toy . Although some can consider low volume to be a positive thing .
 As I write we are into the second hour of play with one boy two girls 4 , 8 & 9 year olds.This year I decided that most of the toys would be `` family toys '' vs toys for one child only to get the kids to play together more . Also we have tough winter weather and I really wanted indoor games that would appeal to my boy and girl aged 4 & 8 year olds , We bought several toys under this catagory -LRB- Mousetrap , Elefun , Carrera Slotcar trac , Tinker Toy etc. -RRB- and to my suprise the Honeybee Hop is the hands down favorite!This toy is so simple ! It is showing to be quite durable and the music is not too annoying , especially as it is drowned out by the giggles and laughter ! This is a great workout the three kids currently using it are all very sweaty!I would ignor that it looks like a baby game as this would work for older kids too . This would make a great BDay game toy . Also I think a hilarious drinking game for adults too !! Enjoy !
 This was an unexpected , hidden gem of a gift . Great for a kids up to age 10 or so . Non-stop laughs . Before using it , I was worried that my kids would trip over it . No need to worry , it 's flexible and durable enough that it stops at the slightest obstacle . Silly sound effects . Only downside is that it is a bit loud with no volume control .
 I bought this for my five year olds birthday party but we just could n't wait to try it out . She LOVES it and so does her 1 1/2 year old sister :-RRB- They jump over it and run from it , haha . It seems pretty durable thus far , my 1 1/2 year old has stomped on it , thrown it and it still works fine . The surface must be flat though , or the bee will stop turning .
 I bought it for my 4 year old for Christmas . She enjoys it and it is cute to watch . I even get to join in on occasion . It is n't exactly educational , but it is active and teaches coordination .
 My mother bought this toy for my 3 1/2 year old son for Christmas and it was a big hit ! What a great toy for the winter months and rainy days . He loves it and it helps him express a little energy when he is feeling kind of wild and ca n't go outside to run it off . He loves it . Highly recommend .
 I gave this to my 3 year old granddaughter for her birthday . She loved it ! Everytime it came time for her to jump , she would scream and giggle . Good for teaching listening and anticipation skills , jumping and eye-foot coordination .
 Ok , so I 'll admit that this game is n't perfect , but I still give it 5 stars ... it was just so much fun ! Seriously , everyone -LRB- Mom , Dad , and 3 year old -RRB- were laughing so hard while we played this that tears came to our eyes . My daughter asks for this game all the time ... and because it encourages so much movement/physical activity , I 'm more than willing to compromise on a few things . You got ta love games that both keep kids moving and laughing at the same time ! -LRB- BTW - Things I would change
 Bought this for my active 6 year olds ' birthday . . she is in Kindergarten . We all love this game . . it was the hit of the party . My 8 and 10 year old enjoy playing it as well ... it has an acceleration speed for the older kids . We use this toy on the hard floor in the house , as the bee does not roll well on the carpet . Fun `` winter '' activity for all ages , when the weather is too cold for outside activity . Durable and batteries last a long time .
 This is a great toy on many different levels . My daughter is a very athletic and active 3 year old . Now that the weather has turned colder , I am looking for ways to keep her active . She loves the Honeybee Hop . We add variety to the game by throwing and catching balls or making the Honeybee part of a circuit of activities such as a mini trampoline and wobble boards.I rate it high in educational value because active children do better with reading , drawing and other academic activities . We do our physical activity with the Honeybee , then she is ready to sit down and do her letters and numbers .
 For a fairly inexpensive toy , the Honeybee Hop was the highlight of our holiday festivities . It was the toy that could be put together the fastest , for one , but it was one that everyone enjoyed . Originally intended for my 2.5 year old daughter to aid her in learning to jump properly -LRB- she received PT and OT for lower muscle tone -RRB- , it wound up being a hit with my 5 year old , my 7 year old nephew and even 11 year old neice . I have to admit that even I enjoyed it for a few minutes on the high speed setting . It was good for a few laughs and since it was received a few weeks ago , I would say it is used almost every other day . A very cute toy , one that could easily be used while watching TV to get the kids up and moving , and the price is right . We also received a Gant trampoline and since I have two kids , if one is using the trampoline , the other is equally satisfied jumping over the Honeybee Hop for a while too . In fact some times , that was the preferred toy over the trampoline.Two thumbs up from a discerning mom ! PS i would definitely get it for a younger child and not purchase it for a child older than 3 -- but as I said , it is enjoyed by all .
 Bought this for 2 year old twin boys and their 3 year old sister . The boys like to chase the bee or let the bee chase them and the 3 year old likes to jump as the toy was intended . There are a lot of giggles while they are playing .
 I 'm impressed by how durable this product is when it 's basically meant for kids to stomp all over . I ca n't think of how it could be improved . It runs well on carpet or hardwoods -LRB- although I think deep shag could present a challenge -RRB- . Our kids -LRB- boys ages 6 and 4 -RRB- are always squealing with joy whenever we bring out this toy . Plus , it 's a great way to wear out the kids with indoor exercise when the weather outside is frightful .
 My kids , ages 2 and 3 , received this honeybee toy for Christmas . Three months later , it is still played with daily . This was definitely the runaway hit of Christmas . They started out just chasing it , but now they 're starting to jump over it . Our 6-yr old neighbor will come over and work up a sweat jumping over it for 15 minutes or more . It 's great for those days you 're stuck inside all day and the kids have energy to burn . The ` Flight of the Bumblebee ' song has definitely started to drive my husband crazy , though , because they will literally have it going for 30 minutes or more straight . It has also withstood some wear and tear . They 've dragged it around , pretended it was a horse stick to ride on , and bent the stick -- it 's still working just fine and the stick always seems to straighten out . They love this toy !
 We gave it to 4 grandchildren , ages 2-4 , with very different personalities and they all love it . Older siblings enjoyplaying along and like the `` Flight of the Bumblebee '' music . No one ever feels like the loser and everyone can play at once so there is no problem with children who do n't share very well . Provides great exercise on a snowy day .
 I initially bought this at Toys R us but found it to be $ 5 less on amazon with free shipping . So I returned the one I got there . My kids absolutely love this . I have a 4 year old that I bought it for but my 7 year old likes it too . It is alot of fun . The only downside is it gets really annoying after a short time between the music it plays and the jump , jump , jumping . It will be fun to use outside in the warmer weather . But there is no doubt this is a winner . We love it !!!
 I got this for my girls just for the heck of it . They really have a great time running from the bee and jumping the bee . They are 6 and 9 years old and I thought maybe too old , but they are having a blast with it . They have played with it every day since it got here . They laugh and giggle , which makes it worth every penny . It is really great exercise for them . We need more products like this on the market that get kids up and moving around . Very glad I made this purchase .
 At our house , kids from 2 to 7 have loved it . They love to run around and jump . Every time this toy is brought out , it is a hit !
 I recommend setting this up where the loud and obnoxious `` music '' this game creates and that has no volume control will not bother you , but it is a great toy . My 3 yr old daughter absolutely loves it and burns up lots of energy playing with it . It looks a little flimsy but has n't broken yet and we 've had it for a year . It is good for helping foster gross motor coordination . Buy it !
 I have a very active and sometimes destructive 2 year old and a four year old girl . They love honeybee hop . My son has not broke it yet which I think is miraculous . Yes the music can get annoying but they like it . Works great on the kitchen floor and is great for when they have much more energy than I do . It wears them out enough that we can sit down and relax afterward . They create many interesting ways to use it . Sometimes they run from it , sometimes hop over it and some times my son just watches it for awhile and then tries to catch it.We got it for them for christmas and it was well worth the money . The batteries have not yet had to be replaced .
 My son loves this game , it 's so fun for him to play and for us to watch . Sometimes he stands and hops , other times he chases the bee , and sometimes he lets the bee chase him . It gets progressively faster and he just squeals with delight as runs around . It 's very sturdy also , he 's stepped on the bar a few times and it did n't bend or get ruined . I would highly recommend this game !
 This toy is hilarious ! My 3 year old AND 7 year old love it . All three of us laugh hysterically when we get this out . When I first put it together , I thought that it did n't look very durable and would break easily , but that has proven to not `` bee '' the case . It has endured hundreds of hops right on top of the plastic pole and the bee , and the toy just keeps right on going ! Even funnier is the music that is being played , `` The Flight of the Bumblebee . '' It is so infectious , do n't be surprised if you find yourself hopping along with your kids ! I agree with another reviewer , it is a great winter activity because it wears the kids out , quickly . Believe me , your kids will love this , I do n't care what their interests are !!! This is the best toy I have ever bought for the entertainment value and the price . You will not be disappointed .
 This toy is a win-win . It allows for good physical activity indoors and the children love to play it . It ' great fun , the noises and music are very cute .
 I purchased this for my 6 year old grandson . At first I thought he might be too old for it but as it turns out , even the 8 and 9 year old children enjoy it . Very durable and reminds me of jumping rope .
 I bought this for my daughter 's 5th birthday and she , her 6 year-old sister , and her 8 year-old brother LOVE it ! It is hilarious to watch them jump over , run after , or chase the bee . So far , it seems very durable as they have landed on the bar holding the bee several times and it still works . They get great exercise playing with it . It does work great on our laminate kitchen floor ; it does not work very well on carpet . I have played with them too . I am so glad I bought this toy .
 Santa brought this toy last year for my then 5 year old daughter . It was one of her favorite toys under the tree . A great challenge , lots of fun , tons of giggles , and turned out to be a favorite of any of her friends who came over for a playdate this past year . Unfortunately , after a lot of use , poor Honey Bee Hop bit the dust last month . 10 months after Santa left it under the tree , the motor died . I 'd say it lasted through two to three battery changes in it 's lifetime , but the last battery change could n't revive it . I considered buying a new one because it was so much fun , but I 'm not sure if I want to spend the money if the toy is only going to last another year . My daughter is older now , so perhaps I 'll just have her graduate to a jump rope ... P.S. . The toy worked on hardwood , ceramic tile and berber carpet equally well for us when my daughter played with it . Kids tend to run around a lot when this toy is on , instead of just standing still and waiting for the bee to swing by , so the moderate speed is actually a good thing . I would recommend this toy !
 We have owned this toy for over a year now , and the kids -LRB- now 4 & 2 -RRB- still love it . They chase the bee and jump over the bee . They enjoy this toy more than I could have imagined . It does run on our berber carpet , but not on our plush carpet . We also have plenty of room on the kitchen floor as well . We recently had a playdate and even the two friends loved this toy . It really was a great buy for the kids .
 I got this toy on a whim but it was easily the funnest toy my 4yr old got for Christmas . Very durable -LRB- 4 kids ages 4-9 -RRB- terrorize this toy on a weekly basis and it has withstood all their rough play . It is now mid August and my daughter still asks to play with this toy all the time . They get very creative in their jumps over the arm and I still laugh watching them being silly . My only complaint , I wish it went a little bit faster for even more of a challenge . Oh well . ca n't have everything .
 We bought Honey Bee Hop by Hasbro for a three year old . She loves the music and laughs trying to hop over the wand . Grownups have to hop with her , and that makes it even more funfor everyone . It is a good activity toy for young children .
 My kids absolutely love this toy ! My youngest got it for her birthday last week . The only thing I do n't really like is the fact that with normal use -LRB- over 3 days -RRB- , we have gone through 2 sets of batteries and the high speed setting no longer works . I love the laughter and fun that my kids are having , but it 's frustrating ... the things that have gone amiss already after only having it for 3 days . I am giving this toy 5 stars because of the fun factor .
 MY GRANDAUGHTER IS 3 AND SHE LOVES THIS.SHE CAN PLAY BY HERSELF OR WITH FRIENDS.I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS FOR ALL CHILDREN.AS A GRANDPARENT I AS VERY PLEASED .
 I just got this for my granddaughter 's 4th birthday . What a hoot ! Adults and kids alike were playing ! This toy is good old fashioned fun ! Even the 21 month-old played !
 This is easy to put together , when you buy this , remember to buy batteries for it ! We got this for my daughter for Christmas , and it kept her entertained for a long time ! She wanted to play it with her cousins at Christmas , so we brought it along . It kept the kids busy for at least an hour , so us adults could have actual adult time ! I definitely recommend this toy !
 I got this for my daughter 's birthday almost 2 years ago and she and her friends LOVED it . I have to admit the music is loud and annoying but the kids laughs are even louder b/c they have a blast !! Basically , you hit the large orange button on top and the arm begins to swing around . The bee on the end of the arm has a little wheel on the bottom and just rides right around while the children jump over the arm as it gets to them . If the arm hits them -LRB- they do n't jump in time -RRB- it makes a cute little sound and the arms stops -LRB- depending on how you play that child is out -RRB- . It has 2 speeds , which is great when you have younger kids too . My 2 kids -LRB- 7 yo boy and 4 yo girl -RRB- just had friend over -LRB- 7 yo & 3 yo -RRB- and the 4 of them pulled this out of all of our toys -LRB- trampolines , xbox , chalkboard , ride on jeep , play kitchen ... -RRB- and played with this for the longest of anything . It is such and easy , simple idea and toy that it 's hard to believe it could be that entertaining but it is !! It also is great exercise and great for practicing agility . My kids have stomped on it , fell on it and tripped over it and it has never broken or come apart -- VERY DURABLE . I would buy this again and will be buying it as b ` day gifts for friends in the future . GREAT BUY !
 I got this for my three nieces , ages 3 - 5 and they went CRAZY over it ! My sister really wanted me to get them a gift that did n't require batteries , but it 's so fun to watch it 's well worth it . It 's a very simple game , just jump over the stick when it comes by , which may sound a little stupid , but the kids have so much fun doing it and as it goes around it plays `` Flight of the Bumblebee '' . I highly recommend it for any little kids .
 Both my 4 year old and 2 year old sons love this game . To be honest , they do n't even play by the rules . They like to pretend the bee is chasing them and they run in circles trying to get away from it . They laugh and laugh , and sometimes collapse on the floor in hysterics . Great toy .
 Just as the title suggests , this was a very fun toy . Got it for Christmas last year , and my boys loved jumping over the little bee . That 's about all there is to it . Jumping over a little bee . Great concept that probably made some dude a million dollars -LRB- wish I 'd have thought of it -RRB- . However , as with most any toy that has to endure 4 rowdy boys , it lasted about 5 or 6 months and then became used as other things -LRB- i.e.-swords , throwing objects , etc. -RRB- . Needless to say , this toy -LRB- or any of the parts that I 'm aware of -RRB- are still residing in our home . -LCB- I will admit , though ... I had fun jumping over that darned bee , too . -RCB-
 Santa brought this toy for our 3 year old son and he really has fun trying to avoid the bee . The 2 different speed setting are nice especially when he was first trying it out and getting the hang of it . It 's a fun game that keeps him active !
 I bought this toy for my 3-year-old girl . Total fulfillment of joy and happiness ... for about 15 minutes . It is fun to watch the little ones jump and miss , as they learn to use their perception and anticipate the next jump over the stick . A volume control on the music would be a bonus , but overall fun for the 3-year-olds , which is what really counts .
 This product represents everything I hate in a toy . It plays electronic music during the entire time it is operating and is made of brightly colored plastics.That said , my 3 year old daughter LOVES it . Even my 7 year old son , who HATES dancing , jumping , etc. , joins in this game.The music -LRB- Flight of the Bumblebee -RRB- plays in a nice quality tone , instead of that high annoying pitch so common in kid 's products.It is a very simple concept and easy to use . The kid -LRB- s -RRB- jump over the bee each time it comes around . If they jump too fast or too slow and the bee bumps into them it makes a comical `` sproing '' sound and then starts over again . There is a second setting for faster play which allows the game to be fun for older children as well.We will definitely use this at birthday parties and on every rainy day . I would say this is better than a certain popular elephant/butterfly game because just as many kids can join in and it requires little intervention from adults.A great way to get the wiggles out , learn coordination , and play together .
 This is fun . It is good exercise jumping over the arm . Also works on balance and eye foot coordination .
 I bought this for a grandchild based on the reviews I read . It is simple to use and was enjoyed by our group of 2-6 year olds , though the 4-6 year olds seemed to enjoy it most . It was perfect for burning up some of that extra kid energy and it got teens through grandparents up and moving and laughing for a time as well . It worked fine on our carpet which is not very plush . For the most part our young crowd did not play it as an elimination game , but just ran and jumped for giggles and fun . When they tired of jumping , they chased the bee for awhile and then reversed and went back to jumping.So far it has seemed durable and able to withstand the active play . I bought it on sale and think this was a good deal .
 My kids received many things for Christmas but this is the best gift they received ! They play with it several times a day . It 's a great toy for rainy days as well . The only negative is that is it loud ! But otherwise it is highly recommended .
 We bought this toy for our 3 year old son , not realizing how much fun it would be for our whole family.I enjoy playing and so do my 6 and 8 year old ! There are 3 speeds you can select so whether you are 3 and just beginning or a pro like I am now at 30 something , there is fun for everyone . When we have other 3 and 4 year olds over to play it is an instant hit . Our dog even occasionally seems to be ` trying ' to play with us ! Since our purchase we have gifted it several times each with a hearty thank you . We play on the tile or wood floor which is perfect for the maximum benefit of the honey bee movement . If you are giving as a gift - do n't forget the batteries .
 This is great fun ! My two four year olds have really enjoyed this . It is a simple toy ; you either chase after the bee or jump over it when it approaches . We play in the foyer but it would be great outdoors as well . I play too and it 's good exercise .
 I bought this for my then 2-year-old -LRB- now 3 -RRB- and he loves it . He constantly drags it out of his closet to play with while I 'm getting ready . It 's also a good toy for his older brother to play with him - no rules but lots of activity ! I would agree with the person that said it would be nice if it could easily be taken apart . It is difficult to store .
 I got this toy for my daughter and she loves it ! She played with it constantly the first few days and now it is about a month later and she still plays with it . My cat even loves it ! It is so cute watching them both play with this toy . It is a great toy and I recommend it highly !
 I liked this toy beause it was a great physical activity , especially because you can do it indoors . My only problem with it is that it is too loud ! We hd to put tape over the speaker .
 I am pleasantly surprised to find out how much my 4 year old loves this game.The toy is almost like a beginner 's jump rope and is perfect for indoor playtime . I was honestly unsure whether my daughter would be coordinated enough to jump over it repeatedly , but she can and loves it ! She enjoys coming up with different ways to skip/leap/hop / leapfrog over it.Best parts : It 's a great way to run around on cold or wet days.It is something she can play alone.It has gotten accidentally stomped on a few times and is still going strong.She keeps coming back to it repeaetedly.I think it is good for physical development and developing coordination.A few things to consider -LRB- not a problem for me , but possibly could be for others -RRB- : It needs a pretty large circle of open space to operate . A circle with a diameter of about 6 feet.It plays music constantly -LRB- flight of the bumblebee -RRB- and there is no way to turn it down . It 's not as obnoxiously loud as other toys , but it would be hard to sleep through . : -RRB-
 My 3 year old son has a neurological condition that has resulted in global developmental delays , including not having the coordination to jump & hop like other toddlers . My son 's physical therapist introduced us to this toy as part of the `` therapy , '' and my son went crazy for it . He was laughing so hard , he was just in a giggling heap!The premise of the game is simple , the bee spins around and plays the frenetic `` Flight of the Bumble Bee '' music , and the kid jumps over the bee . But the energy of the music and the activity is what really makes this a great little toy . My son enjoys it so much , he does n't even realize he 's getting a physical therapy workout !
 My girls love this . They are 7,5 , & 4 . We 've had it 10 months . They must have pushed the button 1 too many times since it does n't work anymore . It has 2 speeds and they always want the faster one so my 4yr old often pushes the button too much . Not sure if there was a warranty . It 's so much fun we are buying another one .
 I do n't know where kids get thier energy but they play with this toy for hours . Jumping , falling , rolling , laughing , and screaming , they love it . As a parent , I love it because when they are finished , they go to sleep nice and early . Ahhhhhhh .
 This toy has been a hit for over a year now ! You put it in an open area inside or outside , push the button , the bee wand begins to spin and music plays . The kids jump over the bee wand and if it hits them it stops and make a funky noise . It begins to spin again and the longer it goes the faster it spins and the faster the beat of the music . I believe it has two setting to begin with . I pull this out whenever the kids get antcy and get them moving . My 4 & 7 year old love the happy bee.I would say the only two things that are n't great are that the max amount of kids that can play with it are 3 at a time and sometimes I ca n't get the tune out of my head ! lol .
 My 4 yr old got this yesterday as a gift and she LOVES it ! I 've had it set up and she constantly goes back to it . My older daughters love it too and they are 7 and 9 years old . They 've jumped over it , chased it around , had the bee chase them , run in and out of the circle , and even got Grandpa to jump!What a great way to get exercise when it 's too hot to go outside in the afternoon -LRB- or too cold up north -RRB- . You wo n't regret this purchase .
 Fun toy - our girl loves to jump so it was right up her alley . Easy to assemble but the middle connector does come apart on ours sometimes when in play . Not alot of educational value but it does have good exercise value and does teach coordination/timing . Our daughter has as much fun jumping with it as she does chasing it too ! Even our older neice and nephew -LRB- 10 & 6 -RRB- had fun playing with it !
 My daughter loved this toy but it broke last year so I want to rebuy ... the price was $ 15 so why is it now showing $ 199 ? Typo ?
 My first daughter played with this for at least a year without getting tired of it . By the time my second girl came , the toy was broken from non-use - had to buy another one , and they are NOT cheap!So I gave it 4 out of 5 because it broke and because of price , otherwise , it 's THE BEST TOY !
 This is a great toy for indoor fun-both my kids 5 and 2 1/2 love jumping or running away from the bee . Works best on non-carpeted area but can work on carpet with low pile .
 My daughter aged 4 & 6 years played with this at a friends house . They loved it . I bought it for them for Christmas . Good winter indoor exercise . Must be used on tiles or wood floors . No good on carpet . We have n't had it long so not too sure what the durability will be . Obviously the spinning arm will be jumped on from time to time so we shall see how it holds up . The music can become a little annoying but no more than most kids toys .
 Great toy for my 5 and 6 year old grand children , but is fun for much older children . Although they have a playroom full , they requested the Honeybee Hop every day . The two speeds and 5-inch control button at the top gives the young user complete control of the game with which they are most comfortable . Chasing the bee is a fun warm up before jumping . The turning arm is close to the ground so that stepping on it is not a safety concern , nor , breaks the toy . The toy stops if it touches something in front of it and then continues on when the obstacle is removed . The accompanying song stimulates fun activity keeping every one laughing . I frequently catch the parents joining in the fun and jumping to the children 's delight . Great indoor cardio , coordination and creative play ! The Honeybee Hop can easily be used outside if there is a surface over which the bee can roll . This is definitely one of the better , yet reasonably priced , toys I have purchased .
 This got lost in the gift closet for a while , so I did n't give it to our younger daughter until she turned five . She and her 9-year-old sister and her sister 's best friend -LRB- almost 10 -RRB- play with this thing all the time . It 's completely irritating and noisy -- maybe that 's the appeal ? But they love it and I 'd say it 's been used at least weeky over the past year . House rule is that when they play it , it has to be far , far away from Mommy , or Mommy will yell .
 My youngest daughter received this when she was 2 ... it was soon relinquished to the basement . A year later , I put it in the `` give away '' pile , but pulled it out on second thought . I added new batteries and it was like a new , undiscovered toy ! At age 3 my daughter was much better able to jump over the stick . My 6 year old and 7 year old soon joined in the fun ! They play with it together and laugh their heads off . Plus it gets them moving ! The toy is rather durable for as much as it gets stepped on and tossed around !
 Honeybee Hop is so fun for toddlers ! Bought this as a gift for my neice who is 3 . She had a blast playing with it . Her brother and sister even jumped with it . Helps develop coordination and makes lots of giggles .
 I bought this a couple of years ago when my niece was 3 , as a gift for her . She loved it then and still plays with it now . It has also become my 2 year old nephew 's favorite toy . This is one of those toys that gets pulled out and played with on a regular basis . Sometimes they like to jump over the bee , sometimes they like to be chased by it . It 's always hilarious fun for them when one of the adults joins in and the bee `` catches '' them . My nephew -LRB- who is totally fascinated by all things to do with lawn care -RRB- has been carrying around this toy lately and using it to mimic a grass trimmer - with the bee being the trimmer -LRB- he makes the buzzing sound while he `` operates '' it -RRB- . I do n't know how long this toy will last , but I have to say , it has managed to stand up to quite a beating in the time they 've had it - it 's been dropped and stomped on with great regularity and it keeps on going . It is also a great source of indoor exercise for the kids . They will play with it for a long time , running and jumping the entire time . The only suggestion I have is to use it on hard floors , not carpeting ; it works best that way . The product has a warning regarding use by under age 3 children , but all the parts have remained attached and there 's nothing loose that are obvious hazard to the under-3 set ; I have n't seen any interest on the kids ' part in chewing or biting the toy so we 've had no hesitation with letting the 2 year old play with it .
 HARD TO BEAT FOR THE MONEY AND THE FUN IT BRINGS ON A COLD , WINTRY DAY OR A RAINY DAY ! GREAT EXERCISE FOR THE KIDS ! MY LITTLE GRANDDAUGHTERS BOTH LOVE IT !
 I originally got this toy simply because I wanted an active game for my girls to be able to play when the weather did not cooperate . I am amazed however at just how much good use they have gotten out of it after almost a year . It is still going strong , I think I have only changed the batteries once . We have mostly hardwoods and it definitely lasts longer that way . My girls are 4 and 1 now and both will go and retrieve the toy from where it hangs in the linen closet . The younger can not quite jump over the bee yet but will stand just outside its range and half jump when it comes by . She also loves to watch her big sister play the different chase or rescue scenarios she has invented with it . They have gotten hours of entertainment from this fairly simple toy . The repetative electronic flight of the bumblebee music can get old for adults but it does finally time out and turn itself off if the kids lose interest . More often than not though , big sister will decide they are done and turn it off herself and go hang it back up . -LRB- Yay for mommy ! -RRB- Overall a fabulous purchase that I would make again and definitely recommend .
 Purchased for my three year old , and he loves it . He has been jumping and laughing for an hour now . When I went into room to check on him , I jumped a few times also , which he found exceptionally funny !
 Of all the toys the kids received for Christmas this one gets the most attention . They can not resist the urge to turn it on and jump . It was a gift for my 4 year old , Her siblings , 9 and 10 year olds , join in on the fun . It is a wonderful toy to promote indoor physical activity during the winter months . My daughter jumps on anything and everything all day ... this toy was a natural fit for her . Several kids have stepped on the bee . It has yet to break . With so many toy options available for kids , it is refreshing to see them enjoy the simple concepts . I plan on purchasing some more for gifts .
 We have had this toy now for about a year and it is still cranking . We have two children ages 2 and 4 and they both love playing with this toy . We always have to pull it out when they have friends over . Great toy to burn off some energy on a rainy day .
 I have a 4 and 5 year old neice and nephew whom I purchased this for as a Christmas gift . They got so many toys but this one was the one that they used the most and enjoyed the most as well . The great thing about it is that it is such a simple toy yet provides them with great entertainment . It has survived being stepped on several times and gives the kids a good workout by making them jump around the spinning bee . There are 2 speeds which also makes it fun . I highly recommend it .
 I got this for my three nieces , ages 3 - 5 and they went CRAZY over it ! My sister really wanted me to get them a gift that did n't require batteries , but it 's so fun to watch it 's well worth it . It 's a very simple game , just jump over the stick when it comes by , which may sound a little stupid , but the kids have so much fun doing it and as it goes around it plays `` Flight of the Bumblebee '' . I highly recommend it for any little kids .
 My 4 year old son loves playing with this . But the price listed here is outrageous . You can go to targ . and get it for 20 dollars .
 this game was purchased for my 2 1/2 year old , but my 5 year old loves it too ... the music gets annoying and they wont play with it for a super long time , but it is nice in the winter when inside because they get some exercise and have some fun . it pretty durable because it has been dropped a few times and the kids also play with outside .
 I got this for my four year old nieces and they love it . It seems they play with this every day and they laugh every time I watch them play with it . They do n't so much jump over the bee , as they do n't quite have the coordination yet , but rather they love to chase the bee -LRB- or be chased by him . -RRB- Either way , it 's a great way to have them running off some energy during these winter months when it 's too cold to get outside . Highly recommend .
 I bought this toy and really did n't expect much . I was pleasantly surprised at what a fun item it was . My kids can exercise when the weather is bad and they have a great time doing it . It 's like the ol dplayground game `` Helicopter , Helicopter Over My Head '' without anyone having to get dizzy as they spin around.Bonus
 I bought this toy for my son for xmas . he is 3 and half and a boys boy . meaning he is rough and tumbling and can usually destroy anything that he gets ahold of . This toy has survived now for several months . My boy has stepped on it , jumped on it , bent it , and dropped it . yet the toy continues to spin around . He plays with this toy now about 1 x a week now that the newness factor has warn off . I love watching him chase it around . This is a great toy for cold or rainy days where outside exercise can not be gotten .
 Great way to get your kids moving ! Both my 4 and 2 year old boys love to jump over , chase , run from , and create new ways of avoiding the bee . It 's been wonderful exercise as we 've been stuck indoors this winter . The only draw back is that it doesnt work on carpet , just tile or cement .
 My 3 1/2 yr old daughte rec 'd this for Christmas and absolutley enjoyed it -LRB- as did her almost 6 yr old sister -RRB- . Their laughter said it all . It worked great on our low rise carpet , which makes for a fun indoor activity/exercise in rainy or cold weather .
 I love this product ! One of my friends had it at her house and my kids loved it so much that I decided to buy one for them . It is something that they can both play with -LRB- ages 2 and 4 -RRB- at the same time . What I really like about it is that all that jumping around also gives them exercise ! It is simple enough to figure out and operate that my 2 yr old turns it on and off by herself . It really is a hastle-free toy . It is super durable . My kids have dropped it and stepped on it so many times and it is still in perfect condition . What a wonderful idea of a toy !
 This is one of the best and most played with toys I have ever bought for my kids . I bought it for my two-year old but my six-year old loves it too . I would , and have , recommended this toy to others . If it was made in the U.S.A. it would be perfect !
 My 4 year old and 20 month old love playing with this . They get a ton of exercise chasing and/or jumping over the bee and we have a lot of fun watching them .
 I have very active children -LRB- 2 & 6 -RRB- , and was looking for gifts for them that would keep them active . When we first opened the game , both my children loved the music . -LRB- Unfortunatly after hearing it for a hour , it starts to dull the brain . -RRB- I was immediately concerned that my 2 year old would not be able to jump the bee and get frustrated . NO worries . The game is easily modified for young children . My older child jumps the bee , while my younger one chases and tries to catch it . Either way , it worked out and they LOVE the game . As for duribility , well if being stomped on , grabbed and whacked has n't broken it yet , then I rate it great on duribility . THANKS !
 My 3 year old got this for her birthday . She and her 6 year old sister enjoy it . It is good for just one or two kids to play together . When a group of kids try to play without taking turns , the toy takes a beating . I am surprised that the tube that they jump over has survived being jumped on by bigger kids . It sometimes sticks when that happens , but just needs an extra push . The on button works like this -- hit it once and rotates slowly ; hit it twice , fast rotation . Third hit turns off the unit . The kids often keep hitting the button , thinking that it will keep it going after someone steps on it or stops the rotation . However , the toy will keep going on its own . So they often end up turning it off by accident . It has survived a lot of hard play in the 2 weeks we have had it.All in all , a fun toy that keeps the kids moving and laughing .
 I purchased the Honeybee Hop for my grandchildren after reading other reviews . My granddaughter , age 3 , loved it and so did my grandson , age 7 . So far , it has held up even when they jump on the extended arm . I would highly recommend this item .
 My three year old daughter got this for her birthday and it was the hit of the party . We had to put it together right away so she and her little guests could enjoy it . They loved it and the giggles were overflowing ! We have some great pictures with some actions shots with some little jumpers up in the air . My daughter likes to jump but ca n't quite get the timing down yet but she chases the bee or lets the bee chase her in circles and she goes and goes and goes ... It 's great fun and great exercise . The only downfall I see is that it does not go as well on higher pile carpet as the bee tends to get hung up . We have carpet in every room of our house that is big enough to accomodate this toy . We have lower pile indoor/outdoor type carpet in our kitchen which is where it works best . The only problem is when she loses her balance either from jumping or getting dizzy she always falls into something , be it the stove or the table . So it is definitely a toy that needs space . I found that setting the base of the toy on a phone book or other thick book raises it up enough to help the bee along so she and her friends can use it in bigger and roomier spaces . She and her five and six year old friends played it nonstop yesterday and they had a ball and all of them collapsed of exhaustion after all their fun ! Great toy , worth the money , and I would recommend it to anyone .
 This was a Christmas gift for my 3 1/2 year old son . He has enjoyed chasing the bee -LRB- rather than jumping over it -RRB- with his 5 year old brother ! Although , neither boy has gone and got it out to play with on their own , they both really get excited when I pull it out . I am a bit nervous when they accidentally jump on the stick because it does seem like it will break easily but for the price ... it 's worth it to get your kids up and moving .
 This is such a simple , but great toy for toddlers . My 2 and 1/2 year old daughter just loves jumping and I could n't have asked for a more perfect toy . It 's perfect for those cold winter days we ca n't get outside and she needs to expend some energy - just let them jump away ! I love that it has a slow and fast setting , the slow is perfect for kids still learning to jump . The toy is a bit flimsy , but it has n't been a problem for us , lots of toddler friends carrying it around and it has n't broken yet ! Definitely recommended .
 My four year old got this for her birthday . She loves it . It is great exercise . She jumps over it for a while , and then she chases it for a while . Giggling and laughing the entire time . It was money well spent . Great value . The only bad thing I can see about this toy is that it will not work on carpet . The little bee has a wheel on it , and the carpet stops the wheel from turning and it just sits there . We had to move our kitchen table and let her play in there .
 I bought this for my then 2-year-old -LRB- now 3 -RRB- and he loves it . He constantly drags it out of his closet to play with while I 'm getting ready . It 's also a good toy for his older brother to play with him - no rules but lots of activity ! I would agree with the person that said it would be nice if it could easily be taken apart . It is difficult to store .
 I got this toy for my daughter and she loves it ! She played with it constantly the first few days and now it is about a month later and she still plays with it . My cat even loves it ! It is so cute watching them both play with this toy . It is a great toy and I recommend it highly !
 We love our Honeybee Hop . My 3yr old got it for her birthday and we just love it . I keep it hidden to use when they get really bored and it works like a charm . Everyone was crabby this morning , but now they are much happier after getting out the HONEYBEE HOP . They learn coordination skills and it really wears them out . They do n't really have to take turns so there is not very much fighting . It 's great !
 my kids -LRB- 3 & 5 -RRB- love this toy ! it 's great exercise when we ca n't go in the backyard . they love to jump over it , but they also love to run from it . i like that it has 2 speeds b/c i know they 'll outgrow the first speed eventually.i looked everywhere for it , but only amazon came through !
 This toy was the hit of the party for my 2 year old grandson . Even though he is too young to hop over it successfully , we all had a blast watching him try . He was tickled pink and even though he stepped on it several times , it just keeps going . Everyone got such a kick out of it . We all laughed and laughed - it was so much fun . I highly recommend this hopover bee toy.Nancy MylesSan Leandro , CA
 My 3 yr old niece has this toy . I heard good things about it so I bought it for my friend 's two daughters
 I ordered this for a christmas gift for my 5 yr old daughter , as an alternative to the `` skip itz '' toy . My daughter and 7 yr old son , absolutely love it . It really gets them moving . We 've used it mostly indoors and it is holding up well . Highly recommend .
 I got this on a whim as a Christmas gift for my almost 4 year old . It turned out to be the most popular , most played with gift of the season . She and her 6 year old brother love this . One jumps and runs until the bee `` stings '' them , then the other takes a turn . There 's always a lot of giggling , and I love that they 're getting some exercise inside the house . I paid $ 20 at Toys R Us . Would definitely buy this again !
 I bought this for my 4 y.o. niece who has Cerebral Palsy that affects her right leg . This is a great to to help her with her jumping and balancing skills , and she just LOVES IT ! All of her cousins -LRB- age 3 - 10 -RRB- enjoy this game too !
 We bought this for our almost 4 year old son for Christmas . He loves it . He is able to jump over the pole pretty well at the slow speed and I 'm sure as he gets a little older and more coordinated he 'll try to do the faster speed . Sometimes he 'll just run around while the bee chases behind him , good fun exercise either way . He especially likes it when the grownups get in and jump too.This is a great toy to get kids up and moving in a day and age where so many toys move while the kids watch . I definitely recommend this for the preschool age set .
 This toy is one of my four-year-old 's favorites . She turns it on throughout the day for a quick jump session . It 's held up well , even with my two-year-old carrying it by the `` arm '' . I recommend it for good , indoor fun .
 I bought this toy for my 2 year old nephew for Christmas , but it 's his 5 year old sister who plays with it the most . It is such a simple concept , but it can easily keep her busy for a half an hour . He likes it , too , though it does n't keep his attention that long . I agree that it works best on a hard floor -LRB- we use it in the kitchen -RRB- and it is a little annoying . But It does n't take up much room and is great for burning off extra energy . I would definately recommend this toy ! -LRB- I also recommend Playskools Tag Tails game -RRB-
 My kids love this game . I 's been all fun and giggles since we put in the batteries . And it 's great on a cold winters day when we ca n't go out and expend some energy . It 's great toddler exercise . Even my 6 year old loves it and trys to challenge himself with different types of jumps . Buy it !
 This toy helps a couple of girls to jump off the energy I wish I had .
 My four year old loves this ! She and her friends let the bee chase them -- instead of jumping over it . They love it ! It is good for teaching coordination skills .
 My kids 5 & 3 love this toy , they use it often and keeps them busy a fair amount of time , either jumping or just chasing after the bee . Either way is good excercise . The music drives ME nuts after a while , but hey ! it keeps the kids entertained . I recommend this toy , in fact I bought a couple more for gifts for niece & nephew .
 Santa gave this to our 5 and 3 yr old girls , and there has n't been a day go by yet that they have n't played with it . They 're getting exercise and do n't even realize it ! We LOVE it !! They jump over the bee , but they also like to pretend that it 's chasing them and run from it .
 Our grandaughter loves watching others jump over it . She is three and found other ways than it 's intended purpose to really enjoy this toy . It has definitely became a family event .
 This was a birthday present for my niece . She just turned 3 years old . She had been wanting the Honeybee Hop but my sister could n't find it anywhere . I was lucky enough to find it here on Amazon and purchased the last one . Thank you for making a little girl very happy on her birthday .
 Kids love this toy but with all the hopping about it can be quite loud . And beware of bumping heads when kids hop at the same time ! Overall , lots of fun !
 This is a great toy for multiple ages and numbers of children to play with all at once .
 This is an awesome game ! I bought this for my 3 1/2 year old daughter for Christmas and her and all of her cousins enjoyed playing this over and over again . Even my 2 year old neice tried to jump in . It was fun to see all 6 kids jumping around and giggling . It 's pretty durable too . It got jumped on and dragged around quite a bit . My 10 month old likes to push the button and listen to the music . As mentioned in other reviews ; it only works on hard surfaces . But this game was definitey worth the $ 10 .
 We bought this for our 2.5 year old daughter for Christmas and she loves it ! This is a very good energy burner for her . It 's also fun for the whole family to play ! The only downfall we see is that you can only disconnect one portion of the arm , not both . If you could disconnect both it would make putting the toy away much easier . Overall , a great toy that has worked perfectly for us . I was a little bit worried about using the honeybee hop on our berber carpet because of some of the reviews I read on here , but the bee really glides along perfectly and without a hitch .
 My 2 boys -LRB- 3 and 5 -RRB- jump over it , chase it , kick it , put action guys on it and use it as a motorcycle . It 's all sorts of fun .
 This is another toy that I bought without ever having seen it and based on my purchase on customer reviews and free shipping . This has been a complete hit with my kids as well as other kids that come over . No matter what the age of a child they seem to enjoy this toy . It 's also great to keep the kids moving especially on a day you ca n't get outside . It 's inexpensive and fun - you ca n't beat that !
 I bought this for my 2 and 3 year old grandchildren . Its lots of fun and actually wore them out ! We all got in on the fun .
 THis is a terrific indoor activity for kids . My 3 year old loves it and her sisters 6 and 8 play also . It is a little slow for the bigger kids but they mix it up and have fun with it .
 I purchased this for my 3 year old , but my 7 year old likes it better . It is fun to watch them play with it . They jump and laugh the whole time , then when my 7 year old hits the button and makes it faster , they really have fun . Seems pretty durable , they have fell and stepped on the arm plenty of times and it still works fine .
 I bought one of these for my son -LRB- 4 yrs old -RRB- to play with at home and he absolutely loves it . He has played with it with other kids , on his own and has even gotten adults to join him -LRB- which is pretty fun to watch . -RRB- Not only is it fun for him but it 's also giving him exercise . It 's easy to put away and was a great price for a toy . I ended up buying another one for his preschool room for days when they do n't go outside and the kids love it . I watched them play and they were all laughing and having a great time .
 These loops make nice thick potholders . Strings do n't bother me . Much better than the potholders I made as a kid with polyester loops .
 High quality cotton loops . If you plan on making hot pot holders , be sure to buy cotton because the synthetic ones melt . These are very high quality .
 Bag of Cotton Loops-MulticolorPotholder Deluxe with Cotton LoopsThese together provide our granddaughter , now 8 , with hours of fun and creativity ! Would recommend these over the local retail version of `` wimpy '' loops !
 Good price on extra cotton loops . Came promptly , would order from this company again . Thank you !
 These are fine for making hot-pads . Thanks . No , really , I can not write more words about this product , product , product . So .
 Perfect for the grandkids especially after grandma showed them the rubber band trick she used back in the 50 's to finish a potholder Thanks . .
 Used to make pot holders when I was a kid and they were the best . Saw these on line and decided to purchase . Made several potholders and gave as stocking stuffers . Plus it gave me something to do while watching TV .
 These loops are the best out of the brands I have purchased to keep making pot holders on the loom.The colors are vibrant and attractive and there is a nice assortment of colors , I like the cotton content . Just trim and threads when project is finished .
 I ordered two bags expecting to receive the bag shown in the picture with a color assortment . I received two bags of green . I am sure Amazon will refund or exchange but just a warning !
 I love these loops . They are easy to use and come in an assortment of colors . Great product ! I definitely would recommend !
 Fabulous made in America product ! My daughter is having a blast making potholders for every member of our family for Christmas . Love it !
 I was very surprised when I discovered that there are only enough loops in each bag to make 2 potholders . For the the money I thought there would be a whole lot more . I bought the loom and extra loops for a 9 year old girl for Christmas this year . She has never had a potholder maker and she is missing out on a whole lot of fun . I think Harrisbille needs to increase the loop amount for refills as some are always the wrong size . Too much money for so few loop refills . My rating is based on the fun I had as a kid .
 I purchased these for my granddaughter . She loves crafts but she really likes making things . She 's always making me and others potholders and she does a great job . The price and the quality and quantity was very good
 My daughter makes very nice , usable potholders with these loops ! These make great gifts ! It is a challenging , yet doable craft for her at 9 yrs old .
 Great product . Easy to use . The colors and quality of the loops could n't be better . My grandchildren spent many happy hours using them !!
 I was looking for individual color refills , did not find any . Had to buy the multicolor bag . What happen to individual color refills ? disappointed I told my grand daughter I would get a bag in black and have it mail to her .
 The cotton loops are the best I 've ever purchased . There is a great variety of colors and the loops well made .
 Harrisville Potholder Loops are 100 % cotton and come in an assortment of vibrant colors . I ordered 6 bags so my grand daughter could sort the colors and plan a new design . This is a wonderful idea for a 7 year old with good hand coordination and patience . The finished product brings her much satisfaction as well as a gift to her grandmothers and family friends . Cotton loops are important for safety ... they do not melt when used . An alternative use is as a table protector under a vase or cup .
 Can you bring the solid color loops to Amazon?Harrisville offers bags of solid colors on their web site . Looks like there are other shoppers that prefer solid colors too ! I bought the Harrisville kit -LRB- looms and loops -RRB- from Amazon . I am 100 % pleased with the quality but want the option to purchase bags of solid colors . Thank you!Harrisville Designs Cotton Loops
 Our grandchildren -- boys and girls aged six to eight -- thoroughly enjoyed making the potholders and then using them in the kitchen . We recall their parents having the same reaction 25 years ago . This is a wonderful , constructive activity fit for small fingers .
 These loops seem to be superior to what I had as a child . As a child , I found some loops in my bag to be too short to fit on my loom , and others I forced on there but worried my plastic loom would break . With these , however , my daughter did n't find any too short . I 'd give them 4.5 stars because there were a few loops with strings , and one string seemed to want to unravel the loop when I pulled on it . However , I do n't think the strings are going to affect the usefulness of the potholder .
 Quality cotton loops . Colors are strong and blend well with each other . Pricey , but by far the best loops I 've tried . Shipping is timely , phoned customer service was courteous .
 I bought 3 sets for my grankids . They loved the idea of being able to make something for mommy and granny . The only thing to improve is to make larger bags of loops .
 I did not purchase this for a toy , but for a potholder loom I had been using for many years . I had purchased some brightly colored loops several years ago , and needed some more . These are wonderful , bright colors . People love receiving and using them ! Making these potholders is fun for kids and grownups too . My husband remembers making them many years ago when he was sick and in bed . Good for kids who like making things .
 I 've tried other cotton loops -LRB- and some nylon loops -RRB- and these are the best . These loops have rich color , durable weave , and just the right amount of elasticity . My 6-year-old son loves making pot holders and these are the BEST for his young fingers . The loops make the project difficult enough to make it challenging , but easy enough that he 's not too discouraged to try . We use these loops with the Harrisville loom , which I recommend . If you 're looking for something for younger kids or kids with underdeveloped fine motor skills , then consider nylon -LRB- Nylon loops are super stretchy - good for weaker hands , but they shrink and the finished pot holders are only big enough to be used as coasters or for play kitchens . -RRB- These cotton loops hold their size beautifully so that you end up with a `` true '' pot holder size , and they hold up wonderfully in the laundry .
 When my mom bought my little cousin this toy , he went crazy . It helps him count and he just loves SBSP . It is a great toy for little children . My cousin is 5 and sstill plays with it . I watch SBSP with him every chance that I get . Do the right thing for your child and buy them this product not because I said so . Get it because it 's fun , educational , and durable.THANKS
 This has been one of the best toys I have ever bought for 2 years to 5 years old . Bought it for a Christmas present for a 2 year niece who when she opened the box , did n't even care about any other of her Christmas presents . -LRB- Boy I did feel bad about that !! -RRB- She played and played with this toy . She is 6 years old now but has a 2 year old sister and cousin who are playing with this same register . The credit card -LRB- of course -RRB- seems to be the favorite part of this toy and when I showed them how to use the microphone they just love that too . At that time I had also bought the grill that has the sizzle noise and burgers to serve up crabbycakes . That was liked also , but not anything like the register !!
 My 3 year old grandson absolutely loves this cash register . It is one of his favorite toys .
 I bought this for my 7 year old daughter for Christmas . I also bought the Krabby Patty Station which makes it a lot more fun to play with . She likes playing with the two together . It 's great for teaching how to count money and change . Overall , she has a lot of fun with it .
 Want to have a lot of fun with 4-6 friends ? Try this game ! You can actually play with 8 players and have enough cards .
 This is a great family game for older kids . Card players enjoy the fast pace . it would be great Christmas gift .
 Fun game . It 's another variation of Rummy but with 5 suites instead of four . Easy to learn . It 's a good game when you have more than 4 players . Everyone is on their own ... no teams . You are only affected by your own draw and what the person ahead of you discards so you really do n't have to keep up with what everybody else plays . If you are a fan of card games where you collect runs and sets this is another game for you .
 This is a great card game for the entire family . Our 6-yr . old grandson could play it with adults and siblings by playing an `` open-face `` game with everyone 's cards showing . Really fun and great learning for the kids .
 These were gifts . Tired of lugging my one deck around . My rowdy -LSB- senior -RSB- friends want to play a quick game at every visit . Perfect for ages 12 + and up to 6 players .
 I picked this up cheap at my favorite local second hand store where I 'm never afraid to try a new game when it cost less than an ice cream cone.This one is great fun for the whole family and certainly worth the retail price . We have played this twice now and the second time we did n't have enough time to play the whole game , which is 13 hands long , so we just did random deals and played those hands.If you like Rummy 500 , Gin Rummy and Rummikub I think you will like this too . This is one of those games where the kids can compete with the parents . Great for family game night !
 I love this game ... it 's fun with a bunch of friends off on a girls weekend , and its equally fun with a grandchild who just wants to play a game with grandma ... try it ! You 'll like it !!!!
 A good rummy-type family game that 's fun for up to 7 players . We were introduced to it on a trip to Oregon and came home and promptly ordered it . Interesting and fun for the whole family !
 We had only played `` Five Crowns '' once before , but wanted to play it some more , so ordered from Amazon Verified Purchase , got it quickly and have enjoyed playing it again and again . Taught more friends the game as well . One can play the game and visit at the same time .
 This game is great . You can play w/just two poeple or eight !! Lots of fun !! To help w / score keeping we created our own score sheet .
 Five Crowns is an awesome card game . If you are a card player you WANT this game . Totally addicting and fun !
 Just discovered the game 5 crowns , its lots of fun to play with little kids or even friends ! Highly recommended !!
 I 've never been a big fan of card games , but after playing this at a family gathering I 'm hooked . It is the right mix of skill and luck to keep it fun and only mildly competitive .
 My husband and I love the game Five Crowns . We play it together and also with other couples . We even take it on trips so we can play with our friends .
 Purchased this game for a Christmas present . It came in time and was exactly what I wanted . And best of all the kids love it too .
 Our son introduced us to this game back in the summer . I liked it so much , it was an easy decision to give 11 sets away as Christmas presents . You 'll love it but allow about an hour to 1 1/2 hours to play !
 This is a ot ike rummy . Its fun to play . The cards are a little thin , but still worth the purchase .
 We wore out our first deck . Had to buy another . This is agreat game for 2 or more to play .
 We had played this with friends before buying a set for ourselves , so I knew it would be fun . Great game !
 This is a great game to play while spending time with friends and family . These are high quality cards that do n't easily wear .
 This game is sure to please Rummy lovers . It 's a twist on the traditional card game.There are five suits -LRB- star suit , plus traditional four -RRB- and two decks , so plenty of cards for a big group of players . You ca n't lay down until you can play all your cards in one turn . There are other aspects and rules as well , but you 'll just have to buy the game and try it out for yourself to find out.Fun
 We play this with our kids , it 's simple enough for them to match a series of numbers in the same suit OR match the same numbers of mixed suits . Smaller hands will need some sort of card holder , in the final hand each player has 11 cards . Educational value
 I played this game and then purchased it , it 's fun , challenging , and a good group activity ... i advise buy it and play with young kids , this will teach them how to graciously lose and triumphantly win !!!
 Presents an enjoyable way to make decisions , choices , problem solve , and be successful when you win the game as a result of your choices .
 This is a wonderful card game that is quick , different each time , great for 2-7 players . Each time we play this someone who has n't played , we give them our set and buy another one !! Wish the quality of the cards was a bit better as they wear ut too quickly . Price on Amazon.com beat our local store by $ 3.00 !
 One of the best card games to come along . Easy to teach to children and helps with their math skills . Have purchased several games for kids and friends .
 I bought this card game for our family Christmas gathering after reading the stellar reviews , and it did not disappoint . There is a slight learning curve , but once you 've picked it up , it is a real blast to play . We played with 4-6 players . The first time through we played by the rules , runs/books of 3 , but found this to be way too luck based and decided to throw a twist and start with 4 cards and have a minimum of 4 for a run/book instead of 3 . It really made it more challenging and fun , as well as adding a new element of strategy to the game.My 10 year old nephew is probably on the smarter side of the curve and he was able to follow the game as good as anybody , and was competitive without any help . I do think the age recommendation is fairly appropriate if you are to play a competitive game . If you are just messing around and do n't mind some hand holding , I think you could go down to 9 , maybe 8 at the youngest.Overall we 've had a lot of fun with this game and for the price it provides a great value for family entertainment , while stimulating the mind .
 I always keep an extra set of these cards around because once you teach someone how to play the first thing they ask is `` where can I buy 5 Crowns '' . I have never seen them in a store , so when I need to replace the worn out cards I order three sets and get the free shipping . By the way it was two weeks before Christmas when I last ordered and I opted for the slow shipping method and as usual they were here the day after I ordered
 Love this game ! Play with kids as young as kindergarten , just play face up . It does not affect play . Kids learn basic card strategy . It is so fun watching the kids get excited as they begin to understand how the game works . I have taught to any of my kid 's friends whenever possible . So far , have not found a dissatisfied player . Grown ups and kids alike enjoy it.I ca n't get enough of this game ! Most fun with 3 or more people , but can be played with 2 . Easy to play with ghost hand.Don ' t get the wrong idea , this is not just a kid game . Learned to play with group of adults when we were short partners for Pitch . Sometimes our Pitch group picks this instead : -RRB- We play it a lot . Only complaint is that I wish the cards had a better coating for better durability .
 We found out about this game last summer and have n't stopped playing it since . It 's fast and fun . Treat yourself to an hour 's worth of great game playing .
 Wonderful family fun for all and intelligence building game . Get this for Christmas or birthdays .
 We 've been playing this game for years . It 's a great equalizer for all ages to play together , We take it camping , to our cabin , to the beach . Fun for young and old .
 Our family loves this game . Even my 6 & 7-year-old nephews like to play . I bought several sets to give as gifts so that we can play at more homes !
 We had played this card game before with someone else and thought it was fun . It is better with four people than just two .
 Our friends introduced this game to us when we visited them out of state.My husband helped me track down the game on Amazon.com and it arrived afewdays later . The cost and s/h was less then they paid from a store . Thewhole process was simple , quick and economical .
 This card game is always changing , full of surprise , each time around you never know who will win . One minute things are going your way and the next hand can totally shift the outcome of the game . To play the whole 10 hands -LRB- which completes the game -RRB- , it takes about 30 - 40 minutes time tops . The rules are very simple and easy to learn . It is really all based on luck so it is hard to ` pick ' on someone during game play . No gray areas - you win ... or you lose so it arguing is pretty much eliminated . Skills involved are matching and adding your points up at the end . Of course if you can manage to be the one that goes out each hand , then you wo n't have to add ! When only 2 players play it really seems to change the feel of the game a little -LRB- still very good -RRB- than when 3 or more players are involved . Great game , good find !
 Five Crowns is a wonderful card game that is enjoyed by all ages . It 's fun for 2 people or a group . It 's simple but not so simple that it 's mindless . Kids and adults can enjoy playing it together . Great product ! I enjoy playing Rook , Spades , Dominoes & Rummy . If you enjoy those games , you might want to try Five Crowns . And remember , the game 's not over til the Kings go wild !!!
 I purchased this game because it sounded fun , but I did n't know that we would become addicted to it ! We have played this game with a bunch of friends , family and even with the youth in our church and it is fun and entertaining for all ages ! We love it ! It is quick and easy to learn , yet challenging to play . Great family fun !
 We have played this game with adults and teen age grandchildren with much enjoyment , and positive interaction -LRB- a rarity , given generational differences -RRB- . Now we have added a new son-in-law -LRB- who professed to dislike `` card ganes '' -RRB- to our enthusiastic company . We HIGHLY recommend the game !!! It teaches players to try strategies , to accept both winning and losing in delightful proportions ... and promotes highly enjoyable interaction while engaged in it !
 Our parents recived this game last christmas as a gift . Our family has mostly adults but I have a 7 year old son who loves to play this game also . It is somthing that we can all do together and have fun . It is great for my son to play so that he use that brain as he is finding runs and sets . and then at the end of the round we have him add up his points . It is great we love it .
 This is a great party game . As a gin rummy player , I found it very easy to learn . If having to read a whole book of rules keeps you from buying games , you wo n't have that problem with this one . I also like the fact that it can be played with 2 or many players . Young and old will enjoy it . Both have a good chance of winning . Great family and friends game . Can be played in a reasonable amount of time .
 Our family has been enjoying this game for the last 4 1/2 years . We have had great time . The only problem is ... we wear out the cards . My family has taken this game camping , to the park and to family get togethers . We have gone through about 8 decks through the years . I recommend this game for a family fun night or just a night to stay in with friends .
 Finally a game we can play as a family because EVERYONE wants to !! Easy to learn , and somehow challenging & easy all at once . This game seemed a little expensive when I bought it , but the hours and hours of fun have made it more than worthwhile . The quality of the cards is good , slide in card tray is not ideal , but I would still recommend this to anyone , young or old that likes card games .
 My nanny and koro -LRB- grandfather -RRB- have this game and they play it every night . They taught my sister and I and we love it , it is so quick to learn and goes really fast too . We love it and like to play it all the time when we visit . We got them a new set of cards because their ones were 2 years old and they were hard to find . Now we have there old pack and will have lots of fun with these .
 We have been living in Germany two years now and play cards with our neighbors on a regular basis . This game has been lots of fun , easy to learn -LRB- even with a slight language barrier -RRB- and great because it only takes about an hour to play . Although , we are just a bunch of 30 somethings that play , this game is great for all ages !
 I have purchased atleast 10 of these games for family and friends . I always have a new unopened version on hand to give to friends after they play this with us . We even will play this game with my husband , the rummy expert , because we actually have a chance to win . It involves skill and luck . The cards are beautiful and colorful also .
 This game is easy to learn . It is easy to play , and it plays fairly fast with just two players . It 's challenging and a lot of fun to play .
 I have really enjoyed the card game , Five Crowns . I belong to a card club and everyone always wants to play this . My daughters come over and they also ask to play . I highly recommend this card game .
 Five Crowns is a GREAT game . The wild cards keep changing which keeps the game interesting . Plus , the leader can easily change each hand which means everyone is in until the end . The concept is very easy to understand , so children can play as well as adults . This game is great to play with 2 people or a group -LRB- 7 players can play -RRB- . This is my favorite game and I hightly recommend it !!
 A definite rummy type game . Guests of all ages were able to play it . Sorting into `` books '' and yet able to discern `` runs '' gave them an opportunity to play together . The challenge was in the changing wild cards . Each round was different yet fun to play . By the time the Kings were wild everyone understood the game .
 My friends and family love to play games , and we are always on the hunt for something new . I came across this game here on amazon , and it had great reviews and sounded fun so I took a shot and bought it for my mother . Everyone we have played the game with loves it . It is easy to learn and play , and can go by quickly . There have been times when we have sat and played over and over again for hours . Most everyone we have played with has bought one for themselves and their family members . After receiving the game herself , my mother has bought 3 more for 2 friends , and an extra one for us to have around the house . I highly recommend this game to those who just love fun card games .
 I bought 3 copies of this game for ourselves , and Grandma . It is a similar to rummy , but with an increasing number of cards each hand . Our family plays it all the time . My mother-in-law bought it to play with her `` card group '' . Lots of fun .
 I love this game -- it is great to toss it in my pocketbook or tote bag and take with us on a trip . It does n't take up much space , and can entertain us for quite a long period of time . We have played this with my step-son since he was 6 -- for the later rounds it is a little challenging for him to hold all the cards and keep track of what he has , but we just give him plenty of time for his turn and he is able to hold his own against the adults . The rules are simple enough that you can teach the game in just a few minutes -- also because the rounds gradually increase in card number and complexity of options , you get to start out very basic which also helps any noobs.We love the sub-title that the game is not over until the ` Kings go wild ' ... it is really true ! Even if you are 100 points behind , in the last round if you get lucky and your opponent do not , you could still win . I have bought this for gifts and it is always enjoyed .
 This game is so much fun and addicting that we are scouring the internet for a way to laminate these cards or find a collectors edition type of deck that will withstand constant use . I have bought 5 decks of Crowns since we bought the first deck at Christmas time . I am going to go broke buying this game ! On second thought , I hope no one from Crowns is reading this because they will see how much money they are making off of folks like us ! Seriously , if they made a deck similar to the plastic playing cards like the Copag playing cards , I would be in heaven .
 This is a great card game that is well designed , easy to start playing , and high in quality.This game can easily be learned even by young school age children . The quality of the card stock is especially high . After dealing with ever cheaper cards from other companies , it 's nice to find a company that still produces a deck of cards that will last .
 I love this game . It 's fun and easy to play but also keeps people on their toes . The wild card changes every round so you really have to pay attention . Similar to playing rummy except it 's two decks with an extra suit -LRB- stars -RRB- . I liked this game so much when I first played it that I bought a bunch of them for stocking stuffers .
 this game is fun for all ages ! I 'm 27 and I 've enjoyed playing with 6 year olds and 60 year olds ! The more people you have , the more fun it is . It is good for building math skills , for testing your memory , and for making your mind plan ahead . My family likes to play the `` back and forth '' version we made up - we play the rounds up to the kings and back to the 3 's again . It keeps the game interesting . Enjoy !
 I love this game as does my whole family . Including my husband and daughter who are not game people . It is good for lots of ages .
 Amazon.com recommended Five Crowns when I bought another card game . We love the game . It involves a lot of strategy and savvy to beat your opponent . The five suits and double decks make it easier to create books -LRB- 3 or more of a kind -RRB- or runs -LRB- sequence of 3 or more cards in the same suit -RRB- . Of course the wild cards change with each hand dealt which makes it more exciting . You have to pay attention because the number of cards in you hand increase with each hand dealt -LRB- from 3 at the beginning of the game to 13 in the last hand -RRB- . It 's a good family game that can create a lot of competition among players . It 's loads of fun for everyone .
 We ordered this game for our 8 year old for Christmas , and WOW , the entire family loved it . Then we started playing it with our friends -LRB- especially the children 's friends -RRB- and they all love it . This game is fun for all ages . We love to play cards at our house and we play this game all the time . Now I am ordering it for gifts for this Christmas . You wo n't be sorry if you purchase this game .
 We were in Colorado seeing friends when one evening they said , `` Let 's play 5 crowns -- it 's a card game ! You 'll love it ! '' My wife and I looked at each other and thought `` Oh no -- another dull card game . '' By the end of the evening we were caught!We then searched through stores and could not find it . When we found it on Amazon it was a quick and easy buy.We enjoy this game so much that during my week off , when we were n't doing anything else , we would sit down and play a game ... or two ... or three ... each evening . Our teenage boys enjoyed sitting down and playing a game with us . It 's easy to pick up , and easy to get caught up!Recommend it ?? You bet !! People are always welcome into our house and now there 's a card game at our table , and we 're always ready to say , `` Let 's play 5 crowns -- it 's a card game ! You 'll love it ! ''
 This game was an instant hit with the family . My six year old has mastered it fairly well after a few games with assistance , and my eleven year old has it down pat . It 's fun for the adults , too . It does take a while to play a complete game of eleven hands with four players -LRB- about 90 minutes -RRB- .
 This is a game the whole family can play and enjoy - just kids , just adults , or kids with adults . The cards are easy to keep track of and travel with ; it takes up very little room . Our family loves it .
 Game is easily learned and is thoroughly enjoyed by all players . Our granddaughters -LRB- ages 11 and 13 -RRB- easily learned the game and players around the table ranged in age from 11 to 67 . Truly a fun family game .
 If you want a fun game then this is it . Not only do I own this game but I have also purchased it as gifts for family & friends between the ages of 13 & 80 . Enjoy !!
 I bought this game because we loved Set , and because of the beautiful cards . I wondered if my almost-five year old could catch on , and he sure did . In fact , he quickly learned it and beats the rest of the family regularly . The only downside is that we have to play EVERY day ...
 If you like gin-rummy-type games , you 'll LOVE this one . Part of the fun is remembering which number is wild in each hand -- and not making the mistake of discarding it ! I 've never introduced this game to anyone that did n't love it.You start with three cards and three 's are wild . The final hand has 13 cards , and Kings are wild . It 's tough to juggle 13 cards , but oh , it 's fun .
 I love this game , we have a large family with many adults that like to get together and play card games . This game is fun , challanging , and does not take forever to conclude a set . The only thing I do n't like is the fact that like all cards they wear out rather quickly .
 I introduced this game to Game Night a few months ago . Although it is a little difficult to explain the rules , once we do a practice hand , everyone is pretty much on board -LRB- even though someone inevitably discards a wild card -RRB- . The game is always a hit - at least one game is played every time a group gets together . Previous players want to get in on a game and are eager to explain the rules to newer players . The best thing is that you can get a large number of players involved and it does n't take a lot of time to set up .
 We love this game . All our friends and family play it with us and have ordered it recently . I made a score sheet up on Microsoft Word and shared it with all who wanted it .
 WE LOVE THE FIVE CROWNS CARD GAME . WE ARE A GROUP OF SNOWBIRDS IN GULF SHORES , ALABAMA . ONE COUPLE RECEIVED THE GAME FROM A FAMILY MEMBER AND PLAYED IT WITH US . WE LOVED IT AND ORDERED ONE . WE HAVE SEVERAL OTHER COUPLES HERE WHO ARE FRIENDS AND EACH TIME WE PLAYED WITH A DIFFERENT COUPLE , THEY ALSO WANTED A GAME . SO I 'VE ORDERED A TOTAL OF 4 . WE PLAY IT IN GROUPS OF 7 OR EVEN 8 . IT 'S REPLACED OUR PREVIOUS FAVORITE DICE GAME .
 My niece and husband from Ohio introduced us to this game when they visited two years ago . I immediately got on Amazon and ordered one for myself . Since playing it with different friends -LRB- they all wanted one -RRB- , I 've ordered five more from Amazon . I have yet to see it in any local store . We play it almost every week with different friends . I understand it 's similar to what some people call `` 3-13 '' played with regular playing cards , except Five Crowns has five suits and the cards are completely different .
 We have played Five Crowns in the past using regular decks of cards . This is a good game and we enjoy playing it with friends and family .
 Five Crowns is a game that can be played with almost any age group , and a variety of ages in the group . It 's fun when others get caught with a lot of points at the end of the hand , and in the last hand the `` kings '' going wild !
 If you 've ever played the card game ' 3-13 ' ... first round is 3 cards and 3 's are wild etc. this is the same game , except there are 5 suits which makes it even more fun . We love this game , but have already ripped a card and have only owned it a month . I recommend it !
 It reminded me a lot of Quiddler in the way you kind of wanted/needed to go out pretty quickly . I was not at all surprised to find that they are made by the same company . This game is so much fun , we bought it for our parents and we had a great time playing with them . I am planning to buy this and Quiddler for myself soon .
 We played this game with others and wanted to purchase of ourselves . Lots of family fun .
 This is a fun game for any number of people , kids or adults . Easy to learn .
 This a great card game for up to seven players . We played it with several different friends and relatives over the holidays and everyone loved it . It 's easy to learn and is a fast paced game .
 This card game is good for ages 8-100 . It is a rummy type game with a twist . Skills of deduction and strategy can be enhanced while enjoying the hunt for just the right card to win a hand . There are five suits -LRB- the fifth is stars -RRB- with different colors from the usual which might be confusing for those who use regular decks of cards frequently . We found it easy to adjust to however , and it certainly did not detract from our enjoyment playing Five Crowns .
 Five Crowns is an easy , fun card game that is great because you can play it with 2-7 players . The game play does n't change depending on the players so Five Crowns is always an available option when deciding on a game . My in-laws are really into playing cards & board games so this was a perfect addition to their collection . If you know how to play rummy then you know how to play Five Crows . The wild cards -LRB- jokers & card corresponding to deal count -RRB- are an excellent mix to the traditional rummy play . Just when you think you have a bad hand , a wild card comes through to save it . Five Crowns has the following five suits
 We have card games usually twice a week . There are four of us , all over the age of 60 . We Love to play , to keep our minds sharp . This game is one that makes you think , but not to hard .
 This is a great game for four or five people , but it is equally as fun for two . My husband and I play it almost daily because it is fun and quick .
 I highly recommend this card game . It 's easy to learn and it 's portable too . We take it on vacation and it keeps my family together in the evening instead of people drifting off to computers or TV .
 This is one of the funniest card games I have played in a long time . We play every night three to four times its so much fun . I bought two more game and sent to my sister and my Aunt and they love it as well . I recommend anyone that likes card games to purchase this game .
 I bought this based on reviews and was not dissappointed . The whole family loves it and Five Crowns has replaced our old family favorite , UNO . The game was easy to learn and my 11 year old caught on quickly and is currently the family champion . We have played five Crowns almost daily since we purchased the game and I can tell that I 'll be purchasing another set when we wear this one out .
 This is an easy and entertaining card game to play with friends and family . The more playing the more difficult and challenging the game . Not for children under 8 since it probably is n't fast paced enough .
 I love games that combine luck and skill ! The game itself is like Gin and Rummy in that you need to find sets or runs and each round progresses in a certain pattern -LRB- do n't worry it 's easy to understand when you start playing ! -RRB- . You need skill to see the possible sets you can create and play your hand properly to go out before your opponents . You also need luck , someone lagging all game can suddenly get good hands and , when played correctly , come from behind to win it all!Great for groups of players with various ages . Easy to learn . Entertaining for hours . I would highly recommend this .
 We tried to buy this game in local chain stores to replace our lost game , and could n't find it so Amazon came to the rescue . We enjoy playing this game when we go to our friends ' beach cabin .
 My boyfriend and I love this game . We play nearly every night . The game was a tiny bit confusing to figure out with the included instructions , but with a little logic and playing the game , we figured it out . It 's really fun that every hand can totally change the advantage of the game . We have n't played w / more people , but it seems like it would be fun for a group to play as well . My only demerit for the game is that the cards quickly became warped in the middle from shuffling - the cards are n't as sturdy as your standard casino deck of cards .
 We were introduced to 5 Crowns on a recent trip to visit my uncle . It was pretty easy to learn and one complete cycle lasted the evening . We bought a set for ourselves when we got back and introduced it to two other couples at a dinner party . They all picked it up right-away and we had a great time all evening . It 's pretty similar to other Rummy-type games . You could probably play with the kids , too .
 I just wanted to chime in with all the other positive reviews and say how much our family loves this game ! We love card games , in general , and this classic game does not disappoint!As with many card games , there is n't a whole lot of skill involved . You still have to think about your strategy , but it really does come down to the luck of the draw . It can also be quite a long game , so make sure you have plenty of time set aside!It 's fun to catch people when they forget which cards are wild -LRB- the number changes with each hand -RRB- . Keeping score is a fun part , too , since the numbers can get ridiculously high in just a few hands!Overall , this game is really fun for the family !
 We purchased it after playing it at a friends house . Its great fun and lots of strategy.We also play it just the 2 of us and is great too !
 This game was a stocking stuffer for my 7 year old . She loves it , and so do we . It is a great game to play with kids and adults . I highly recommend this game as a great addition to your family game closet !! Plus , it is small enough to put in a backpack or suitcase for trips away from home .
 I bought Five Crowns as a Christmas gift for my husband . We both love SET , and I saw it was by the same company ... naturally , I had to try it . It 's a little like Phase 10 but not quite as difficult or frustrating , and it 's fairly easy to learn . -LRB- I should warn you , the face cards are a little creepy ; but to be fair , I 'm easily creeped out . -RRB- I would n't quite put it on the same level as SET , but it is a great game , especially for the price . I highly recommend it .
 Five CrownsFun game but cards began to split and tear after only a couple of games . We 're disappointed in the quality .
 This is a favorite game of ours . The only negative is that because we -LRB- and the grand kids -RRB- play so often thatthe cards wear out ... on the other hand that is also a positive because we do n't get tired of this game.I think this is the third set I 've bought . It 's fairly fast the game lasts eleven hands that get a little harder each hand.It can be played by two or more .
 I did not realize how much fun this game would become with my grandchildren , friends and Senior citizen community where I live . Great way to spend time with friends ! Thanks ! However , I have bought many decks of Five Crowns and the durability of the cards to last thru many games . They tear in the corners . They have split in half . I would like to see the grade of the paper improved .
 This game is sort of a cross between Rummy and Phase 10 . Phase 10 has more challenge to it though and players can be on different phases . This game is more simple and everyone is always on the same level . This is a great game for family with young teens , or when you want to pull out an after dinner party game that does n't take a lot of thinking or skill just something to do while visiting . No complicated rules . Mostly luck of the draw rather than skill.You play 13 hands of cards . The first hand has 3 cards dealt out and 3 's are wild . You want to make either a run or a set just like in Rummy . The second hand has 4 cards dealt and 4 's are wild . Of course it only takes 3 cards to make a set or run but with only 4 cards this hand will require 4 to a set or run . Fives will be the same . When you get to 6 's however , you can have 3-card sets or 3-card runs , or a 3-card set and a 3-card run , or a 6-card set or run . This continues up to the last hand having 13 cards dealt and the Kings are wild , and you can make any size sets and runs as you want as long as they have at least 3 cards to them.The game also contain jokers . So every hand has wild cards plus you can draw a joker to help you make those sets and runs . You ca n't lay down any sets or runs until you can lay down ALL your cards and go out , and you ca n't play on another 's cards , only your own . You also have to discard to go out . Once someone has gone out everyone else gets one last chance to lay down cards and whatever you ca n't lay down gets counted against you . Jokers are worth 50 points , the others are worth face value , Jacks = 11 , Queens = 12 , and Kings = 13 points apiece . The person with the smallest score at the end wins.It is a great game to take on a trip -LRB- portable/compact -RRB- , and camping , and grandma 's house , or have for a rainy day . It is also good for 2 players or more players .
 This is a really great family card game ! We love to play card games , and our children even learned to recognize their numbers by playing when they were young . Five Crowns is similar to rummy , but takes it to the next level . We spent hours last winter playing it and our 6 year old was able to join in after observing one game . Each hand , the wild card changes , and there are five suits , -LRB- the usual 4 plus stars -RRB- so you really have to pay attention . The cards themselves are bright and beautiful . I would recommend this game especially to rummy fans who have mastered the usual version . It is also possible to play crazy eights , go fish , etc. with this deck for an interesting twist .
 I did n't intend to purchase this card game . However , while looking at different games , the note was always present `` people who bought this game also bought Five Crowns '' . After reading the reviews of the Five Crowns card game from customers , I decided to order it and what a great decision that was !! This game is really fun and the more people , the merrier . Order it today .
 First , I must confess that I love games , and so when I buy gifts for my kids , they 're partly for me too.The cards are beautifully designed and a pleasure to look at . The rules are simple and the play is interesting enough for a game that is about 80 % luck and 20 % skill.The slogan says , `` The game 's not over 'til the Kings go wild . '' But the way the game is set up , it 's hard to come from way behind at the end.Nonetheless , our family enjoys this game quite a lot , and I 've taught it to various others who 've also had a great time with it . Highly recommended .
 I love this game ! We played it all week at the beach this summer . Once we started playing , it was hard to stop . Another -LRB- hidden -RRB- benefit is that it exercised our brains , which was , and continues to be , especially meaningful for the elderly members of the family . A great value for ten bucks !
 Having a family of gamers we are always on the look out for a new game to entertain everyone . I think we 've found the best yet with Five Crowns . It is a great game for a group or for just my wife and me to play . It 's easy to learn , simple enough that anyone can play it -LRB- my 6 year old nephew loves it -RRB- and interesting enough to be played over and over and over .
 We bought this game on a whim for my uncle , who is a card game buff . We all played it during his visit over Christmas and had many hours of fun . Everyone who played had good things to say about it . This game is definitely challenging to the mind , always changing wild cards and using an extra suit . Highly recommended for avid card players .
 A friend visiting from out-of-town introduced me to this game and gave it to me as a gift . It is very easy to learn as it is similar to traditional card games , but adds a new dimension or two . We already owned the game SET , created by the same company , and I highly recommend that one too -LRB- though you have to use your noggin a bit more -RRB- . The great thing about Five Crowns is as other family members watched us play , they wanted a piece of the action as well . Even my five-year-old can play it to an extent.The game takes about 30-40 minutes to play a full game , but you can really stop anytime you want . And unlike some card games , this game is just as fun with two people as it is with six . Highly recommended .
 Finally , A change from the old favorites ! What a great way to break away from the rest . This game adds and extra deck to the original four -LRB- hence the name Five Crowns -RRB- , adding to the newness and excitement of the game . Another thing ; it does n't get boring if you play it over and over !
 Fun card game based on rummy . Can be played by two , which is nice for a card game that accommodates many . Family game for adult-children mix . Nice to play during family time .
 I bought this for my 8 yr . old grandaughter who loves to play cards . It is a welcome addition to our card fun .
 We have turned a bunch of our friends into 5 Crowns addicts . It 's easy to learn , and our super-competitive friends can play with our laid-back ones without losing their tempers . The deck has survived sandy trips to the beach and an unfortunate wine incident -LRB- we spilled a glass on the deck and had to wipe down the cards so they would n't be sticky -RRB- .
 This is a great game of cards ! But , instead of a regular deck of cards , there is an extra suit ! Plus , as opposed to the majority of card games my family and I are used to anyhow , the point of the game is to get the LEAST amount of points ... well , no points optimally ! This is a great game for the entire family , for get togethers with friends , or even to play by oneself as there is a ` solitaire ' way to play this game . EXCELLENT !
 I have a friend that is 91 and I am 58 and she and I really enjoy playing the 5 Crown card game . It says it is for the ages of 8 and up . Well you can be well over 8 yrs old to enjoy a card game . It is a game that is worth playing . I recommend this game of all ages .
 Our new `` favorite '' game . Three generations playing together at Christmas makes for wonderful memories ! We really enjoy this card game . Easy , yet challenging ! Thanks !
 This game is great fun and is a card game that we have been playing for at least the last 5 years . It has such a nice variety to it and is also great for teaching kids to count , to organize items , and to develop strategies to help them go out each hand and to compete is pleasant fun . It has become a `` MUST HAVE '' for anyone that we introduce it to . The only problem is that I bought this at Toys R Us and you can never find it there at the store . This keeps others from buying it and enjoying it . Thank goodness for Amazon.com-it was here that we took a chance and were pleasantly surprised to find it . We not only ordered 2 decks for ourselves but one for a gift for someone for Christmas .
 We were introduced to this game by my in-laws . It is really a fun game and not like anything I 'd ever played before . It was easy to catch-on to . Our 7 year old picked it up pretty easily , although she needs a little coaching now and then , and our 10 year old totally understands it . It is a good work-out for your brain as every round changes just a little . It is n't a fast game , but it is really fun .
 I bought this card game for my grandson who just turned nine in November . Over the Thanksgiving holiday we played cards every day and he really enjoyed it . Since this is another take on rummy with runs and sets but with a revolving wild card it keeps you alert and into the game . For children and adults who like to play cards , it is definitely a good value .
 Our family loves this game . Its easy to learn for all ages and its a game that 's easy to pack in your suitcase and take on vacations for those rainy days .
 A very good game for all ages . We have played this game with persons from 12 to 92 and all liked it .
 Thank you so much for sending this game so quickly ! I love it . My husband and I play it every night plus with our families for some extra fun!This game is fun for 2 players and 6 players ! Thanks !
 I learned to play this at my daughter 's home and purchased two when I returned home . I will give the second game as a gift . This game is fast and easy to learn but a true challenge . Do n't miss out on the fun !
 This has been one of our favorite card games for years and years . We wear out each deck . Over Christmas I tried to find it in stores , not possible . I will be stocking up on the deck when the taxes come back . My kids -LRB- 22 and 20 -RRB- might stop coming home if we ca n't spend hours playing 5 crowns . : -RRB-
 Crown 5 is a good game for kids to learn colors , numbers , matching , and sequensing . Adults find it fun for the compition and the unpredictability of the cards . Crown 5 is just a great game for the whole famiy to play
 This is an easy to learn and fun game to play with all ages . It is similar to rummy but easier .
 Fun game to play with your family . My 8 and 10 year old love it . Great introductory card game .
 I really enjoyed playing Five Crown with friends at Christmas . The game was pretty easy to learn and provided a fun time for all 5 of us who played . It was necessary to refer to the rules a few times at the beginning of play , but by the end of play all of the rules were easily applied and remembered . It does take some thought to be able to outsmart you opponents , so play is lively and interesting . A running score is kept for each player throughout the game ; the best score can change from hand to hand , keeping everyone in the running for the entire game .
 I love this card game and have bought several decks . Everytime someome comes over to play , they want to take home a deck . Excellent fun for almost all ages .
 There are n't too many card game options available when the number of players is greater than four . This is a great addition to the family collection of card games we use whenever the family gets together.As the game progresses , the stakes get higher . It is possible to make some great comebacks in this game.I 'd describe this rummy style game as a cross between Uno and Phase 10 .
 Friends recommended this game . . it 's fun easily to learn and play ... we like that it 's small we keep it in our RV ! ~ Five Crowns ... is something I 'm glad we discovered ... play it for hours and never get bored ! ~
 Hard for me to give this a star rating because it 's a Christmas gift to me from my Mother . However , my friends say it 's a wonderful game and it 's taken over all other card games . So I 'm really looking forward to it . So I will rate this according to what my friend says about it .
 Played this game with friends and had to have one myself . Easy gane to learn and a lot of fun with friends
 I love this entertaining card game . Its easy to play but I would think only for ages 10 and up . When I 've introduced others to the game they always enjoy it and ask where I got it ; so I feel compelled to buy them a game . Needless to say , I 've ordered many sets of Five Crowns .
 This is an awesome card game ! I LOVE all kinds of card games , and I have to say that I was a little hesitant to buy this one . It 's soooo much more fun than rummy and it 's really cool that there is a different wild card for each hand ! We play probably 2-3 games a nite , several times a week . I can see where this game would be cool to teach to young players , too , because it will help their learnign of sets , numbers , shapes , etc. . You will not be sorry if you buy this game .
 This is a great game for two or four or even six people to play . There is some strategy and some luck , but it keeps your mind active to see all the possibilities in each round which is different .
 I was introduced to this game in Canada . We spend hours playing it . Upon my return home I ordered 4 of them . They are Christmas presents for my sisters and one is going to Africa with me .
 This is a really fun game !! Introduced to me when my sis was visiting from OR , so I had to get one for myself ! Lots of laughs ... and wisecracks , when adults play it . Taking it to play at my church Game Night . Love it !!
 My husband had a heart attack recently and to help with his recupperation at home , we ordered Five Crowns Card Game . We play it every night at least once , sometimes more . It is a very easy game to learn and a good thinking game . Having played this game numerous times , there is no way to see who is going to win . Example I was winning by 25 points in the 12th Hand but after the last hand was dealt I lost by 6 points . With each hand the score can change drasticly or not at all . If you like a game with a challenge , then Five Crowns is it . We have played it so much we are now ordering our second deck because the first one is worn out . Believe me if you order this game you will love it . If I could give it more stars I would , it should really be 10 or more stars .
 THIS IS A GREAT GAME TO PLAY WITH ALL AGES . I PLAY IT WITH MY GRANDCHILDREN AS WELL AS THE SR. . ADULTS AT MY CHURCH AND THEY LOVE IT . I 'VE ORDERED MORE FOR GIFTS AND THEY ALWAYS ARRIVE QUICKLY FORM AMAZON .
 We played this game before at a friends , but had trouble finding it for our game collection . Thrilled to have it in our house so we can enjoy it too .
 This is a very fun and addicting game . You really ca n't pick a winner until the last hand ! Another favorite feature of this game is that two people can finish a game in about 30 minutes .
 My mother was a teacher and always found wonderful games for the whole family to play -LRB- 2 - 60 + -RRB- . We play this every chance we get . At lunch we play cards and I introduced my friends to Five Crowns . We play it all the time .
 This is a very fine , fun card game for the entire family . If children are old enough to know different cards -LRB- numbers and suits -RRB- then they will enjoy the game . It was well thought out by the inventors and I highly recommend .
 Just what I was looking for . We play card all the time and this is based on one of the games we play
 I learned a game growing up called May I . This is similar to it with the wilds and progression of hands . My wife and I enjoyed playing it one on one and I think it would be more fun with a group . Also , just like with any game , you can adjust the rules to make them more fun . Even if you 've never played May I , this game will be fun for you .
 This game is a fun type of rummy game , with each hand gaining an extra card . It 's more fun with 3 or more people .
 This game is so fun to play . We play it every Fri. with our neighbors and never tire of playing it !
 My sister introduced me to this game recently and it was so much fun I just had to have it . I am not the kind of person who enjoys card games that require serious thinking , I just want to have fun . This game is simple and can be played without worrying about who played what when . It would be suitable for all ages , and I highly recommend it if you want a game you can play and still interact with the other players . .
 Fun game that you can actually talk while you play ! All ages . Easy to take on vacations or just spend friend and family time . !
 Our friends introduced us to this card game . If you like to play cards then you would like this game .
 This is a fun game for all ages . It requires some thinking without being super challenging so children can play also . We really enjoy playing this with friends .
 I purchased this card game for my daughter 's family and they have already played it . They love all games so this one too .
 My entire family is hooked on this game . It is easy to learn and very addictive . Even kids can play it without any trouble .
 We played this with friends and I decided to buy it for my husband . Now the whole family enjoys it .
 I had played the game before and have ordered 8 or 9 boxes from you . It 's a great game for kids and adults who like cards . Very easy to learn . My 8 year old granddaughter LOVES it !
 I got this for my son 's Christmas present . We enjoyed playing it.The instruction was not very well written , but basically this is how it goes : There are several of the same card . There are a total of 5 suites , star being the extra one . The cards start from 3 to King , with jokers . * You play from 3 cards up to 13 cards -LRB- 11 rounds -RRB- . * The first round with 3 cards , 3 and jokers are wildcard . * The second round with 4 cards , 4 and jokers are wildcard , etc. * The goal is to be the first to put down your cards in set like rummy
 Had played this game with a friend and liked it so much I bought my own . Have taught my family to play and they also enjoyed it .
 We are having fun with this variation of Rummy . The games seem to go quickly and it was easy to learn .
 This game is interesting and fun to play . The more people around the table . Lots of fun and laughter when we play 5 crowns .
 My family and I love playing this game . We had nearly worn out our original set so decided to purchase a new one , but everyone wanted a set for their own home plus one for the in-laws , so we bought 4 new sets.The game is loads of fun to play . We have been playing it for more than 4 years and everyone seems to enjoy it .
 I learned Gin Rummy from my grandparents , and I wish they were around to experience this newer version and to play it with my kids , who absolutely love it . This game rewards creative , flexible thinking , and is loads of fun . The only thing negative I 'll say is that the quality of the card stock could be better -LRB- though I 've seen worse -RRB-
 I first played this game with my brother and sister on vacation . Since I have purchased the game and have hooked many other friends and family members.It is simple to play although it makes you think sometimes . A cross between rummy and poker , once you get it , you got it.We take this game to friends houses and it is present at all of our gatherings . Lots of fun .
 This is a fun family game to play with adults or children . Everyone felt challenged and `` in the game '' until the end .
 This card game is lots of fun and very addictive - it 's a combination of Uno and gin rummy , with a fair skill level required . So far , have only played with 2 players , but my 13-year old and I are hooked .
 Our son and daughter-in-law got us into 5 Crowns 2 years ago in another state . We now play the game regularly with friends and another son & daughter-in-law in our home state . This game is so much fun we do n't want to switch to any other game -LRB- We are in our 60 's and our kids are in their 30 's and 40 's -RRB- . Recommend this game for anyone ! Our friends here in our home state got THREE new decks of 5 Crowns this past Christmas , including one we got for them -LRB- and a new one for ourselves and one for our son & daughter-in law here -RRB- .
 I love the card game . I bought 12 card games of this for Christmas gifts and everyone loved it . It is a game that 2 or up to 7 cam play at a time . My niece in 2nd grade and my mother at age 85 played in the same game . I have requests to get more cards for more people that have played the game !
 The first time I played this game , it was a bit confusing because I would constantly forget what hand we were on ... count your cards and you 'll know . I picked up fast tho . Pretty simple and fun .
 I bought this game along with Quiddler and Sets for family game nights over the holidays . All three games were a huge hit with all family members . Five Crowns is easy to learn and since there are only 10 rounds to complete a game it does n't drag on forever like some games do . If you like Gin , or Rummy type card games this is the game for you !
 This is a wonderful card game . The deck is based on a standard deck of cards and so is familiar to all . There are jokers and a fifth suit -LRB- of stars -RRB- but no 2 's or ace 's . And the deck is doubled to accommodate 7-8 players . We play regularly with 3 people and it is interesting until the end every time . The only challenge is card shuffling . With over 100 cards , you will likely have to shuffle half-decks unless you have a shuffler .
 This card game was purchased to help improve our daughter 's math skills . It is fun , exciting , challenging , and educational . One must constantly be aware of which card is wild and `` go out '' with the least amount of points to win the game . Since purchasing Five Crowns , we 've shared it with our adult friends who enjoy Game Night once a month . Our daughter even taught her grandparents how to play and now , they are teaching their friends . It has been so much fun we 've purchased several decks to give as Christmas presents .
 This is a great game for the family , although you can play with two.My eight year old nephew beats me all the time .
 This is a card game that is a lot of fun to play . It is n't hard to learn .
 Great game . Already had to order a new deck after only 6 months they wore out from playing so often .
 until I got this game I have not played cards but a few times in the last few years . Now my Fiance and I play 5 crowns for hours each night . My 6 year old daughter and my 13 year old son both enjoy the game as well .
 Someone taught me this game and I knew I had to own it . It 's alot of fun . I 've already taught others .
 My whole family LOVES this game . At summertime , we play this almost every night . From kids up to grandparents , we all enjoy it . It has become our favorite past time .
 I got this game for Christmas and have greatly enjoyed playing it . This particular one was purchased for a friend who also loves it after I introduced her to it . In addition , the face cards are different and very pretty . Although I have n't played it with younger people yet , I think it would be very enjoyable for older children .
 An excellent bargain ! The cards are well-apportioned , the game itself is anywhere from young teen-age to adult , easy to follow and learn and -- probably most important -- does n't take long to either set up or play . We 've enjoyed it with several groups and on several after-dinner occasions -- all have expressed satisfaction and a good sense of equable competition . Highly recommended !
 One member of our family bought this game . It has now spread throughout the rest of the family to a point where when we get togeather at hollidays , everyone knows how to play . Easy to learn , Easy to play .
 Was looking for a fun two person game that could also be played with a group . We needed something simple to fill time while traveling . We were tired of the card games we already had . Spotted this one and read the reviews and decided it was worth a try . This game is indeed tons of fun . It is fun with two people or more . I think kids could play it as well , with partners for the younger ones . It is very random so it is hard to even try to predict who will win ! Easy to master the few rules and the game strategy is different for 2 players than for 4 which makes it more interesting .
 I first played Five Crowns at a friend 's house a month or so ago . I 've since bought about 6 games of it for gifts . Adults enjoy this gin rummy type game and it would be great with families . We 've had 2-10 people play -LRB- use two sets for 8 or more players -RRB- . It holds your interest and provides enough competition to keep it fun .
 Ordered these cards because my friends had shared the game with me . It is a fun game , you should try it . Received my cards right away and were in new condition . They were cheaper than some sights . Do highly recommend ordering from this sight .
 We have enjoyed this game a lot . It is a quality made game that should last for years.It has just enough challenge to keep us interested ,
 Five Crowns card game is a great game for the whole family - all ages.It 's definitely a new concept in that it has no aces and five suits - `` stars '' is the fifth suit.As always , Amazon got it here in a hurry too !
 I 've been playing Five Crowns for more than 5 years . I even take it on airplanes to play during long flights . I did print up my own score sheets for ease in scoring and determining which round we were on -- especially if the game gets interupted . It 's a simple rummy-type game and easy to learn . My grandchildren , who are now 9 & 11 , starting playing about 2 1/2 years ago . We play it so often that I had to buy new cards .
 I 've playd this game before at a friend 's house and wanted my own set to share with my friends . It 's really fun .
 It is in the same style as other rummy type games , but pretty fun . Interesting new suits and very nice art work.It is fun . I 'm glad we bought it .
 Great game for all ages . Easy to learn . Combination of Rummy and Up and Down the River card games with an extra suit of stars and jokers . 4-6 players are ideal . Would highly recommend this card game !
 I enjoy playing this rummy-style game , and I am glad that it also has a solitaire version.I tend to skip the three-card and four-card hands , but otherwise I play by the regular rules , which seem sensible and easy to learn . I enjoy the face cards and the colorful look of the deck .
 Five Crowns is a perfect game for larger groups . We played with 7 and one guest was not a card player but learned quickly and loved it . Luck and strategy make it fun . We played multiple hands !
 I can not even tell you how many decks of Five Crowns I have ordered . Probably 20 ? Of course I do n't use them all , they make great gifts and everyone who has played this game agrees , it 's a terrific card game to play with nearly everyone in your family -LRB- the age suggested , 8 years old and older , is pretty accurate -RRB- .
 Love this game so much I had to purchase another one to replace the deck I have now which is starting to show wear and tear .
 Thus card is not only fun for the young but also fun for the young at heart . There is a group of senior citizens that play this game at least 5 to 6 times a week . We all enjoy it very much . We also play Euchre , bowl and play bingo.Thanks for a cool game .
 My family loved this game the first time we played it with a relative from a different state . We tried to buy it locally and could not find it ; but I found it on Amazon and bought it right away . The game is an instant classic in our family !
 great card game . easy instructions and easy to play . we have added a few house rules to keep the scores closer . and also modified the rounds to shorten the game as well . a full game with your average card players takes 45 min.house rule # 1 . you can not ` go out ' on the first round . this gives everyone atleast two chances to pick cards.house rules # 2 . the doubles rule . this goes into effect when scoring after each round . if a player has two of the same card , they only count as one when tallying up the score . for example , if the round you are playing is 5 -LRB- the number of cards in your hand -RRB- , and a player has 7H 7S 7S 10D 10H after their last turn , the player only gets 10 points rather than 20 according to the original rules.to shorten the game try playing only odd card rounds , 3 , 5 , 7 , etc.game is well worth it . we buy a new deck every year becuase we outplay the old cards . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS GAME .
 This is a very entertaining game . We got our first one as a Christmas gift from our Granddaughter . We played it so much in a year that we wore the cards out . Recommended to anyone for family entertainment .
 Might be a little bit hard for a 6-year old , but definitely a fun game , even for adults . This is a high margin product -LRB- costs just a deck of cards -RRB- , but the fun is worth the $ . I also like it that it does n't take too long to play each round .
 Great way to spend an evening . Easy to learn . Received item much sooner than expected and in brand new condition .
 The Five Crowns cards purchased at Amazon.com are very difficult for children to shuffle . It would be nice to have a choice of plastic playing cards available even at a higher price . I have always been satisfied with Amazon 's products and service .
 Five Crowns is a great card game for adults and children alike . It brings families and friends together . You learn to be innovative and creative in choosing your cards . Children can learn to count by keeping score . Great game for parties or just a family night .
 Love playing this game ! I 'm a senior citizen and think playing everyday help keeps mind active ! Kind of like taking my brain to the gym !
 We love this game . Supplier sent it promptly . Good experience . Game is easy to understand and play . Children love it .
 Our neighbors introduced us to this card game . We basically do not like to play games but have loved this one . It moves quickly , does not require an advanced degree , and is a lot of fun . Another advantage is the number of players can be few or many . Carol Miller -- Destin , Fl .
 We were introduced to this game while on vacation this year . We spent many nights up playing this with 4-8 people after the kids went to bed . The kids -LRB- ages 6-10 -RRB- actually played it themselves quite a bit . When we got back home from vacation , we decided to invest in this and two other Set Enterprises games -LRB- QuiddlerandSET Game -RRB- based on our experience -LRB- with Five Crowns -RRB- and on the recommendations from my dad and brother -LRB- for the other two games -RRB- .
 I Love Amazon.comI have not had to send back anything that I have got from Amazonthey are the best .
 This is one of my wife and I 's favorite card games . It 's really simple , easy to teach new people , and a lot of fun . We also have two other games by this company , Quiddler and Set . Set is another particular favorite of mine , really a mind stretcher .
 this is a great card game for any one from 8 to 80 it teaches math and sets
 The first time we played this game we were camping in the hills . We played every day for 6 days . Our group of players ranged from age 12-65 years . What a blast . Easy to learn . Very compact and easy to take places .
 This card game is lots of fun , the rules are very easy to learn . It 's great for 2 or 6 players .
 THIS IS A VERY FUN CARD GAME . EASY TO PLAY AND GREAT FOR GROUPS OF ADULTS OR CHILDREN . VERY FAST DELIVERY . THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR MAKING OUR DAY ~ ~ AO ~ ~
 I absolutly love this game . The family gets so into it and brings us together when the week is so busy . I would buy this for any family .
 We were introduced to this game at an after school program . Since then we have bought this game for ourselves , both of our parents -LRB- grandparents -RRB- and numerous times for friends birthdays . It is taken on every family vacation , and my daughter often takes it when she babysits . Highly recommended . -LRB- From a non game lover -RRB-
 We have been searching for Five Crowns in the stores , and we have been unsuccessful ! After finding it on Amazon , I ordered three decks to get free shipping . Now I have a couple of extra decks to give away as gifts!Barbara Santa Cruz
 A very good card game that my teenagers love to play.It is very similar to rummy and requires player to figure out the different card possibilities and strategies to end the game . The only complaint I get is the large number of cards that need to be shuffled for each round . Overall , it has provided good entertainment as well as a thinking exercise to my teenagers and their group of friends .
 My Mom rec 'd Crowns as a bday gift . I loved it so much that I bought it for myself !! The game 's directions are simple but yet it takes strategy to win . It 's great fun ! Not your typical card game . We have n't gotten bored yet . The more the merrier ! But my favorite aspect of Crowns is that just 2 people can play . So , when it 's just me and my fiance , we can still enjoy the game ! There are n't too many card games where just 2 people can play and it still be challenging !
 I have never been much of a card game player but my husband and I were introduced to this game by friends . We loved it and now play it everyday . Its very addictive and fast paced . A great game for 2 people .
 This game has become a popular favorite at home and away from home . We play it all the time now , and we even bring it with us when traveling . It 's addicting even on our camping trips , where we 've made new friends by introducing the game to them . It 's easy to learn for all ages .
 This takes a bit of practice to learn , but after a few hands , it 's a great card game for playing and visiting at the same time and works wonderfully over the generations - young to wise .
 We played this game -LRB- Five Crowns -RRB- in Ohio at a cousin 's house and loved it . But was unable to find it in any stores . So went on line to Amazon and there it was at a much better price than the stores were asking . So glad we got it and have been playing it when we get a chance . Thanks so much .
 Five Crowns is my favorite card game . If I am asked which game I want to play my answer is always Five Crowns . I like it because a lot of people can play at once and it is so much fun . It does take some skill but mostly it 's just if you are dealt the right cards . Everyone that I have introduced to this game loves it as much as I do .
 When I first played this game , I was what the heck ? When I got used to it , about 3 mins . later , it was soo fun ! I would reccomend this product to other people !
 This card game is wonderful for the whole family . It is rummy with a twist . It is wonderful to find a game that I can play with my 9 year old son and I am not bored silly . Also a great game to teach others quickly at a party .
 If you 've ever played the game `` Quiddler '' from the same makers of Five Crowns , you will understand the jist of the game . This one , however , is using rummy techniques.The entire game is a challenge and scoring points is almost inevitable unless you are really lucky and are the one that goes out in the round . The goal is to have the lowest score and so far , we enjoy it.It is not a quick game , so be prepared for 30-45 minutes of game time .
 Five Crowns is a card game for the whole family . It has original game play , but uses skills that you have obtained from playing your old favorites like hearts , spades and rummy . Because Five Crowns has five Royal Families - the Stars , the Clubs , the Hearts , the Spades and the Diamonds - yes , five suits in the old usage , it allows a more equal chance of making a book or a run , effectively giving each player more possibilities to readjust their hand so as to go out . Good players are able to take advantage of this and win more than an average number of games . The play starts with three cards and 3s are wild ; next hand has four cards and 4s are wild ... working up to the last hand when Kings are wild . Each of the royal families is portrayed in original art and has its own colors . The Renaissance designs result in cards that are beautiful to hold in your hand and give a `` collector '' feel to the game . Five Crowns is a fast paced , ingenious new game in eleven rounds . You may be winning , but before coveting the winner 's crown , beware ... `` THE GAME IS N'T OVER 'TIL THE KINGS GO WILD ! '' For 2 to 7 players . Ages 8 to adult
 We originally came across this game at a discount store and started playing with family and friends . We have bought two replacement sets for ourselves and have given it as gifts to friends . It is great fun for all ages and it has spread through our friends and they are passing it on to their friends . I would encourage anyone to try it .
 I bought 3 decks of these cards as a Christmas gift for my parents because they play it every night and their deck is severely worn .
 We ordered this card game because you could play it for two , which you can . However , it is also fun and probably moreso for more . We have played it with up to 7 . It 's a lot like gin with another suit and more cards except the game progresses from a three card deal to a thirteen card deal . Wild cards are involved in each hand but some change as the deal changes . You must keep on your toes or you will be throwing a wild card to your opponets . Since there are 12 hands for a game and you are progressively receiving more cards , the game can be won on the last hand by someone that is moderately behind . The game advertizes that the `` Game is Not Over Till the Kings Go Wild , '' which is true ; however , I think it would be rare that someone 100 + points behind can win at the end , particularly if one plays strategically when well ahead and discards all high cards that are not suited . So there are strategies to learn and some that are not in the instructions . Still it is a fun card game that takes an hour or less to play even with 7 players . If you enjoy card games , gin or any style of rummy , give this one a try . The only slight downside is there are a lot of cards to shuffle -- two full decks + which can be a little awkward . We purchased a cheap card shuffler that makes that part of the game less tedious .
 I had so much fun playing Five Crowns with my family and friends in California that when I moved to The Netherlands I brought the game and a couple extra decks with me . I have my in-laws hooked on it and most of the aunts and uncles as well . Great game FIVE STARS !
 My family enjoys this game , but with a twist . We play it in reverse order , starting with the Kings wild . That way , there is n't a clear-cut winner until the end .
 This game is easy to learn and fun once you get the hang of it . Everyone one in our family loves to play it .
 We love the game and have purchased it for others . All our friends and family are hooked on it . The only thing we do n't like about it -LRB- all of us -RRB- is the quality of the cards . From the very beginning , they were hard to deal out . Very thick and wanted to stick together . Have tried numerous things to make them easier to use , but nothing works . Any suggestions ?
 Very refreshing to be introduced to a fun card game by 20-somethings ! Nice that the younger generation is finding ways to socialize other than at bars/parties , and not just zonig out in front of a TV . Thanks to Kelly & Chris in CA !! This is a fun game that requires your attention ; similar to gin rummy .
 The game itself is wonderful ; however , ordering it online as I did is another thing . I ordered 4 games -LRB- at one time -RRB- and I was charged $ 7.00 per game -LRB- small box -RRB- handling fee . So a $ 13 game turned into a $ 20.00 + game . Quite a profit on shipping and handling I would say . There is another website I found later you can get the game with much cheaper shipping and handling .
 I find this game good for keeping me on my toes . You actually have to think . Really fun with five people .
 I saw learned about this game from a book I read and it seemed like a similiar game to this one . I love to play rummy and this game is very much like it . It 's a long , fun game that really is n't over 'til The Kings Go Wild !
 Super fun and a game that you can play and still visit with the other players . Great for two players up to 7 players . Harder for younger players due to the number of cards you end up with in your hand by the last hand ; starts with 3 first hand and goes up one each hand until you have 13 in the last hand . Still with a little help , it 's a lot of fun . Played with a 12 & 14 year old and they enjoyed it.Five Crowns
 Five Crowns is a fun game for kids and adults and kids learn quickly about strategy , it 's not complicated . Grandmas learn quickly to relate to their grandkids and it 's a lot of smiles all around because of the element of luck . It can be a quick little pass time away from Video games when you start anywhere in the deck not just at the 3 level . My -LSB- ... -RSB- 11 year old had a good laugh beating GMA.Not just for kids , my quilting group plays a round every now and then .
 I played this game with my sister-in-law and have since bought it for all of my children and several of my siblings . They all love it and they play it all the time . My sister already bought it for her daughter and sister-in-law . It 's a lot of fun , it 's good for 2 to 7 players . You will become addicted !
 Five Crowns card game is a fun game similar to gin rummy . It is a fun game for only 2 people or many . Fast moving , a bit of strategy and just plain fun . Easy to learn .
 We have enjoyed playing this card game . Since a lot of people can play it is great for family gatherings .
 The Original Wizard Card GameWe had relatives visit that regularly played this game . They introduced us to it and we really enjoyed it . A fast paced game . At times one has to hold a lot of cards . Holding a lot of cards is difficult for a youngster .
 Very easy to play , everyone from my 8-year-old brother to my grandparents can play without help and no one seems to have much of an advantage based on age . Very fun and easy to play .
 I picked this game up after someone discarded it from a care package while I was deployed . A co-worker and I decided to give it a try . We picked it up pretty quick and soon brought others into our daily card game . Once home I introduced my family to it and we 're still playing today . If you like Rummy or Phase 10 there 's no reason you wo n't love this game . `` It aint over until the kings go wild ! '' -- FIVE STARS !
 A great game for kids from 8 to 80 . Easy to learn and fast paced so it 's not boring . Simple rules but you have to pay attention as the wild card changes with every new deal of the cards .
 VERY fun game !! Perfect for our entire family , ages 8-72 ! Everyone loves it !
 Wizard Card GameOur family has played Wizard for years and I was somewhat reluctant to purchase this game because I thought it would be too similar . I was very mistaken . This game provides a refreshing change in playing cards . They advertise that you ca n't tell the winner until the very last hand and that is absolutely true . This game is easy to learn , fun to play and keeps you thinking . Each hand has a different wild card value . If you enjoy playing card games , this game is a lot of fun and can be played by I think up to six players . If you are looking for another card game with equal fun value , check out Wizard .
 While on vacation friends introduced me to the card game `` Five Crowns '' . I was unable to locate the game locally . I ordered immediately upon finding `` Five Crowns '' on Amazon.com . Within days the game arrived and we 've been enjoying it ever since . The game is equally challenging for ages 8-adult . Just remember `` The Game Is n't Over 'Til The Kings Go Wild ! `` Five Crowns
 This card game is so easy to learn and so much fun once you start . We play every week and laugh every time . It really is a fun card game and something we 'll be playing for years to come . I have ordered a second set of cards because we 've played so much that the cards are starting to stick together .
 Great game , even though holding 13 cards in your hand at once can get a bit confusing at times . Kind of like playing rummy , but with five suits . Great for all ages , except the very young . This is a great game full of fun , and I recommend picking it up since it is n't that expensive .
 My 10 year old daughter received this for Christmas , and it has quickly become our favorite card game . It is quick and easy to play , and the fact that the number of cards in your hand goes up by one in each round changes things up enough that the game never gets boring . It 's really nice to have a game that we both love to play and the age and ability difference does n't matter . She beats me about as often as I beat her which is great ! We keep the box in the car so we can play while waiting for food at a restaurant or in a doctor 's waiting room . You 'll love it !
 I meet with a group of women for card games every week . We play one game of Five Crowns followed by a game of Mexican Train Dominoes . I love the dominoes game , but Five Crowns is the absolute favorite when put up for a vote by all of the women . Part of the appeal is that it 's easy to learn . I 'm told that you can play this game with a regular deck of cards , but I like the graphics of the Five Crowns deck . We are on our third deck and I 've purchased a spare because I know we wo n't tire of the game .
 This is a great card game for adults as well . Never a dull moment when playing either . You can be in last place one round and the following hand you can pull into first place . This is a game that lets you think about how you are going to play a certain hand , yet still allowing you to socialize as well . Definitely a game that is not over until the King 's go Wild !!!!
 This is a really fun game . Basically it 's a rummy game with a few twists . It has five suits of cards , hearts , diamonds , spades , clubs and stars . It plays with jokers as wild cards . You start with three cards and work your way up to 13 cards . If you have three cards , the threes and jokers are wild . If you are dealt 4 cards , the fours and jokers are wild , and so on until you reach 13 cards where the kings and jokers are wild . When you get to 10 , 11 , 12 , and 13 cards , you have to concentrate on making your hand and you ca n't go out until you can lay your entire hand down with a discard.LOTS OF FUN . I 'm leaving tomorrow for a 7 day cruise and I 'm taking the cards with me . We played on our cruise last November and will play again this time.ENJOY
 This game is great fun ! I was in a hospital with a friend for 5 weeks . We kept trying to find things to entertain us . When I finally found 5 Crowns we just could not stop playing . It has a rummy twist , but is fast paced . It has that stroke of luck to make things interesting . The best part is , you ca n't really know who 's gon na win `` Until the Kings Go Wild '' . You can always catch up at the end . But do n't be fooled . The key to winning is usually in the first 4 hands . Enjoy !
 A lot of people can join in the fun - I played six handed and everyone seemed to enjoy it and it lasted about an hour or so . The color suits
 Five crowns is A great card game for all the family , enjoyable for friends and family 6 to 80 . It was good value and prompt delivery
 Five Crowns is easy to learn -LRB- has similarities to Phase 10 , Shanghai Rummy , etc. -RRB- and is fun to play with friends . The card design is an interesting twist on traditional playing cards - some friends thought the Jokers looked `` creepy '' though . : -RRB- As stated on the box , the outcome can change radically in the last round , so everyone stays `` in the game '' throughout.My only minor complaint is that the deck size only supports up to 7 players , and the manufacturer expects you to buy a second game for eight or more . We 've reduced the deal to six cards for that number of players , and it seems to work out fine.Overall , a very entertaining game .
 Our friends and family love this gameFive Crowns ... we play it whenever we get together . It 's great on camping trips !
 This is our 3 . set of this game . We have played it with our grandkids , guests from Europe and our general friends around town . It is easy to learn and explain . Great fun !
 Our family have enjoyed this game very much . It can be played with all adults or the children can join in as well . This was purchased for a 14-year-old as she played it with our family and then said that she would like it for a Christmas gift . The game is played like Gin rummy , but has five suits and you play eleven hands to complete one game , with the person having the lower score is the winner .
 This game is very much like Rummy . Each time you play , the game is different . I wish the cards were more durable , like Bicycle cards are . But overall the game is fun with two people or more . Each hand is different and you can never really predict who will win until the end . I like it . Not as much as I love Cribbage but still fun .
 This is a card game that you can have a lot of fun playing from the beginning to the end of the game . In most games getting the most points is what you strive for . When you play this game you are to strive for the least amount of points -LRB- the winner -RRB- . It 's as must fun to be -LRB- the loser -RRB- because you actually got the most points .
 Game recommended by a family member . Great tool for learning math skills . The only thing about the cards is that they bend easily when used by younger children .
 I played this at a friend 's house before buying it , and really enjoyed it . After I bought it , I enjoyed it a bit less . I think four is the right number of players ; any more and it 's a bit unwieldy . It 's a bit like Phase ten , and sort of in the same family of game concepts as Uno . My wife thinks it is a fantastic game .
 This is a great fun game . It is basically rummy with an extra suit but had so much fun playing this game .
 This was given to us as a gift . It is very simple to play & great fun.My husband & I play it every night when we have cocktail hour .
 My husband and I bought this game to take on our holiday trip to see my family . We love this card game and if you are a card game person you should add this to your list !
 Played this at a family reunion and had to get copies for us , both Grandmas , and a cousin . We taught it to them in less than 5 minutes . They all wanted their own deck .
 This does take some strategy and it is a lengthy game . Perfect for game nights , not great for ADD groups like my friends though . Too much time doing the same thing ; unless you supply crunchy food -LRB- that keeps em busy long enough usually ! -RRB-
 Fun and fast card game . Have n't played cards in years but learned Five Crowns quickly . Great for a weekend get-together with family and friends . It sure brings out the competive spirit .
 Simple to play and a lotsof fun . We play 3 - King and then backwards . Whilst visiting relatives in UK we had a 5 crown tournament every night .
 This makes for great family night gather or we play when friends come over just for a relaxing evening . Great fun for all
 great game , we play everyday . the cards are great and look good . I am glad we foud this game and enjoy it .
 We have played this game with adults and children alike . Great for families . Teaches children some math as well when they have to add up their scores .
 We bought this game after playing it at a friend 's house . Five Crowns is a fun game and one that you can play over and over without getting bored .
 I played this game at a birthday party with someones grandma and loved it . Came right home , got it , and still LOVE it !
 Played this game while at the beach and came home and ordered my own set . Package was delivered quickly and have been enjoying the game .
 We got this game for Christmas a few years ago and my mom and sis and I love it ! It is so much fun , different every time , and does n't require a lot of skill . Careful players will do better in the long run , but there is a lot of chance to this game . Fun to play with two people or the whole family !
 I received this game , along with Quiddler , as a gift and have been playing it with all ages ever since . Lots of fun .
 This is the game we all like the best . It 's lots of fun for children and adults .
 I have my 81 yr old mother and & step father living with me This game is so much fun , goes fast and it 's great for them because you have to think to make the right choice . They love it . I have already purchased 7 or 8 of these for friends and family that have played with us . If you enjoy a fun , challenging card game , you 'll love this one
 If you like getting together with friends for a fun game of cards , you 'll love this game . Odd , it 's not easily available at local shops , but well worth ordering . This game is a large -LRB- double normal size -RRB- special deck of cards containing an extra suit called stars . It 's great for 2 or more players .
 This product was in excellent condition and I recieved it a very short ammount of time . I am extremely happy with the overall service .
 Five CrownsFive Crowns is a fast and easy game to play . We have a lot of fun playing it winter and summer . It is very easy to learn and a lot of fun .
 Five crowns cardgame is highly addictive , to say you like to play it again and again . I ` ts also a game of strategy and sure some luck if you get enough wild cards or jokers , but sometimes you 've to change your hand to a next series if the moment seems right to do so . It 's lots of fun .
 I love Five Crowns because it 's based almost entirely on luck -LRB- I 'm not great at remembering cards ! -RRB- and an odd number of players , up to 7 , can play . Really fun . I 've played with kids as young at 7 . Everyone whom we 've taught to play wanted their own deck , so I keep some on hand .
 Great service and shipping . Thank you . Because of you I had less stress for Christmas .
 This is a fun game of strategy . Sometimes it is the luck of the draw , but a little strategy can save you before the kings go wild ! For young ones , even losing can be educational , you have to add the cards that you did n't use.We have been playing this game for years and everyone we introduce it to , buys it too . Get your own set today ! Makes a great gift too ! But watch out , it is addicting !
 There is card game that we love to play but it takes at least five peoplethe game of Five Crowns is very similar and only requires 2 people.Butthe more the merrier.My family enjoyed it very much at Thanksgiving gathering .
 This game is really easy to learn and fun to play . I gave it 3 stars for educational value because there are a couple of strategies . One is deciding when to lay your cards down and risk points . The other is simply watching your cards . One time I played a hand that went around the table 2-3 times before I realized I could have laid my hand down long ago . It 's all around fun .
 This is a really fun card game for the whole family . Things change every hand which make it stay interesting .
 There are two things that make this game hard . 1 - the number of cards in your hand increases every round -LRB- from 3 to 13 -RRB- . 2 - the actual cards are very slick when they are new . -LRB- I 'm not sure if we 've learned how to deal with that , or if they are n't as slick as they used to be -RRB- We were introduced to this game by friends on vacation this summer . It is more of an older child game to adult rather than young child . It is very fun . I mean come one , if the complaint is the cards are slick , how bad can it be . Several people can play and it a real conversation controller , it is a lot of fun .
 We bought this game , because of the company that makes it . While it is not as good as QUIDDLER orSET Gameit is still a great game . We have enjoyed playing this as well as teaching it to our friends that come over . If you have the other two games and like them I would definitely recommend getting this one . If you do n't have the other games you should check them out too .
 This card game is a lot of fun for a few or group of people -- it really makes you think !
 The game is really fun . It was shipped fast and in excellant condition . Very Happy .
 This is an easy card game for 12yo through adults ; have n't played with kids younger than 12 . Easy to follow rules . Competitive for all .
 Great game for those that like gin rummy but want a little more challenge . Easy to learn and fun for all , even marginal card players .
 We 've bought 4 or 5 Five Crowns card games . We love it , and so does everybody that plays it ! It 's easy to learn and has given us much enjoyment .
 Wow ! SO FUN to find a NEW game we can play while hanging out and having fun ! I loved how we were able to play a few rounds , take a break and ` play ' , and the pick right back up and continue !
 Great card game for the entire family , played with friends lots of fun everyone enjoyed playing . Easy to follow the rules , pretty good game for not alot of money
 We do n't play a lot of games in my family , but we have played this one since my children were small . They are now 15-20 and we still play this game . They still play it with friends and I play it with my adult friends .
 I ordered this game after playing in Florida . My sister and I play every day . It is a great game , and lots of fun !
 Got introduced to this game at a friends house one evening . The game is fun and easy to play . The changing wild card every hand makes for fun moments when one forgets and discards a free wild card . Score keeping is easy . Good game for family night or any bad weather evening .
 We played this game almost every day on our last vacation . It is easy to learn and still has enough challenge to keep it interesting . The game time can vary , but usually runs just under an hour for a group of 6 people -- less time for fewer people . The cards survived table snacking and occasional spilled drinks -- we dried the cards and then gave them a quick clean water wipe off and when they were completely dry powdered them . It is a lot of fun and takes up very little room in the suitcase .
 Love this game , it only takes two to play but can be played with a group also , I ordered extra ones for birthday gifts .
 We played this with friends and really enjoyed it so ordered a set here to `` practice '' , have n't done it yet , but we did enjoy playing .
 Fun card game that is fun with two people all the way up to 5 ! Easy to learn at all ages .
 Great game . I purchased this card game for my friends at the senior complex I live in . They all enjoy playing it .
 Our whole family loves this game . We bought it for everyone ! We play it as a group when we get together for holidays and we even play it with just two people . It 's always fun .
 We have worn out one set these cards . It is a fun , easy game that we love . Thanks for sending it so fast !
 My 3 sisters & our husbands had a really funtime playing it while on vacation in Aruba . Thanks much !
 Crowns Card Game.What a wonderful game . I have given three other people the game and they enjoy it also .
 The card game was delivered in a perfect , sealed condition and was received very quickly after I ordered it . It was just like going into a store & buying the product , only easier . We play this game with friends frequently & love it .
 This is a great game ! It gives rummy players a new challenge that they will surely enjoy . A great gift .
 Could not wait to get mine and start playing here . My sister and her ladies ' group play all the time and taught me .
 easy and quick to learn.can be played over and over again with different groups of people . fun if you have only 1 other person or 6 others :-RRB- good game . this is almost the same as Quiddler
 Our family loves to play games together . With varying ages , it can be hard to find a game that holds the attention of everyone . We 've been playing Five Crowns for almost a year now and it is still a go-to game for us . Sometimes my kids play on their own , or often it 's pulled out for family game night . The rules are simple to understand . My six-year old can understand as easily as the rest of our family .
 Crown 5 is lots of fun , it says for 2 or more , it is not as much fun with only 2 players , the more players the more exciting . Friends of our introduced us to the game , there are no local stores with this game on the shelves . Will make a fun family party game .
 This is a card game . It 's a deck of cards . It arrived on time and in new conditions . I 'm happy for the purchase .
 This is a good game for children about 8 or 9 years old and adults . Takes a bit of concentration , but is enjoyable . Nice graphics on the cards .
 My friends and I get together every Friday night to play games . One of my friends had this card game and introduced it to the group . It is one of our favorite games to play . I like it so well that I decided to purchase it for myself to have when my family gets together .
 I was looking for an interesting game that my husband and I could play and enjoy so I bought this game because of the Amazon reviews -LRB- I always check the reviews -RRB- . Anyway , this is a great game for anyone 5 to 155 . After playing a few times you can begin to make it challenging . It is a great game and we play for a couple of hours every day . It 's interesting , makes us laugh , it 's fun , challenging and almost addictive . We love it . You ca n't go wrong if you want to pass the time in a fun way , especially if you love card games . This one is at the top of my list . The only problem is when the cards get too damaged to play with you have to buy new ones instead of putting a couple of regular decks together . I wish you could just buy the cards without all the boxing and tray , which is why they cost what they do . You 're not paying for the cards , you 're paying for packaging and that gets expensive . We have had our cards for several months and will have to buy new ones soon , which we really resent .
 Five Crowns is a great and fun card game ! Our whole family has enjoyed it .
 Great game , simple to learn and keep up with , challenging enough to keep playing one more game . Wonderful game for adults , everyone seems to really enjoy the game .
 I was very pleased with the delivery time of the game . In fact , I ordered extras for friends of mine . It is a new game to me , so I am looking forward to learning to play . I am very pleased , as always , with Amazon and the seller .
 This is a nice card game . It goes relatively fast and combines several games -LRB- such as phase 10 , rummy -RRB- . It is nice for couples to play , but would also be appropriate for families . When 4 people play it takes approximately 30-45 minutes .
 great fun , not a lot of time to play game -LRB- maybe 20 mins -RRB- ... . only difficulty is 7 year old grandson unable to hold more than 7 cards comfortably ... must be able to hold 13 cards for last hand ... . but he will grow it to it .
 I absolutely love the game . It is so fun to play with family and friends . I would definitely buy from again .
 This is a lot fo fun for all ages -- 8-80 . Easy to learn how to play and a great way to spend an evening with family and/or friends .
 Great game for family or friends of all ages . I bought this for my grandchildren -LRB- ages 9 thru 15 -RRB- and they all loved it . Taught the game to my parents and they too love it . My parents have since purchased a game of their own and have shared with their friends and now they are buying the game as well . Easy to learn , you can play this game and still have conversations while playing it .
 The best way to describe this game is to say it 's a simplified version of Rummy . The premise is almost exactly the same as Quiddler -LRB- another game by the same company which is also really good -RRB- , except that you 're making Rummy hands , instead of trying to form words . You 're trying to get a hand full of three -LRB- or more -RRB- of a kinds or suited straights . There are 5 suits in this game -LRB- hence the name -RRB- and no aces . You 'll start off with three cards the first round and have more than ten cards by the last round . Some of this game is luck , obviously . After all , this is a card game . But once you 've got the game down , there are certainly strategic plays to be made . I own a great many card games and this is the beautiful deck that we 're continually turning to when we want something short and fun . Highly recommended !
 Five Crowns is a great game for teenagers or adults . It 's not hard to learn and with the wild cards changing each hand , it will keep you on your toes .
 Our family enjoys playing this game together when we do n't want to think too hard .
 GREAT card game . Fun and does n't take hours to finish . We play with mostly teens and adults as there is a strategy to the game . Easy to understand instructions . Highly recommend .
 This game comes out almost every game night with family and friends . A fun game for all ages .
 We 've had a lot of fun with this card game . Its more challenging with more people but a good , quick game for two .
 I bought this game for ` game night ' , based on all the great reviews . The reviews were right . I 've purchased several other games since buying this game about 2 years ago , and while we have played the other games -LRB- sometimes only once -RRB- , we always come back to Five Crowns . I do n't know why I 'd never heard of it before ... but unless you 're a die hard poker player ... you do n't be disappointed here . Fun for all !
 My family truly enjoys sitting down together and playing this game - it teaches the children colors , shapes , numbers and combinations - it is great !
 I was introduced to this game by some friends and family . It is a lot of fun for everyone from 8-100 . It is very educational and helps keep your mind working ! It is the new favorite game at our house !
 This is a great card game that takes little instruction and can accomodate up to 7 players . It is fun and does n't require much concentration . It does n't take a long time to play .
 Read reviews on this game and thought I 'd take a chance . My family plays cribbage with my 90-year-old mother a several times a week and based on other reviews I decided this might be a good fit for all of us -- ages 28 through 90 . And it was !
 This card game is lots of fun . We play it with several friends but have the most fun with our Grandchildren . They request is when they come to our house .
 The Five Crowns card game is the most fun card game I 've ever played . I was so glad to be able to find it at Amazon.com ; because it is now impossible to find in stock anywhere in Salt Lake City , UT or St. George , UT . It flies off the shelves as soon as it comes into the stores . I ordered two decks of it online from Amazon.com and they arrived at my door withing a weeks time , just as advertised . My recent purchase was a great experience .
 Five Crowns can be enjoyed my adults , children 8 years + and families . It provides hours of fun . I highly recommend it .
 This is a great game for all ages . My seven year old niece easily learned it . I wish the cards had more of a coating or something to make them hold up longer . They seem to get soft and sticky more quicly than a regular deck of cards .
 I Love It !! Purchased this as a gift for my sister for her birthday . . We love it . My 6 year old loves it . My 4 year old is a little to young , but tries to play anyway ... We sit for hours and play and when my sister is on her way over , my daughter always asks her to `` Bring the Purple Game '' ... Teaches them numbers and helps them alot with counting ... Great game . We play with No Wild Cards as a variation too ...
 I brought it home and played it with my younger sister who is 14 and she loved it . Although a lot of the game is the luck of the hand , it also takes a bit of strategy for all those extreme brainiacs out there . We found the instructions a bit confusing at first , but once we got all of the wrinkles out , it 's easy to learn , play and teach someone else . I would definetly recommend this card game !
 We have spent hours and hours playing this game with friends , and also a good game for just two people . We have passed it on to others who have equally enjoyed the game . Every hand is different and every game is different , so never gets boring .
 This game will provide hours of fun , and exciting family quality time , or just a couple of laughs for you and your friends . It hads excitement , competiative impulses and locks you into the game from the begining every time that you play .
 Lots of fun and moves fast ! So there are no long periods of waiting for your turn again?Great for rainy days and helping kids learn to think
 The whole family loves this card game . It a twist on rummy and phase ten . It 's so much better than phase ten because you never know who will win until the last hand is dealt !
 Facebook games may be fun , but sometimes , you just ca n't beat sitting down at a table with good friends and family and playing a real game with real people ! I was introduced to 5 Crowns by a group of church friends , and it has become a favorite of those who have played it . I 'm ordering some tonight so we can have more than one table playing when we meet next month ! I love the fact that I can play this one with my senior friends , or I can enjoy it with my children and grandchildren .
 Being a sp . ed . teacher , I found this card game to be a good learning tool . I highly recommend this game to all teachers .
 This game is a lot of fun for those of us who like both Rummy and Gin . It uses five suites -LRB- clubs , hearts , diamonds , spades , and stars -RRB- and progresses from a three card hand to an eleven card hand.The object of the game is to make sets -LRB- three or more cards of the same denomination -RRB- or runs -LRB- three or more consecutive cards of the same suite -RRB- , and to lay down your sets and runs before your opponents . Any cards not played count against you.In the first hand three cards are dealt to each player , and threes are wild . In the second hand four cards are dealt to each player , and fours are wild , etc. . This can get confusing , and often a player will accidentally discard a `` wild card '' , which adds to the fun . The deck also contains some jokers as additional wild cards.A player can be behind for nearly the entire game , and catch up in the last few hands by playing all the cards in her/his hand , and forcing others to get stuck with their cards.The rules are easy and quick to learn , and the scoring is simple .
 I have to give myself 5 stars for ordering this game . My whole family -LRB- which includes my husband , a teenager and a fourth grader -RRB- loves Five Crowns . I was looking for a card game we never played before to take along on our vacation . I had to make sure that any new game would be simple enough for my 9 year old to play yet be complicated enough to keep my 14 year old interested . Well , I hit the jackpot with Five Crowns . The instructions are clear and short . We learned to play Five Crowns in just one hand ; we played every night on our vacation . And now that we 're back ... homework first , then Five Crowns .
 this is a game that is a lot of fun and is easy to get into . Simple rules , simple scoring , easy to learn and the game never loses its luster with repeated playings . I have been playing this game regularly for six months and it is still the first game we play whenever any one comes over . My favorite feature of this game is that no matter what your score is you are almost never out of the game . I have played many a game where the leader all game bit the dust at the end . Its always great watching players reactions when some one goes out after drawing their first card . -LRB- ... -RRB- Buy it you will love it !
 This game is made by the same folks who make Quiddler , which is why I picked it up . Basically , the game is a mix of Quiddler and rummy . You start out with three cards , where the three is the wild card . You go all the way up to thirteen cards in subsequent hands , where the king is the wild card . Your goal is to go out by having three of the same card -LRB- i.e. , three kings , three tens , etc. -RRB- or having a run of cards in the same suit -LRB- i.e. , 4 , 5 , and 6 of diamonds -RRB- . The twist is that there are five suits
 Great rummy game . The extra suit makes it faster than a normal deck . Lots of fun for both kids and adults . However , only a so-so game for more than 2 players because a discard you need is inaccessible to you if you 're not immediately after the person who discards it . Try Wizard for a great game for 3 or more players .
 Five Crowns is excellent fun . The cards are beautiful and the changing wild cards from hand-to-hand keep the game interesting and exciting . There are lots of stimulating colors if you play with kids and the game helps them learn to match and make numerical sequences . We have played nearly every day since we bought the cards over two months ago . I 'd recommend it to anyone who likes to play cards or games .
 We just bought Five Crowns , -LRB- mostly because of good reviews on this site -RRB- and we were not disappointed . My husband and I have fun playing with our kids -LRB- 9 and 13 -RRB- and the kids like to play with friends . I 've played it with my daughter and her 2 friends and they love it when they `` go out '' before me . Everyone has a chance to succeed as each hand starts all over -LRB- with a higher number of cards -RRB- . I like to give our children `` thinking '' games and while this game depends a lot on the cards you draw , what you do with them involvs some thought . The goal is to draw and discard cards to build runs and sets . As the number of cards in your hand changes the wild card changes too , and you have to pay attention not to discard it by mistake ! It takes the 4 of us about 45 minutes to play , just the right amount of time for a game after dinner -LRB- we do n't watch TV -RRB- . We 've played it almost everyday since we received it .
 Five crowns is a great game . It 's simple , and teaches counting and math . It 's compact , and me and my 9 year old brother like to play it on car and plane trips . The cards are beautiful , the queens and kings especially ! I first incounterd Set -LRB- made by the same company -RRB- in grade 6 in math class . Then we went to a store to get it and found 5 crowns and Quiddler . My personal favorite is 5 crowns , though they are all really fun ! This is a good game for 8 years and up ! It 's really fun !
 One of the most beautiful card game sets I 've seen ! Collect straight sets of cards to win a round , but every round gets gradually more complicated as one more card is added to the hand and a different card is wild every time . Deceptively easy to learn , a tremendous lot of fun to master ! By the time the `` kings go wild '' you 'll have picked up the subtleties of this game and want to start all over again with threes !
 My wife and I have enjoyed playing Five Crowns with our mothers -LRB- both 87 -RRB- . They very often beat us - as they are both very good card players - but we get our licks in occasionally . Over Thanksgiving the kids joined in and we had such a great time we played through the whole afternoon and evening .
 Easy to learn card game fun for a variety of ages . Similiar to phase 10 but the game goes quicker . My 7 & 9 year olds can play this with their grandparents
 This game does take a level of skill , but it 's also just plain fun . Two to seven people can play it at a time and it 's a great `` mixer '' game , the kind that you can enjoy being together and having a bit of competition.Kids who understand numbers and suits by groups would be able to play , with some help perhaps.The object is to lay down all your cards and still have a discard card . Cards are eligible to be laid down when you have three or more of a kind , or a sequence of three or more in the same suit . But you ca n't lay down ANY cards til you can lay all of them down -LRB- with the discard -RRB- , so you never know how close the other players are to `` going out '' . The game is a sequence of hands beginning with being dealt three cards and the three is wild . The next hand , four cards are dealt and the four is wild , and so on , til the thirteen cards are dealt and the Kings are wild . Jokers are also wild throughout each hand.The early hands go quickly of course , and a leading score can turn on you in a heartbeat if you get caught with a handful of cards that you ca n't lay down . So , there really is no clear winner til the last hand.One thing we like about it is when the first person goes out , every one else has a chance for one more draw and can lay down what they DO have.The cards are colorful and different from a normal deck . We have found it to be a very enjoyable game to play , either for two of us or a group . It 's a great game as a mixer ... fairly easy to learn and a lot of action .
 Excellent card game for parties or groups . Great for rainy days . Easy to learn , fun to play . As the box says ages 8-88 . This was a replacement for a worn out deck .
 Several years ago , we gave a Five Crowns set to my parents , who are now in their 80s . Between us , we have worn out six -LRB- 6 -RRB- sets ! It is the one game we can all play , from my 9-year-old niece to my 87-year-old father . And it plays just as well with 2 as with 6 . The only pain for us was scoring , as it gets confusing sometimes , so we went into our Appleworks spreadsheet program and created our own fill-in-the-lines scoresheets that also help us keep track of how many cards to deal . This game is delightful , and it really is n't ever over till the very last hand !
 We are a card playing family . We constantly change the rules to the games . This game is perfect the way it is !!! It is quick to learn and retains your interest for a long time . Well done Set Enterprises !
 The game five crowns is alot of fun . It is a game that you can play with the whole family and when a group of people are together since eight people can play at a time . We play for money sometimes with just a small amount like a nickel a game and fifty cents for the final winner to make it more exciting . You have to use your mind alot to plan you stratagy and to remember what cards the person next to you is picking on and keeping . Use also have to add your cards up at the end of the game so children use math skills . Very fun game my in-laws started up playing and the kids
 Our family has played almost every game you can think of , and we all enjoy this fun game . It winds up being fairer to everyone than you 'd imagine , and since each person usually winds up with points , there is some nice addition to do a little help with math skills . Excellent game that we 'd recommend to anyone !
 Our family has been playing `` 5 Crowns '' since our kids were quite young . They are now teenagers and still really enjoy card night with mom & dad . It 's also a kick for us as you have to stay on your toes to remember what set you 're in and which cards are now wild . We take it on all family vacations and have found it to be a great alternative to `` screen time . ''
 We have purchased and given away several of these games . Everyone who has played this game with us has really enjoyed it including our grandaughter from NC .
 My friends and I play card games on a regular basis . This is one of the best card games that we have tried . Really works your brain ! Bought one set and I am back to buy more . We wore the cards out playing so much . My friends liked it so much , they have since purchased the game as well . If you enjoy card games , you have to try this one ! Has a different concept .
 This is another great Lego set . -LRB- Just like the title says ! -RRB- I love the suspension bridge , and there are alot of parts to make a small forest castle keep . The catapult is pretty cool too . I highly recommend this set to anyone who likes the castle Legos . Also , the minifigs in this set are really great . The armor for the figures in this new Knight 's Kingdom series is really amazing . Buy it !
 Everything as expected with Lego set . Very well received . Would have wanted to know if any `` Lego people '' were included with set .
 My son liked this toy because Santis can throw boulders at the Shadow Night .
 one of our better buys , we 'd do it again if the opportunity presented itself ; we 're very satisfied with the product
 My 9 year old daughter loves this . She found it very easy to use , it was well constructed . Excellent customer service .
 Everything was included to do a project . A 5 yr old can do this with an adult to assist . She may be able to do alone after a couple of projects . Excellent , quiet , educational activity .
 She got this for Christmas and loves it . We had been using a cardboard throw-away loom and this allowed her to proceed to the next level . She can pick it up whenever she wants or take it on car trips . Nice quality loom and material included . Highly recommended for anyone interested in weaving , sewing , embroidery or other related crafts .
 love it want another one later and ill get more for family and friends soon and ill get somemore yarn to go with it too
 My granddaugther loved these items . She is into crafts and loves making things with her hands . This was a great item for her .
 I will not really know untill after Christmas as it is a gift and is all ready wrapped and under the tree .
 I 'm actually a senior citizen and I really like this little loom . It 's well-built -LRB- very sturdy -RRB- and as long as I use yarn I can see it just fine , although my eyes are not the best these days . Tiny thread and needles are a thing of the past for me.The needle they include is great . Has a great big eye so it 's easy to thread , even for me . None of my old ones are quite as good , and I wonder where I could get some more like it because I worry about losing it.The only thing I would find fault with is that to me it needs something under it to keep my knees from going through it . I 'm not sure how others mamage , but I cut the box that it came in down some and it is -LRB- of course -RRB- a perfect fit . Lifts right up and even out to get to the underside if I need to , and no more knees poking through ! So my advice is `` Do n't throw away the box . `` Overall , I think it 's a very good hobby for almost anybody .
 We love this loom ! My daughter is a bright 7 year-old . She sits for 40 minutes or more and weaves various bits of yarn leftover from my projects . The loom teaches focus , concentration , attention to detail and offers short-term gratification because the kids can see their finished product evolving quickly . Love it -- highly recommend this for Christmas for any boy or girl ! This would be a good method for getting boys interested in the fiber arts ... great stimulating brain candy !!!
 My 8 year old daughter and I love this loom ! The instructions are easy to follow . The wool yarn included has such rich colors and wonderful feel to it . I 'm going to get another one . Harrisville does it again with superb quality .
 We took this on our vacation for our 9-year-old daughter to work on in the car . It kept her busy for quite a while ! It 's pretty large , but does fit on your child 's lap . It 's a good value too . I would have paid a little more if it had included a little more yarn . Maybe they could sell an accessory kit with more yarn and patterns . But overall , a good toy .
 I made gifts of pet portraits with this loom on my lap during TV commercials that now hang on my friends ' walls . It 's comfortable to use and easy to stash out of the way when not in use . I bought the `` Wonder Wand , '' -LSB- ... -RSB- , too , and that makes things go lots faster . Larger projects would of course require something different ; but , I do n't know that I would consider this a `` toy '' any longer as you can be as intricate with different materials as your imagination will allow . Fun & easy !
 This loom is not too big or too small-just the right size for travel or just staying at home and weaving . The tools come with it and make life a lot easier while weaving . Starter yarn colors are available in the package which means you do n't have to run out to the craft supply store and buy yarn right away unless you do n't like the yarn provided.The information booklet is handy , only because I already know how to weave-but for beginners I would suggest they add photos of real weavings to enhance the instructions . I am very pleased with this company .
 my daughter loves the loom only problem is the yarn breaks VERY easily ... and not all the tools suggested to use are included in kit
 I have experience using table , laptop , and back-strap looms . When it came time to purchase a starter loom for my 10 year old granddaughter , I chose this one and was not disappointed . It is quite sturdy and well made with smooth wooden surfaces . The plastic parts seem well made and well attached . Directions are easy , straight forward , and well illustrated . The included yarn is of a nice quality . This is a well made entry level loom !
 My oldest son asked for a loom for Christmas , so I researched them and found this one - MADE in the USA !!! It is well made , has clear instructions and is easy to use -LRB- my son knows nothing about using a loom and figured it out pretty quickly -RRB- . It makes him focus and sit still , which is not always easy for him to do but so far so good . My husband and I have also been picking it up and doing a few rows here and there . It is actually quite relaxing .
 My 9 year old son asked for a loom for Christmas . We had visited a factory and he saw the big , mechanical looms , and also a few hand looms -LRB- but big , with floor petals , and 5 feet tall -RRB- . Obviously we were not going to pay $ 1000 for a loom for our 9 year old son , so we were looking for something . This one is nice . It is strong , and has kept him entertained for hours . Does take some work , not stepping on petals and sliding through the thread , comes with two sticks , one you leave in , and one you put back in every other time . Comes with the materials needed to start , and shows you in the instructions how to add different things . Makes one piece of cloth , maybe 12-18 . Not huge , but keeps his hands busy . i believe I saw in the instructions on how to make a longer piece , but we have not gotten to that yet . Too complex for a 5 year old -LRB- our other son -RRB- , but for a patient 9 year old , it works great . I also think for an adult , it would be fun , maybe the more complex designs .
 My fourth grader used these animals for a school project . She was pleased with them for the most part , although the camel was smaller tham the scorpion . Durable and life like .
 These particular Ponies were first shown to be available on various website MONTHS ago . They only recently appeared on this website , and are STILL unavailable in stores ! Why?Depending on what area you are from , it seems -LRB- I 'm from St Paul , MN ... so , no small town ! -RRB- new Ponies are incredibly difficult to find . The Toys R Us stores in my area are still 3 series behind the one that features these two Ponies ! Friends from out of state tell me they bought these particular Ponies over two month ago , in stores ... I wish Ponies were available online sooner -LRB- or better
 This game is by far one of the best family games ever , here 's why :1 . Set takes minutes to learn and can be played by the whole family .2 . It 's a game that makes you think quick while having fun .3 . It 's fast playing , with no set-up -LRB- excuse the pun -RRB- .4 . It 's a game that makes everyone happy to be playing!Our youngest was five when we started playing this game and he was able to play first as a partner , and then very soon after he was the player to try and beat . He is 17 now and we still play this game . It 's a bit worn after a dozen years , but we are n't ready to replace . Whether you have children or not , this game is such a great addition to your game closet.Not many games priced under $ 10 give the enjoyment that SET offers . Buy it for your family , your friends , your co-workers , your in-laws , your neighbors , anyone ! Guaranteed you will not be disappointed in this game !
 We originally purchased this game when my son was 8 . He had no trouble playing it then and still loves it now that he is 11 . The object of the game is to match three cards in fourcategories : - they have to be all the same color or all different colors -LRB- red , green , purple -RRB- - they have to be all the same shape or all different shapes -LRB- diamond , oval , squiggle -RRB- - they have to be all the same number of shapes or all different -LRB- 1,2,3 -RRB- - they have to be all the same fill or all different fills -LRB- solid , stripes , empty -RRB- When you find three cards that match all the above criteria , you call set and collect those cards . The person with the most cards in the end is the winner . The catch is that only 9 cards are shown at any given time -LRB- unless there is no possible set and three more cards are added as a last resort -RRB- . It seems simple and it is but it takes a quick mind to look for the connections.Younger children can play it while the adults take their time and allow for some hunting.All the cards come in a plastic tray with lid to keep them safe for travel and storage.A great game for travel or restaurants to pass the time .
 This card game is a very special game of matching that I have n't tried in any other card game . It is well suited for all ages . I got two kids and my whole family is able to sit down and play this game , even the older people . There is no reading required , just a sharp eye and a sharp mind . Many times the kids do better than the adults ! The cards are very durable and come with a hard plastic case for storage . There are pretty thorough directions as well which is a great help when you first start playing . I would recommend this to any family of any age !
 Our experience has been -- the younger the mind , the better the SET player ! You play and see for yourself ! : -RRB-
 A matching card game in several dimensions ; kids usually win over adults because they are quicker at spotting patterns . Lots of fun for the whole family .
 This has become a new favorite game . It is fairly easy to learn but gives the brain and eyes a workout to find the matches .
 The object of the game is simple but the patterns you 're looking for can be difficult enough to see that it 's a challenging game for children and adults alike ! Hours of addicting fun , I would highly recommend this . Great family game and small enough that it 's easy to pack for traveling .
 My kids love this game.I play a simpler version with my 4 yr . old and advanced level with 7 yr old . It 's a good family game and a very good educational one too . We all love it .
 I was introduced to Set by a math professor of mine when I was visiting my old college last year . She told me it was exactly the type of game I would like , and she was exactly right.A deck of Set cards contains 81 cards . Each card contains a unique combination of four attributes
 I love this game . I bought two new copies to have for my math classroom . There are a lot of great activities one can make with the cards especially dealing with combinations , permutations , and probability . But besides that it 's just a great game that challenges you to see different patterns . It involves math-like thinking , but does n't always lead one to believe that he is actually doing math , which is great for 7th graders who need a break from math drills.I bought the product through Amazon because it was cheaper than other places . The only difference is that it comes in a box with a cheap plastic container , whereas my other copy of the game came in a nice durable plastic container with a top . But for the purposes of my use that was n't a big deal .
 This is an excellent game that can be played by ages 8 and up , and the kids stand a fair chance of winning .
 I got this as a gift for a friend , and they loved it so much that two more people wanted me to get it for them . So I gave it a try and I like it
 I have visual spacial kids , and they rock at this game ! I still ca n't beat them , and I 'm actually trying ! -LRB- I 've thrown a lot of memory games in my time , but I am sincerely trying with this one , and I 've never won against my ten-year-old daughter . -RRB- I love games like this that reach a different kind of learner . The whole family can play this game , and at the end , I feel like I 've had a complete mental workout ! The game is easy to play and understand , but WOW it stretches your mind to try to get fast at it . It 's a truly excellent game for the visual spacial learner .
 I bought these for gifts for 8 year old boys . When I played this game with my nieces ages 8-17 I had a blast . It uses your brain , but is fun . You can make the game a bit easier for younger children or keep the competition going with strict enforcement of the rules . It is also a good compact travel game for the whole family .
 This game is fast , fun , and hurts your brain ! Who knew pattern recognition could be so much fun ? This game is family friendly , sure , but it goes especially well with a beer . And it 's portable so it 's a good bar game , too .
 When you play it makes you feel smarter . I discovered this game at a dinner party many years ago , and have loved it ever since . If you want a game that you can play with any number of people , kids and adults , this is your game . it is fast , fun , and anyone can jump in at any time . It never repeats and so it is new every time .
 Not much to say that has n't been stated , just wanted to add my 5 stars to the group . I 've played this game for years and love it . It 's fast paced , competitive , and requires no strategy or plan .
 This is a great game . It is addictive and educational . Good fun for the whole family . I highly recommend it .
 Great game to enhance the creativity of the children.Looks easy but very challenging.Even adults can play and enjoy the game.Enjoy it : - -RRB-
 the best word to describe this game is `` thrilling `` fun , educational , and exciting ! works great with 4 players , great mind game
 It 's nerdy and it stops conversation , but no intellectual 's game closet would be complete without it .
 SET is a math game that is fun for everyone . It is seemingly a simple card game until you try it . SET is difficult to master but becomes much easier with practice . It 's great for killing time in the airport or to bring with you on travel . I 'd highly recommend it to people who like card games and stuff like Suduko .
 my family has been playing set for years and im sure my childrens children will enjoy it too ...
 We like it pretty well . We do n't play it exactly like the rules state though . It 's supposed to be that whoever gets the first Set gets control of the board and gets to keep going . Instead , we just all sit there and stare at the cards and then whoever sees one says `` Set '' and picks up the cards . I do n't know if we 'd continue to play it over and over again though -- it gets a little old after awhile .
 My soon to be 5 year old boy love to play this game . It is a great game to keep him thinking and focused .
 It is a game challenging your brain and quick reaction . Finding the `` set '' from all the cards is not only testing the brain also testing how fast you can get the cards before your rival gets them . The overall of the game is fun and educable , especially for family . I would recommend this game to other people if they are seeking the similar type of game .
 This is a good game for all ages . I play it with my 7 yr old daughter and she loves it but I also play it with other adults . It is a fun game .
 This game is fantastic . The instructions are pretty clear although the game uses a way of thinking most are not used to . A little slow at first as you need to check with others to see if you actually got a ` set ' , but after that , it is so much fun !!!! Potentially educational.Fantastic for young developing minds , an ` outside of the box ' kind of game .
 I used this game with my junior high math students -- usually my gifted students were the ones who liked it best . Sometimes it was surprising who would like it . I played it with my son who was a gifted student in H.S. at that time and we both liked it a lot . I would recommend it to any parent or family that likes `` thinking outside the box '' and games that are challenging .
 Fun game , even for adults ! Wish I had something like this when I was a child , I might have turned out smarter . Great game for kids and stimulating their visual association skills .
 Fun game , even for adults ! Wish I had something like this when I was a child , I might have turned out smarter . Great game for kids and stimulating their visual association skills .
 What a great game ! My co-workers and I play at lunchtime and inevitably gather a crowd of onlookers . My son and his friends -LRB- he 's 26 -RRB- play at outdoor cafes . It 's a great tool with young children if you scale it down to play all one color or all one shape . Classification skills are so important to brain development . It 's probably really good for seniors , too , since it keeps the brain active .
 This is a game that can easily be played anytime.It takes some thought but no other accessories are needed.If you think you 're smart - play this and find out !!!
 This is a fun , intellectual game that is easy to play once you get the hang of it ; and it is a fun family game .
 SET is a well designed game . It 's simplicity makes it easy to learn , and keeps the mind cranking each time .
 This game is a great change of pace from typical board games . The directions were a little confusing at first , but very easy to understand once everything was set up.It is quick to set up and there are no small pieces or money to keep track of . This is the first game my kids reach for on family game night or for a quick game on a school night .
 Great both to play competitively as well as cooperatively and for all ages . I have played with my children since they were 5 or 6 and we vary the game by using more or fewer cards at a time to decrease or increase the challenge . While we can play many of the packaged card games with a regular deck of cards , this one definitely needs the Set deck . This has been a very durable game -- we return to replay on a regular basis .
 We played this game with our family at Christmas , even our teen grandsons joined in . It was a blast . Easy to learn and fast moving . Great game .
 This game improves based on your experience and practice . There are three colors of cards with three different shapes and three different fillings for the shapes . You have to find three cards that have two of the ideas in common or three of the items in common or none at all . It can sometimes be fast or slow depending on chance and experience . I actually purchased this as a gift for someone because some friends of ours have it , and we love it . I do n't see it as a game for young kids , but pre-teen through adult should have no problem with it .
 I got hooked on SET a year ago or so and have been wanting my own game ever since . SET challenges you to find patterns in both intuitive and somewhat non-intuitive ways , improves your visual skills and your ability to categorize items , is highly transportable , and a lot of fun . It 's a game that bridges age and language differences . Everyone can play ... and once you get them hooked , they will . Again , and again , and again ...
 SET is a great game to pay with two or more players . I love how the game makes you think out side of the box to find a SET . If you enjoy this game try the daily on-line SET puzzle . I try to solve the on-line version in under two minutes ... great stimlulus for keeping older folks brain in top working order !
 I originally purchased SET 5 years ago when I taught technology education to students with special needs . I was doing a unit on game creation , and wanted the students to experience a lot of different games before they created their own . The game is not terribly hard , but it is also not a cake-walk . You 're challenged to create groups of 3 matching symbols
 SET CARD GAME IS A GREAT CARD GAME BUT SINCE THEY ARE CARDS DURABILITY EARNS 2 STARS . SET IS A FUN , FAST-PACED MATCHING GAME . SET RULES !!!
 This is a really great game that requires great concentration and thought . If you want to improve your logic and concentration in real life , playing this game will help you . The whole point of the game is to make sets of three cards by looking at 12 cards and seeing of certain things will work . This is a challenging game that will keep you having fun for hours !!
 This would appear to be an innocent card game ... but its so much more !! Fun and educational for ALL ages . In one game we had Nana in her 60 something 's and Rachel who is 6 and yet all were challanged and all had fun . It takes a moment to catch on but once you do WATCH OUT you are HOOKED !!
 We had hours of fun playing this game and our age range was 6 to 61 . You must buy this game .
 A friend introduced me to SET , and we 're hooked ! SET is one of the games that keeps you coming back , even long after you 've * mastered * it . The fact that everyone plays at the same time keeps it interesting , and the game definitely keeps you on your toes . All in all , it 's a great game that 's suitable for the entire family . We have modified the game rules slightly to play with younger players -LRB- < 8 years old -RRB- . We use a timer and take turns , giving the younger players a chance to see the SET without the pressure of beating other players.I would also recommend Quiddler , which is made by the same company , as well as Phase 10 , a rummy style game .
 I teach in a boarding high school and this game has been fabulous . Students know it and love it so we can get it out whenever there 's a lull in the activity and viola -- instant engagement . One math class designed an entire curriculum around the game and we hope to send students to SET competition next year . Highly Recommended .
 This game is much more difficult than it looks , but it is n't too hard for older children to play . In fact , my 11 year old is much better at it than I am . My 8 year old can play it , but finds it a bit frustrating . There are many times when we can not find a set even though I 'm sure one must be there . Definitely a game that keeps your mind working .
 This card game is a unique version of matching that I have n't seen in any other card game . It is well suited for all ages . I have a preschooler and a grade school age child and the whole family is able to sit down and play this game . There is no reading required , just a sharp eye and a sharp mind . Many times the kids do better than the adults ! The cards are very durable and come with a hard plastic case for storage . There are pretty thorough directions as well which is a great help when you first start playing . I would recommend this to any family of any age !
 I first played this game last year , at a study-abroad program . Games would start with just two players , but pretty soon we would have a whole crowd of people gathering in and playing . The game is very fun and enthralling . It may seem like it is not very educational in the traditional sense -LRB- one does n't learn facts nor counting -RRB- but it exercises your mind , and makes you think in different ways , so I would say that it is quite educational in that context . As it is a card game , it 's durability is based on how well you take care of it , and the cards do n't bend easily , but they do bend a bit .
 I 've played this game since I was about six years old and absolutely adore it . It stretches your mind but is still fun ! It is also incredibly addicting and as such has become quite a phenomenon at my school . After I introduced it , we began playing regularly in French II and Precalc ! The only problem with it is that if one player is considerably better than the others , it can become a bit annoying . My suggestion for this , if you have many players , is to make the winner of each round the next dealer , giving everyone a chance to contribute . My cards are over 9 years old now , and still going strong ! Pick up a copy today !
 This card game really is as simple as it looks -- which means your 8-year-old kid will probably beat you most of the time . This game is a perfect gift for a kid who likes puzzles , as well as for adults who do n't mind looking silly for the first half hour -LRB- a problem kids do n't have -RRB- .
 I was introduced to this game in my son 's math class and was amazed at the quick thinking and excitement it was generating ! Since I did n't `` get it '' at the time , I was excluded . However , I bought the game and very quickly our family was involved in the mindSET . Any age can play the game -- there are simpler variations to start younger children on . I have bought this game for many friends . It is a card game , so can be played anywhere . There is no waiting for turns , so it goes quickly . Play it and you 'll be hooked !
 This is the best game ! I play it with my kids , ages
 I love this game ! It makes you think in a totally different way . I use it for math enrichment in the tutoring program I run , and the kids are always challenged by it at first , and then become addicted to it . Grown-ups like it too . : -RRB-
 I love this game , but the choice of colors was unfortunate . Many members of my family are Red-Green colorblind.It would be nice if they did like the makers of Uno did and change their dyes to make the red and green more distinct .
 This is on my list of must own games . It 's a classic game that you 'll always want around . I am constantly on the look out for games that will help train my kids ' brains to see things in new ways and also provide some good family time . Set works for every age , all reading levels , and breaks language barriers -LRB- you can play this in any country -RRB- . I enjoy playing with my kids or with other adults . Since the game is a deck of cards , it 's easy for travel.I watched as a friend of one of my kids made fun of the game . I understood that child `` did n't get it '' so I made the deck easier so she could learn the concept and to get her started . It did not take long for her to understand and grow with it . Every kid deserves the `` leg up '' of using their brains in different ways . Play Mozart , but play Set too.Aunt LayaAuthor of the best loved self help book for teens , `` You Do n't Have to Learn Everything the Hard Way ''
 I first played this game at a leadership training weekend . Most of us who played are in college , but I can see how this game would be fun to play with a group of people with a wide variety of ages and abilities . It is great !
 This game can be played as a solitaire game or with other players . You can also control the level of difficulty . The concept is challenging to get but once you understand it , it challenges you to think of ALL different ways to create a `` set . ''
 This game sharpens perception and eye hand coordination when played quickly . For older folks , or those just learning , it is fun to work together to find sets in the playing cards laid down .
 I love playing SET . It is challenging and fast-paced -LRB- well , once your brain is in the mode of spotting SETs -RRB- . I 've enjoyed this game with adults and adolescents . In my experience , creative `` think outside the box '' type people enjoy it more than people with a more pragmatic perspective on life.It is not necessarily a good cross-generational type game -LRB- which I believe begs saying since it does not require reading one might think it 'd be good for all ages to play together -RRB- . Have fun , it 's addictive .
 I played this game after it was introduced to me a couple years ago . It is a game where you have to make a set of three cards that have different colors , shapes , number , and fill types by finding three cards that have three of these distinct characteristics . After you stare at all those shapes for a while , your eyes start playing tricks on you . You think you see one when in fact it is not.I registered for this for my wedding and bought it with gift cards I had received . Now that I have it , my husband and I play all the time . Great for people that like chance and challenge , but if you can put this in front of a bunch of kids in a classroom -LRB- as I did -RRB- , it keeps the room quiet for a long time .
 My mother bought this game for my daughter who was 5 at the time . She was really good at it from the start , it took me a little longer . It is a great game to play to keep the mind sharp and challenge it . My daughter is 7 now and we still enjoy this game . I highly recommend for ages 5 to 100 : -RRB-
 A great pastime , or a great educational tool . First graders can play , college students are still enthralled . A worthy taste to acquire .
 Great game . I bought it for my daughter - 6 . Surprised to see that she understood the game in a minute and started playing . If you have an iPhone or an equivalent , do n't waste your money on this . Buy the application for only fraction of the price and hassle free playing . With the app , you do not have the hassle of laying the cards , etc. . I bought this , but hardly used it . I discovered the iPhone app and now play on it .
 Love the game , but was very disappointed that this one does n't include the nice `` durable plastic carrying case '' that my friend has.Edit
 What a fun game ! Easy to learn and easy to play . It is great for teaching pattern recognition and no matter how many times you play , it is always a challenge .
 This game is great fun for the whole family . The more you play , the better -LRB- quicker -RRB- you can pick out sets , but what we really like is that there is no particular advantage based on age or size.We play as a family and my 9 year old daughter has just as much opportunity and likelihood to win as I do.The more often you play , you will develop an advantage over those who play less frequently.This game is fun and challenging for everyone .
 SET is great fun for the entire family ! I played it with a four year old that I was baby-sitting and she almost beat me ! Honestly ! We really had a lot of fun . SET teachs pattern recognition that is important to the learning process so it makes it ideal for young children . It is also a social game so it is fun -LRB- and challenging -RRB- for adults . I like the other games offered by Set Enterprises including FIVE CROWN and QUIDDLER . They are a lot of fun and make a great gifts .
 I was introduced to this game as a Senior in high school while on a Girl Scout trip to Michigan . We played it every chance we got between planned activities . It gets loud and fast . It was n't too tricky to learn , just to ` see ' the sets.When I got home it took months to find a toy store that had it , let alone heard of it.Once I found it I introduced it to my friends and half of them loved it , the other half never wanted to play me again . Most of the people who loved playing it were very math oriented in their thinking . People who are language people seem to have more trouble at first for some reason.It definately helps develop perception , thinking and pattern recognition skills . Not to mention addictive . I would recomed it for anyone over the age of about 8 .
 Always remember that the age requirements on toys are merely suggested ! My little girl just turned five and I started teaching her to play using only one color instead of all three . She loves it ! She has easily recognized the concept of a set and often sees sets that I did not ! Admittedly , we have modified the game to be turn based in order to give her more of a chance but I have high confidence that as she gains skill , we can change to the non turn based version . My only concern is with the fact that her younger -LRB- 2 1/2 year old -RRB- sister wants to bend the cards .
 Set is a fun game with simple rules that improves your pattern recognition skills . It is easy to carry around , being only slightly larger than a deck of cards.The games can become one-sided though , if one player is significantly better than the others . In this case , a time handicap -LRB- eg a 3 second delay -RRB- or tweaking the scoring -LRB- eg different players need different number of sets to win -RRB- can help balance the games .
 Set is a fantastic game . My husband and I love to play in the evening . But do n't play with people looking over your shoulder because they ca n't seem to help saying `` I see a set , '' which drives me insane . If you 're looking for a good way to pass the time , or to unwind , and you do n't like idle behavior , this is the game for you . I do wonder if color blind people can play , though , because two of the colors are green and red . Would n't they not be able to tell them apart ? Seems like they could have foreseen that and chosen orange or something .
 This game is highly addictive , very challenging , totally unique , and lots of fun for all ages ! Everyone competes to find Sets as quickly as possible , so things really move along . The best part is that adults do n't have to let the kids win -- often kids are better than the grownups !
 I often play this alone and am amazed how quickly it rids my mind of the old dusty cobwebs . Sometimes , I leave a game in progress out and whoever stops by the table will pick out a set or two . My niece , age 7 , loved it but was surprised this was one game she could n't get away with bending the rules .
 I have enjoyed every game from SET Enterprises that I have tried . Set is my favorite game . I have found that people either love it or hate it , depending on how good they are at it . The game consists of laying down 9 cards and finding visual sets of three . The characteristics of the shapes must be all the same or all different - number , color , design , and shape . SET Enterprises is great , because if you lose or damage a card , they will replace it . This game is fun to play with kids and adults alike , or even by yourself . You can even play a daily SET game online . I highly recommend this game to test your own smarts !
 Set is great for young to old , can be played alone or with others . Can be played with or without scoring , and there is a computer version available , but the cards are the best , and you may want to start with them . At first it will seem confusing , but then your mind will `` get it '' and take over . I started playing Set about 20 years ago , and as a high school math teacher , kept games and challenges in my room for students who finished work or tests early . `` Set '' was the MOST popular , and parents would come to Parent Conferences asking , `` What is this game they talk about all the time , something about Set ? ''
 I love Set , and have played it for many years . All of the decks I 've bought previously came with a nice hard plastic carrying case that fit the deck as well as the instruction booklet ... very handy.This deck did * not * come with the plastic case , which makes it easy to damage the cards . A very annoying cost-cutting move . This is why I 've given it 4 stars rather than 5 .
 At first this game seemed a little confusing to play , but once we figured out what a `` set '' was , it was AWESOME !!! It does get frustrating at times , since the sets are not always easy to see ... then again , thats the fun of it . My 15 year old daughter seems to have a good eye for the sets and beats us everytime !!! Def a lot of fun for the whole family ... all ages .
 A wonderful game anyway you look at it . There are three things that stick out as to why this game is so good . First , the game is incredibly simple to understand , and very difficult to master . Secondly , it is for any number of players that you deem fit - I 've played by myself and with up to 6 friends . Lastly , the game is incredibly addicting.The goal is to find `` sets '' of three cards that are all the same or different for each of four different categories -LRB- shape , color , number and shading -RRB- . With twelve cards showing , the first person to say `` set '' owns the set they find , removing it from the table - there are no turns , in the classical gaming sense . Replace those three cards with three new ones , and play continues . When the deck has been depleted , and there are no more sets to be found , the game is over . The person with the most sets wins ! You can incur penalties along the way by claiming to find sets that are not , in fact , sets -LRB- as defined in the rules -RRB- . The only thing I see being an issue in the coming years is the durability of the game . It is a card game , and the cards -LRB- like any other playing card -RRB- can show wear over time . I can see it lasting for at least a couple of years , and if you play it enough at that point , just purchase another one if your cards are not holding up -LRB- the game is very cheap ! -RRB- . One good thing is that the cards are held in a very nice plastic container which protects the cards incredibly well . This will result in the cards lasting longer than a typical deck of cards , as you can store it anywhere without fear of the cards getting dinged up when not using them.The game play is seamless , and can be incredibly taxing - not to mention sometimes frustrating - on the brain at times ! This game really makes you think , and do so quickly if playing against others . This game is a great way to keep your mind sharp , while having fun . I would recommend this game to anyone , even people who are not regular game players . Give this game a try , you will not be disappointed - especially considering the low price tag .
 The game SET is really a diamond in the rough . With all of today 's video games , talking this & that and animatronic do-dads , Set is a great source of entertainment for all.General Commentary : - Ideal for groups of small -LRB- 1 -RRB- to medium size -LRB- 5 or so -RRB- . - I normally play in a group of 20 somethingsBenefits : - Great for mind stimulation . - Great for younger -LRB- learning colors , numbers , shapes , etc -RRB- and older kids alikeCaveats : - With older `` kids '' , the game can get a bit competitive - At times , the game gets very close to a game of Hot Hands and it 's a matter of who can get there faster -- with apprehension anytime anyone moves a muscle - Not good for car rides or playing outside in potentially windy areasOverall : - The game is wonderful , but can get a bit competitive and a little addictive .
 My girlfriend and I play this occasional , and both love it , even though we do n't think alike -LRB- what guy and girl do !! -RRB- . After playing a few times -LRB- very evenly matched -RRB- it was interesting to discover we look for different types of sets from each other .
 This game is great even for kids . It challenges your mind and is great for math people , but you do n't have to like math to enjoy it ! We 've bought sets for two other friends already as gifts.You can play it solitaire just to exercise your mind , or play against others to make for a fast-paced challenge .
 My sister tot me the game set I rilly liked it . The best thing about set is that it makes you think hard . Me and my sister like to play befor school it wakes us up .
 Game requires players to find cards which share characteristics . Even young kids -LRB- five and six year olds -RRB- can find the more obvious sets . Discerning the more complex sets is challenging for players of any age - particularly if speed is emphasized . Playing on teams and eliminating the harder sets makes it a child-friendly game . I love this game .
 As an adult , the first time I played this game , I was blown out of the water -- I just could not seem to get the `` sets '' quickly enough . Regardless , I was instantly hooked ! I promptly purchased SET for my own family , though I was n't patient enough to work with my daughter to learn this when she was 6 . Now that she 's 8 , we 've spent the summer reading and playing games , and this is one of her favorite since any number of people can play -LRB- including solitaire -RRB- . She was really reluctant to play at first , since the cards looked so complicated when set out on the table , however she picked up the concept within half an hour . ***** She 's gotten so good at it that we 've turned it into a travel game -LRB- without the cards ! -RRB- Here 's how
 SET is one of those rare games that is fun , educational , and appropriate for almost all ages all in one ! I 've known people who 've used it in math classes , field trips , and parties . It 's also a favorite at my college gaming club -LRB- we 've nicknamed it the `` Oh my head hurts '' game , you 'll see why -RRB- . It invloves making sets of shapes , colors , patterns , and numerical groupings , but you can read those details in the rule pamplet . It may take a few rounds to understand what makes a true set , but once you get going it 's hard to stop ! It can be very competitive or very social -LRB- or both -RRB- . You can have any number of players , and nothing else is required except the deck of cards so it 's quite portable . A tip
 I did n't know much about this game when i ordered it but I knew it had great reviews . Now I know why . I played this with my kids the first time and then we called up my husband and he got sucked in . We play it with both my 4 year old and 7 year old and they enjoy the challenge . i would buy it again in a heart beat !
 It can take a little while to catch on , but once you do , SET is great fun ! It is great for visual learners . I have taught this game to all different ages and everyone enjoys it !
 I think this is the best game I 've ever played . It 's so fun ! Yes , it is addicting and you will see the shapes in your sleep . If you enjoy challenging your mind , you 'll absolutely love this game . Super simple yet complex . I 've yet to beat my 11 year old who seems to be a natural . Still , I know I have stealth like set seeking capabilities just waiting to come out .
 This is a very fun and educational game . I bought one for my daughter to take abroad and one to keep at home .
 Set GameI purchased this game for my 9 and 6 year old . This has turned out to be our family game night favorite . The game builds analytical , observational skills . I would highly recommend it for kids above 6 years of age .
 We played this game with our 10 year old boy and 12 year old girl . The boy loves the game and wanted to play it over and over again . We had to come up with a rule while he was learning the game that no one could call set for 5 seconds after the cards were dealt each time to give him a head start , as the older people were quicker . In addition , he was very quick to call set and then retract it , so we had to not deduct for that for a while . All in all a great game , though . I would recommend this for bright 9 year olds and up .
 This is really such an awesome game . It is great for teaching thinking `` outside the box '' and looking for patterns . Love it !
 Friends introduced us to this game several years ago and we 've been hooked . Since then , we 've had kids . Four things :1 . It is great as a competitive game with great suspense as everyone stares intently at the cards laid out .2 . We 've also played cooperatively and we do n't keep score .3 . Our toddler makes up matches of two and tells us what he 's matching i.e. shape , color , number etc. 4 . It helps sharpen those categorization/matching brain cells . Each picture can be broken into four variables , i. the number of shapes ii . the shape itself , iii . the color of the shape iv . and the fill type . Each variable can be one of three variations i.e. three colors , three shapes etc. . A set is made when each variable in a set of three cards is either all the same or all different.We have bought this game for numerous friends and family . Makes a great small birthday gift , stocking stuffer , thank you gift etc.We 're also hooked on Quiddler - a kind of a cross between Scrabble and Rumy .
 A perfect game that is easy enough to play with your 10 year old but hard enough that he or she might beat you !
 We first played this game with a group of seven , it took a few rounds to memorize all the rules , but we had a blast by the end . We also played with two people and it was also fun . You have to think and watch quickly !
 My wife and I played this game on New Year 's eve with a group of 8 people ranging in age from 16 to 60 , and it was the most fun we 've had playing a game in many years .
 I started playing this game this year at summer camp . I love it . I now play it all the time .
 Our children love this card game . We take it along on trips and they play for hours . The rules were easy for them to learn and they quickly picked up on the game .
 The kids and I love to play this game . They love the challenge of trying to beat mom . Set is great fun , and you can take it anywhere !
 What to say about SET . First , that it is a very exciting game - fast paced , challenging and educational . Second , that its a great way to exercise your mind , in a different way then regular card games . There is nothing to lose by learning this game .
 This is a very fun game that you can share with your whole family and all of your friends . This game will blow your mind away . It is easy to learn and funner than any other card game that you 've probaly ever played . The object of the game is to match three cards together . The cards have three different shapes and three different colors ; any way that you can match three cards you call out SET and take your cards . The person at the end of the game with the most cards or sets wins . I highly recomend this game to anyone and everyone .
 Set is a very easy game to learn and very challenging at the same time . It can be played in a limited amount of time , and with minimal set up . Played 2 rounds after dinner last night with my 17 year old . She plays with large groups of friends and they have a lot of fun . The game rewards creative thinking because there are multiple ways to create a `` set '' . Great alternative to word and strategy games .
 this game is a really fun game that teaches kids how to look more closely and works on their motor skills .
 This is a great game . I 'm a 32 year old student finishing up my teaching degree . I was introduced to this game by my professors to use in the classroom . It 's a great game and has won honors by many societies for being so educational . Mensa -LRB- unsure of spelling -RRB- even gave this game an award.This is definitely a game for older children and adults - I would guess that 4th grade a up would offer the best results.Anyway ... great game for all , educational . The only reason I gave the game a 4 for durability is because it 's a set of cards . Cards never last as long as you would like .
 Set is an absolutely amazing game . It 's what my roommate and I do instead of homework . Not only is the game a lot of fun , but it is also a great mind game because you have to think quickly and use logic to make sets . One game always seems to turn into seven since it is super addictive to play .
 This card game was recomended through my homeschool support group . I started out playing it with my 8-year old son , who got the hang of it quite easily from checking out the website for the Set game -LRB- www.setgame.com/set -RRB- . Then , my 6-year old daughter peeked in on us and started finding sets , so she joined in . When I play with adult friends -LRB- who can get a bit argumentative and aggressive , by the way -RRB- , we can let the game go on for quite a while , with folks coming and going from the game as they please . With the kids , we set a timer for 30 minutes and count up our cards at the end . Since this is a card game , I like to take it in my bag to keep us busy in doctors ' offices and on car trips -LRB- we need a cookie tray to keep the cards from sliding all over -RRB- .
 Set Game is very entertaining for all ages above 10 . My nieces and nephews loved it and played it for hours with me . The surprising thing is that all ages can play at the same time and compete with each other . It 's great for having fun and exercising your brain at the same time . I 'd recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a good challenge .
 Another Christmas purchase . Our family likes board games and I ' always looking for something that is a challenge . This certainly fits the bill . The rules are simple , but the play is intense and quick . Younger kids -LRB- under 10 -RRB- can certainly play it , but they would probably get frustrated if playing against older teens or adults .
 This game is one of those that takes moments to learn and ages to master . Well , I hope I 'm wrong about the ages part because my new goal is to get really , really good at this . This game will have smoke pouring from your ears the first time you learn it , unless you 're one of those fortunate folks who do n't have a difficult time making visual connections and establishing purely visual patterns . If that describes you , then congratulations
 Age 6-106 and the 6 year old may win . Worth every penny , never boring . If your kids like to beat their parents -LRB- without the parent losing on purpose -RRB- get this game !
 I just was introduced to this at a small family reunion . My 75 year old mother , myself , and my sister all played this wonderful mind stretching game . It 's quite easy to learn , easy to see -LRB- my mother has vision problems -RRB- but challenging to play well . I must admit we played cooperatively , not with high levels of competition . Afterwards , each of us felt we had gotten `` mind aerobics '' . We felt refreshed too.I highly recommend it to all ages.Just wish there was an electronic version so I could play it solitaire on the plane .
 We recently played this game on vacation . It is challenging and fun for both adults and children . I would recommend it for everyone . Plus , it is easy to pack .
 I bought this game 2 years ago for my then 6 year old daughter . She caught on pretty quick and loved to play it very often . The great thing is it is fun for adults too . I love to play it as much as she does . It is a fast paced game that does not get boring . Last year I even bought the computer version and it has helped us become better players of the original version . Get this game and I promise you will not be disappointed .
 Wow ! I was recommended this game by a friend and figured at such a economic price - why not !? I had no idea I was in for such a treat ! The packaging was a very nice quality , and you could tell the company that makes this product takes great pride in the ` user experience ' of the simple things like the wrapping , included tray , and instructions . I was also very pleasantly surprised to find that they offered a version my kids -LRB- age 6 & 8 -RRB- can play , as well as a version my husband and in-laws all found challenging and FUN ! Once I played the first round I was totally hooked ! It 's addictive fun for the whole family . I 'm so happy I acted on my friend 's recommendation ! I 'm thinking of picking up several more as gifts for birthdays , ` happy vacation ' , and christmas gift for friends & family . It 's always fun to give something a little more unique as a gift !
 As a `` senior '' I enjoy this game to keep the old wheels turning . I do a lot of Sudoku , but Set requires different skills , within the framework of a fun game . Since it can be played alone or with others , it has a versatility that other games do not .
 I teach 6th grade and our school district uses this game in its math/science olympiad . I bought a set for home to play with my own kids . It is so fun ! It keeps all of us thinking . It 's fun to watch my kids ' eyes dart back and forth as they try to find the patterns they need to complete a set . Great for language skills practice as well . Each time one of us finds a set we must verbally explain how it fits the requirements -LRB- number , shape , color , fill/shading . -RRB- I 'm sure we will have hours of fun this Summer playing this game together .
 speedy delivery was given on a great game and at a very good price . I use this in the classroom . Logic flows .
 I love this game . My husband introduced me to it 15 years ago . It was part of our courtship . Ha ha ha . I 'm fascinated by watching children play this game and seeing how they play this game . Once I took it to a holiday celebration with the family of some friends of mine . For years I had watched the dynamics of their family -LRB- one branch had two children who were labled as Gifted and Talented , another branch had two children who were labeled as special needs -RRB- . The fascinating thing is that the `` special needs '' kids beat the pants off their cousins . First time they 'd ever been better than their cousins at anything . It was very interesting . They could see the patterns without overthinking it .
 My kids love this game -- Set Cards . They both began playing in elementary school and have lost several cards over the years . They insisted on a new set even though they are now a sophomore in college and a senior in high school .
 Four `` attributes ''
 This is a great game!I almost purchased this game about a year ago , but changed my mind and bought Qwirkle instead -LRB- also a great game -RRB- . Then , my daughter played this game at school for enrichment . She loved it , but wanted a chance to practice the game at home , so I finally purchased it . The whole family enjoys it , and I wish I had done so sooner!Using just the solid patterned cards , I am teaching Set to my preschooler . Sometimes I lay the cards out , mentally choose a set , and show her two cards that are part of the set . Then she picks out the third card for the set .
 My sister bought me this for christmas , it was so fun my dad , my sister , and I played it every night . For a kid it 's a little hard but after you get it there 's no stopping you ! I 'd say it 's ages ten and up but it 's a MUST BUY !!!!!!!!!!!
 I wo n't go into how much fun this game is for everyone 6 and up ... I think there 's enough reviews here for that . I would like to add that my 4 yr . old has caught on and many times sees the sets before anyone else . The way we taught her was to take out two of the three cards that make up a set , and then let her pick out the third one that goes with it . After she was able to do this with ease , and with great speed , she was ready for competition . Such a fun and unique game ... My whole family loves it !
 I first came across this game in 1994 and have been hooked ever since . Not only is it mathematically rich -LRB- there are lots of probability questions that you can pose and solve in classroom settings -RRB- , but it improves your visual perception and acuity the more you play it!Adults love it , and kids love it too . You do n't have to be brilliant to play , but it can be tricky at first . As with many things , practice makes perfect . And just wait until your kids start making sets faster than you do!I 've used this in classrooms with kids as young as 9 , and have seen their abilities to spot patterns increase tenfold . And the kicker is that the kids do n't even realize that they are learning and sharpening their ability to think critically.A great game - tons of fun ! And even if you are `` afraid '' of math and think you are n't a `` math person '' you will love this game ! Especially if you like puzzles and trying to figure things out .
 It seems simple enough . You have a deck of 81 -LRB- 3 ^ 4 -RRB- cards . Each card has either one , two , or three shapes on it . The shapes are either solid , striped , or empty ; red , green , or purple ; diamonds , ovals , or squiggles . Find sets of three cards such that in each of these four dimensions , either all three cards are the same or all three are different . -LRB- Three red cards , or one red , one green , and one purple , but NOT two red and one purple . -RRB- You 'd think that you would get tired of this game . But you do n't . It 's strangely addictive . What usually ends up happening - at least when I play - is that you find two cards , then start looking for the third card -LRB- there 's always exactly one -RRB- that will complete the SET . Sometimes it 's there - but most of the time , you ca n't find it . You start to get mad at the cards - if this one was only green instead of purple , or had two shapes instead of three - but there 's nothing you can do.Then someone finds a SET . It 's always obvious once someone finds it - how could you not have seen it ? That 's why this game is so addictive - it seems so simple , but it 's not.There 's one problem with this game , though . Once you get good at it , everyone else starts to resent you for it and not want to play any more . I 've been there . Be careful .
 My almost 5 year old daughther has been playing this for the last year and loves it . It takes concentration and a lot of work but she can now entertain herself with the game . She is also starting to see more complicated patterns that I sometimes miss ! Really a great game to acquire math skills .
 I got this game for my 5 year-old daughter at Christmas , and we are hooked ! It 's challenging for her , but she gets it ; I am so addicted to it that I go to the SET website every day to solve the daily puzzle ! -LRB- Which , I might add , is excellent for learning how to play the game and for practice . -RRB- At the SET Enterprises site , you can also buy a PC version of the game if you prefer this to using cards , as I do.I gave this three stars for durability only because this is played with cards -- like any card game , they can get lost , bent , whatever . I keep this in MY room so the cards do n't get lost -LRB- and so I can play after my daughter goes to bed -RRB- ! This might be too difficult for most young kids -LRB- it 's perfectly suited to my daughter 's learning/thinking style -RRB- so beware the frustration factor . However , you can play easier versions as well to start -LRB- by using only one color , for example -RRB- and progress to the full game for them . TEN stars for educational value -- it 's a great brain workout!Anyone who likes puzzle-type games will love this !
 Forget those expensive boxed party games ... Set beats them hands down . Truthfully , this has been our favorite for years . Why ? Here are my reasons : * Any number of players can enjoy the game . How many great games are there on the market , but they are limited to 3-4 players ? With Set , my wife and I can enjoy a quiet game at home , or we can take it to a party and invite all takers . * It does n't discriminate . Truthfully , I think any kid ten years or older would be at no disadvantage vs. adults . It 's simple pattern recognition , and it 's surprising sometimes which players are good at it and which players are n't so good . * It 's portable . Seriously , just keep a deck in your car , and take it anywhere . * It 's online ! I play the Setgame daily puzzle every day , and it is a great way to keep in practice . Try it out for yourself at the company 's website.Set is a fantastic game . It 's true that sometimes new players are frustrated for a while -LRB- they will typically see three of the four patterns , and make a lot of false calls -RRB- , but if you 're patient with them while they learn , they catch on fairly quickly . By your second time through the deck , they are doing fine . Get this game ; you wo n't regret it .
 Ever bored out of your gourd playing games with your kids ? Not with SET . You are learning at pace with the kids -- ours are 7 and 9 years -- it is great fun to see them cogitate , see them beat Mom and Dad often . There are many levels one evolves through , but just one simple rule . Great game . Take it alone on an airplane , and kids can play it on the Internet . Great find ! Buffalo toy Buff
 My seven year old daughter loves to play set . It is a great game because after you know the rules , age is not such an important factor in winning . When we first started playing , I trained my daughter by working with her to identify all the sets . I let her look at all the cards and identify sets . Then I would give her clues for other sets that I saw . Pretty soon , she was just as good or better than me at playing this game . I think it would be a great game to play in a classroom . One problem with this game is that there are not enough examples given in the instuctions as to what constitutes a set .
 We played it first at a friend 's place with his 4 year old and seven year old sons . We got so hooked onto it that we bought a SET for ourselves and a couple of gift SETs as well!It is very fun and easy to learn even for young children . However , it is not a `` winding down '' or `` relaxing '' game - it charges you up as your brain is constantly on the lookout for the matching patterns.There are no limits on number of players - it can be played by as few as two players , or as many as you want . The same set of cards has so many different ways of making sets that each game is totally different.Best of all , it is like a pack of cards , so you can carry it with you easily on trips and play anywhere .
 I love the game SET . I learned it in my 6th grade math class , and I got my dad to buy it for me . It has high educational value , and it is lots of fun to play by yourself or with other people . Once , my cousins and Aunts and Uncles were over , and we played SET . For some reason kids catch on faster than adults . After a while it was just us kids who were playing.At school we have a computer version which is fun , but I still perfer the card game .
 Purchased our 1st Set Game many years ago ... nowour newlywed kids wanted their own . If you like games that provide fun along w / some brain stim , this is great ! The rules can be modified for many age/ability levels . It was fun to watch our kids graduate to more advanced levels over their growing up years . This game was played at home and ALWAYS went on vacations/camping trips . Once any of our kids friends were introduced to `` Set '' , they always requested it the next time they were around for family game time .
 I love this game . I have yet to introduce to anyone who did n't enjoy it . My teen youth group took the time to learn it and master it . It 's a must buy . Really great for the therapeutic setting as well -LRB- relationship building , teaching kids to be a good sport , and building longer attention span -RRB- .
 This game is so unique . My daughter and I play it frequently . She is 8 years old but very smart . It takes a great deal of focus and perceptiveness to win this game . You either like this type of thinking or you hate it . My wife does n't like it , but my daughter and I love it . My daughter wins most of the time when we play . She is so quick at it . It is a good exercise for the brain . I recommend it if you like annalytical type thinking games .
 I first played this game with a group of adults , but actually have more fun playing it with my nieces and nephews . Rather than play it competitively , we look for a set and announce when we have found one , but wait until everyone has had a chance to find one . Often , when the set is then pointed out , we find more than one set was spotted . This game is also good for developing basic math skills/concepts . Truely a fun game for ` kids ' of all ages !
 I first learned how to play this when I was in first grade , but it 's better for ages 9 & up . Anyway , you 're trying to match groups of three cards in different ways . They have to be either completely the same or completely different in all of these three categories
 This is a great game . We play it in math class , and learn about recognizing differences and similarities . The days we play this are my favorites .
 This is a great game -- get it ! But do not be fooled by the `` only online '' message . Toy stores carry this game . This item costs about $ 12 plus over $ 7 -LRB- !!! -RRB- for shipping and handling , not including the tax -LRB- about $ 1.5 -RRB- . You 'll be paying over $ 20 for a $ 12 game if you buy it online . Just go to the toy store and buy two ... you 'll need the extra deck . -LSB- YES , over $ 7 for shipping !!!! r-i-p o-f-f ! -RSB-
 SET is one of our family 's favorite games , to play at home or with friends , ages elementary school to college and beyond ! We 've given more SET Games as gifts than any other single game . My eldest even teaches the math behind SET as an MIT Splash ! class every fall , and my youngest used SET as the basis for her Math Fair project in elementary school . What can I say ? We love SET!The goal of SET is simple
 Great game for learning disabled kids.Makes them think about organizing things . As a family we all have fun with this game .
 I bought this for my 7 year old and she took one look at it and said - we have that at school . I would describe this when played alone as more of a puzzle rather than a game . I ended up using it myself and am addicted ! It is a great way to take a break from the daily grind . The NYtimes.com has a free online version which they change daily . It is a great way to mix fun and using your brain at the same time .
 Set is a great game to play with all ages -- you can play with half the deck to simplify the variety of sets you can make which makes it easier for younger players to get the hang of it . Good travel game to bring along , as it plays quickly .
 This is a card game my kids discovered at school . It is a simple game to learn and play , yet is still challenging for adults as well as kids.Both my 7 and 10 year olds love the game as do I . It plays quickly , transports easily and can accomodate any number of players from one on up -LRB- ok i might not play with 20 ! -RRB- . It is a good brain game without seeming to be . I highly recommend it .
 forces one to use the brain in ways you usually do n't use it in day to day life . which causes circuits in the brain to connect and cross connect that would n't normally do so . good brain exercise , for sure .
 This is a game that is fun for everyone , but probably better suited for people over the age of 8 -- or it could be frustrating for them . This was a great game to get high school age kids involved and playing with the rest of the family at a gathering .
 At first it was difficult , but the more times we played it the more we liked it . It is a great educational game for the whole family .
 There are always math majors playing Set in the department ; so much fun I had to have my own deck .
 SEt is a great game that is fun for kids and adults alike . I like it because you can play it with turns or you can play it by who sees the set first . I think this is a great educational tool because it uses both sides of the brain . I like to take it when we travel .
 I wanted to buy this based on the reviews and this game does not disappoint ! My 4 yr old was able to pick up the rules quickly , and we play it almost daily with her - she LOVES it ! And she does almost as well as us . We introduced it to her grandma and aunt and cousin and they all love it too . The game goes quickly and yet is a challenge every single time . It 's a great game to take traveling since it 's so small and lightweight . I highly recommend this card game !!!
 Set is highly addictive . I really enjoy it . From my experience , I would say that about 20 % of people * LOVE * this game , and 80 % enjoy it enough to play it with those other people . You have to be a bit of a geek to enjoy it . However , if you are , you will probably love it . It 's also very good exercise for your brain , of course , which is another reason I like it - and if I had kids , I would * definitely * teach them to play Set , and play it with them . I think the difficult pattern-matching works your brain in very productive ways .
 I had to buy three more SETs so more of my students could play at once . :--RRB- They practice critical thinking without boring exercises or fake scenarios . I got hooked on it when I played it with my sons several years ago .
 SET is certainly fun , puzzling , and makes for an exciting time with friends . There 's a learning curve at first , and children will probably have a hard time getting over it enough to enjoy the game if you do n't help them out quite a bit . After everybody knows how to play , it 's a lot of fun and can get very competitive . However , the game can get old quick . My girlfriend and I have been playing it randomly for just 2 months or so , and it has already lost a lot of its attractiveness -LRB- regardless of if we 're playing eachother or in a larger group -RRB- . Final thought
 WE love to play SET ! It makes you think fast and it is amazing what one person sees and another does n't . I also love that it is a SMALL game as we have so many and I can appreciate something this fun taking up only a little bit of space !
 SET is so interesting whether it 's played by yourself or with friends and it 's competitive and educational and makes you think outside the box . I 'd suggest it to EVERYONE .
 This pattern-recognition card game is deceptively simple , extremely ingenious , and totally addictive . -LRB- And it 's easy to see why it 's won so many awards . -RRB- Took me a few plays to realize what the `` all the same or all different '' rule actually meant , but once I did , the game became fast-paced and endlessly fascinating . One thing they do n't mention on the box or in the instructions is that no matter what two cards you randomly pick from the deck , there is always -- always -- a unique third card that forms a set . -LRB- Using this idea as a test is a great way to learn the game . -RRB- Once I realized this , finding sets became easier and utterly fun . Very highly recommended -- and I 'm no pushover !
 This game is great for mental exercise , no question about it . It 's a lot of fun to play against other people , I find that I enjoy it as much -LRB- or even more -RRB- as a solo game , where I just deal out cards and look for sets . No frills , just find the patterns ... they 're there even if they are hidden until you turn them up !
 We played this game when I was in elementary school in my discovery class -LRB- advanced -RRB- . We ALL loved it , and I 'm so glad I found it again to buy it !
 My 2 sons are grown college graduates now but we played this often when they were little . My younger son beat me regularly when he was in elementary school . I think I found Set the year it won the best new game award and it was one of the best games we had through the years . I think I 'll pick up a new pack of cards because you can play it solitaire also .
 My son is eight and loves this game . He first played it online in his math class , and now we have this card game . Even my 6 year old really enjoys it . You do n't have to read , you only need a logical mind to play ! Also very portable for travel or just to stick in the car when you need a take along activity .
 Set is a wonderful game ! My third grade students are fascinated by it -LRB- and I , as a teacher , appreciate the kind of thinking it requires -RRB- . It is also a great family game . I recommend it highly .
 Great game once you get the hang of it ; it took my family a little while to pick up on the sets to look for , but once we did , it is a great quick after dinner game . Takes about 10 minutes or so to play a round , and the competition really heats up . My 11 and 15 year old were both equally skilled at it .
 I have loved this game for years and now I finally have my own . I am currently teaching my five year old how to play by starting out with only one color . Great game , makes you frantically think .
 This is a brain workout for everyone - and the greatest thing about it is that it 's equally fun and challenging for six year-olds and senior citizens . Practice improves your skills !
 Set is super easy to learn and extremely addictive to play , by yourself or with others . It 's also great for math-minded folks , or folks who you wish would be more math-minded .
 So easy to learn but fun to play !! A great game for all ages . We took it to family functions and it was always a hit .
 Good for reaction time , field discrimination , and sorting skills . I enjoy playing with my seven year old . As her teacher says , this game &#34; stretches the brain &#34; .
 I have been playing this game forever -- my sister and I like to play it on vacation at the cottage we rent . It is a game that is not the best to play between more experienced players and novices , as it is a game that requires becoming accustomed to seeing the shapes and colors , which requires time more than anything else . Great for families though . My family learned how to play at the same time , so even though my sister and I were still kids , our parents did not have a huge advantage because we were all at the same place.Great game though . Tricky , but addicting .
 This is one of the best games out there for a variety of reasons . It 's quick and easy to explain ; it 's very portable and inexpensive ; and it 's a satisfying mental challenge . Everyone plays at the same time , so there 's no waiting around . But it 's also easy to step in and out ; if you stop paying attention for a few minutes , you can easily jump right back in . Spectators can even start playing in the middle of the game . It 's great to start playing where there are other people around and watch how quickly a crowd can gather around the game , with everyone actively participating.So how does it work ? There are 12 cards laid out on the table , and the goal is to find a `` set '' of 3 . Each card shows a geometric shape or shapes with four different attributes
 I had heard about Set for years and finally decided to try it . I am glad I did ! The game is fun and fast , and quickly engaging . -LRB- I found that out when I tried it as solitaire and my husband kept playing over my shoulder . -RRB- I enjoy games that engage different thinking skills and Set does just that . I find that searching for various combos that make a set give me a bit of a brain workout . But you do n't have to tell anyone it builds thinking skills -- just pull it out and play , because it is just plain fun .
 I bought Set Game as a Christmas present for my husband and since that day our whole family has spent many fun hours playing . At first we had a little trouble figuring out exactly what is a set and what is n't , but the rules are very clear and include examples of sets and non-sets . The product description and other customer reviews helped in my decision to purchase the game , but also knowing that the rules are both in English and Spanish -LRB- my husband is Spanish , and we live in Spain -RRB- . Our kids -LRB- aged 6 and 12 -RRB- absolutely LOVE the game and always want to play . Our 12-year old usually wins .
 We had this game some years ago , but the cards got lost . It was fun to re-discover how much fun this game is . I particularly like that people of many different ages can play together and have a pretty equal shot at winning . I like that there is no chance and only skill involved in this game .
 From elementary school-aged children on up , everyone in our family loves this game . Easy to play and understand , yet challenging . Great family game .
 It is a fun game , it is kind of interesting to see even my then 4 year old can play competitively . You can even play on line when you go to their official site .
 Really just wanted to add a +1 for SET . It 's a great game as others have pointed out . It 's a card game so I would n't really count that as particularly durable ; however , the cards are by no means low quality.The only draw back to this game is that It 's not much fun to play with a group of different skill levels . Very experienced players can CRUSH inexperienced players , In the process It 's really not much fun at all for the inexperienced players watching the cards fly of the table . For the experienced players inexperienced players offer an almost no competition and that 's no fun either.On the plus side is that getting competent does n't take long so it 's easy to get a group going.For context , my comments about experience reflect fours years of almost daily play in college with the same three people . At this point ` seeing ' a set is really just reflex.Bottom line
 We enjoy playing this game by ourselves and with friends . There 's no limit to how many can play this game , the more the merrier ! It is confusing at first but once you get how to play it -LRB- usually the second time around our friends were pros at it -RRB- it is very engaging . It is based on visual observations and lots of cognitive sorting of different combinations of cards . it is very simple , portable , great travel game ... only needs a flat surface to lay out the cards . this game is also great fro all ages . it is great fir children to develop patience , observation and thinking skills , and it is great for adults to keep the brain working : -RRB-
 This game is ... both easy and difficult . There are four different categories for each card -LRB- shape , color , number , shading -RRB- and each category has three options . You have to identify sets that match in ALL four categories - either they have to be ALL the same in a category , or ALL different in a category.So if they can be all green , all diamonds , but TOTALLY different in shading and number.The person with the most sets at the end of the game wins , and they have suggestions for variations at their website.Teaching yourself to recognize the categories is hard , but the rules are simple . I suspect that some people are just naturally going to find this game easier than others - it seems very much to be a `` way your brain works '' kind of game . That means it 's certain to be a good levelling game because your kids might be better at it than you are - and all kids like to win because they WON and not because of chance or being allowed to win : -RRB-
 An excellent game in which players build sets based on number , shape , color and pattern . I want to like it , but most of the folks at my house are color blind and have a hard time differentiating between the red , green and blue cards . The non-color blind have a definite advantage !
 Great game for 3 + people . It is a little harder to play with only 2 but still can be done and really fun . It is harder then you think at first , but you can catch on quick . It 's fun to see how different people 's brain works when recognizing patterns . A + + + + +
 Great game . The person who shows you the game will find SETS -LRB- three cards that qualify -RRB- all over the place , while you think you are blind , slow or both . Do n't worry everyone feels that way . Once you get on track you 'll do fine . Great game to play with your kids . If you want to build their esteem and get beat by them . Kids seem to play faster and see more . Must be the uncluttered minds .
 I was at my brother 's house for a family get-together when I spotted my 9 year old niece playing SET by herself . When my five year old son and I came over she quickly explained the `` rules '' for finding a set and she got right back to concentrating on her game again . I could n't help trying to make sets as well as I sat by her , but it was n't easy . About 5 minutes later my brother-in-law came over and he also could n't help joining in . I was amazed that my niece was finding set after set and was timing herself to see how quickly she could find them ! When everyone went to bed at night I took the cards and played set by myself . I was hooked!The next day I purchased my own set . Now my 5-year old son and I play all the time . We have both gotten pretty good at finding sets quickly and it sometimes we have n't laid all the cards down yet before someone shouts `` SET ! `` I have purchased many games for friends and family ... as matter of fact I am purchasing some more right now !!
 I bought this game after a friend at work introduced me to the concept . The players have to find the `` set '' , meaning differences or similarities of the symbols on the cards . Each `` set '' consist of three cards . Easy ? , Not . Very challenging , great for those who like thinking games . Would be awesome for kids , builds observation and awareness skills . This game also won an award from the MENSA society . I highly recommend it to all .
 very simple to play , but hard to master . it is a good game for two . up to four . it is much harder than it seems . it is a great game for the competitive , family or friends . cause it is hard to play and talk at the same time . if you are not out for blood then the game works too . but in our family , we play to win . fun game .
 I was introduced to Set not as a child but as an adult in my late 20s . My group of friends played often , and it was not unheard of to walk into what was supposed to be a raucous party only to find 15 people huddled silently around the coffee table , concentrating intensely , only to be interrupted by the occasional exclamation of `` SET ! `` I took it along on a recent ski trip with my young -LRB- 9-year-old -RRB- nephew , whom I was not sure would `` get '' the rules , since they require quite a degree of abstract visual thinking . However , I was pleasantly surprised when he turned out to not only pick up on how to play , i.e. how sets were formed , but turned out to be a worthy competitor!This is one of the rare games that can be enjoyed in mixed child-adult groups , and continually challenges the skills of visual association and left-brained thinking while still being thoroughly enjoyable .
 This game is great fun for a wide range of ages . The younger ones in the family can join in and are often better than the parents . This is also a great game for adults only .
 This game is addictive . Every time you play , you ca n't help thinking there 's a set even when there 's not . You keep on wanting to find more pairs every time you play . You have to open your mind a lot , because the sets can be totally different cards as well as similar cards . It 's interesting to watch adults play , since they have more closed and less creative minds .
 I am 24-yrs old and I LOVE THIS GAME ! It 's has become an obsession and gotten to the point where I ca n't go anywhere without it ! -LRB- I 'm not kidding ! -RRB- I gave one to everyone in my family for Christmas ! You can play it by yourself or with others . It is really challenging and helps people of all ages to `` think outside the box '' . My family has such a great time playing this game-and its great for so many different types of people ; smart , young , etc. . Everyone I play the game with goes out and buys it the next day ! So be forewarned ! It 's addictive !
 My 6 years old boy loves playing this SET card game . He actually does better than his parents . I enjoy playing this card game because it helps my son recognized shapes and colors . I recommend this card game to any parent and I am even buying them to give as gifts .
 During my Algebra class a few years back , our teacher would often let us start our homework . Whenever my friends and I finished early , we would head straight to the puzzle cabinet , grab a deck of `` SET '' and start playing ! It is a great game that teaches you while you have fun ... being a kid , I can tell you how hard it is to find a game like this ! Although the cards rip and bend , -LRB- just like any other decent deck of cards -RRB- if you give them the care any toy needs , it 'll last you many games !!!!
 I found the SET game to be very challenging . Once you catch on it is easier . I like the fact that it 's for multiple age levels . I remember wanting to play with older people as a child but there were n't many age appropriate games . I encourage everyone to buy this game . It is very fun and great for a group !
 This is a really fun game . It 's one that is not too hard , but makes you think . I think that the makers of the game even suggested math uses for it . We really like to play this game as a family . It was shipped in good time - but I have some issues with the shipping - they wo n't ship a game to Hawaii , so I had to have it shipped to family on the mainland , then pay to have it shipped here to HI . What a pain ! I would understand the issue if the game was oddly shaped , but it is n't . We live in the US too with the same mail system . Anyway , besides the shipping issues , I 'd recommend this game .
 Set is a great game for all ages . The fact that it is shape - and color-based makes it easier for younger players to learn . Not only is it incredibly fun , it helps develop logic , reasoning , and spatial recognition skills . In addition , the rules are flexible enough that there are a thousand equally fun permutations to learn and play . Set is definitely a must-have for all .
 This game , by far , has been the most entertaining games my family has enjoyed . Want to get a room of people to join a game ? Just pull this one out and eventually EVERYONE will be drawn in . Challenging and Addicting at any age level ; do n't pass this one up !
 Love this game ! Great for kids to get them thinking !! Great for adults too ! Hmm , need six more words here !
 It seems so simple in concept but really is a great game . I first bought this when I was teaching the gifted and talented class at my school . The kids LOVED playing it . I ca n't explain just why . So , I bought it for my 6 year old son . I was afraid it might be too difficult for him , but he has caught on to it in no time and now loves playing it . It 's amazing to see how he comes up with some of the more difficult sets ! I would highly recommend especially if you have a G/T child .
 A family member recommended this to us . It is a great game , challenging young minds and adult minds alike . I highly recommend this to any family .
 You must be good in looking and recognizing - then this game is fun for the whole family . Kids are better than adults .
 My 6 yr old loves to play this alone and with the family . It 's a great travel game and never boring . Granparents are usually interesting in playing too which is nice . I 'm quite tired of Candy Land and the like . This game and Castle Logix are great mind-muscle games that interest me instead of bore me to pieces ! Portable , interesting , and easy to learn .
 This game is great with big or large groups . We love it because we can play it with a group of adults or children . The rules are simple and easy to understand .
 My family loves the game ! We became addictive after the first round . My kids , 10 and 13 , love a lot of mind games and this is definitely one of them . Great educational value too !
 I am a high school math teacher and when I introduced my students to this game they all went wild over it . I have my Algebra , Geometry , Advanced Algebra and Trig students begging to play ! It 's easy to teach the rules and it improves their spatial reasoning . I LOVE IT !
 I had purchased Five Crowns from this game maker and thought I would give Set a try . Like many `` simple '' games , this one is harder to master than one might think at first . Set is a pattern identification game and if your mind is bent in that direction , you will do well . Part of the game is also being able to identify when there is NOT a pattern . These aspects make this game a challenge . A great game for folks above about 13 or so . It gets extremely frustrating for kids and my teenager walked away in frustration while the rest of us were hollering out patterns . If you want a game for a family get together that is mostly adults , give this one a try . If you want a game for your family that includes young kids , look for something a little more age appropriate .
 This is a great game - much harder than I thought it would be but you can start out in steps and then advance to harder stages of the game.I would recommend this game to all ages .
 This game is the most fun card game out there . I learned to play in my high school Pre-Calculus class and after that , we would beg the teacher to play . This game really makes you think hard and really get into the game . I would recommend this game to everyone . It 's pretty simple to get , and once you get it , you will love it !!! Play this game , it 's so addicting !!
 Set is a great game for all ages . No language or reading required . Watch out adults ! Your kids will beat you .
 This game makes you THINK !! It 's fun for adults -LRB- I have used it at an adults only coffee klatch -RRB- , and for kids -LRB- my 7-yr old daughter LOVES this game -RRB- . Highly recommended if you like any sort of puzzle/math/quick matching games .
 This is a great game . It 's challenging , but good for almost all ages . There 's a lot to think about when you 're playing , so it works the brain , but it 's a lot of fun , as well . It 's interesting to see how different people see things , because each person playing will find different kinds of sets . I recommed this highly .
 I was first introduced to this game about a year ago and I ca n't get enough of it ! It 's a great game to play at a party because it 's easy to drop in and out of it . It 's also a fun game to play solo . Great for all ages ! A friend just told me that her school used this game to choose children for the gifted program in her elementary school .
 My daughter played this card game at a friend 's house and really loved it . I got her SET for Christmas and she began playing with it immediately upon opening it . It 's easy to learn but takes awhile to master . A good family game .
 I think set is a very fun game for 7 + . It is a good game because it is half a brain teaser half a consuntrashone game . But sometimes when I play set it gets a little frustratting .
 OK , I played this with my nephew and got hooked myself . Really wokrs your brain and is fun .
 I bought this for my 10 years old , it was too simple for her and me , but my 4 years old pick up the game quickly , now she is the only one seems to enjoy it .
 My friends and I have played this game a couple of times on game nights and its fun because it goes quickly and involves quick thinking instead of an elaborate strategy . I have also played this alone while flying and it helped to pass the time .
 this is a great game , fun for all ages -LRB- well , as long as you can understand the game that is ... -RRB- there is a learning curve but once you get over the hump , fun fun fun : -RRB-
 I have played the game for a few years and still love it . After brain injury a couple of years ago from a botched surgery , I have been able to use the game to build back certain mental and visual coordinations . I play it every night before going to sleep . It has also helped my dyslexia . I recently sent SET to my mother-in-law who is having trouble with her memory . It is a wonderful brain exercise for any age .
 This is a pretty fun card game . It 's deceptively simple . Each card has a symbol on it . Each symbol has 4 traits
 Unlike so much of what is out there for providing entertainment , the card game SET is not only fun but challenging . It really sharpens your mind . It is a very versatile game , too ; as few as one person can play it , yet there is no upper limit on the number of players . It 's portable . No turns , either -- whoever sees a SET can call it . All in all a very fun and addictive game .
 This game was under our Christmas tree two years ago and has not ceased to be a favorite past time . We enjoy the fun challenge as a family or you can play it alone . This game has also helped with artistic development . I do n't know how to explain this part of my review , so I hope you can understand what I 'm saying . My 12 year old daughter and I have been quilting this year . When I was trying to explain how to match fabrics when putting a block together , she said , `` It 's sorta like SET '' . Your artistic eye becomes trained in the process to blend matching or contrasting patterns in color , shape or texture . I can see how this game has really helped my children when designing an art project.Educational or not , we 've enjoyed this game since day one . The price is excellent considering how much entertainment it has provided . It has never collected dust at the top of the closet .
 This card game is like Pringles - once you start it 's hard to stop - it 's an amazingly easy concept - Make a SET of three w / some simple guidlines . This is an All Ages game - I 'm 18 and I 've beaten 40 year olds at it , but I 've also been beaten by a four year old -LRB- I was trying really hard too ! -RRB-
 SET is a marvelously simple game that gives your brain a great workout . It is NOT , however , a silly , kick-back and socialize game , such as TABOO , OUTBURST , or even TRIVIAL PURSUIT . Players silently and intensely scrutinize the cards as each tries to be the first to spot a qualifying `` set '' . I 've played with people who love the intensity of the game , and I 've played with people who quickly get frustrated because they are never fast enough to win a round . It is an inexpensive , `` must have '' game for people who like to challenge their brain .
 Set is a game that will become addictive , will warm up your brain and will definitely give it the exercise it needs everyday ! This is one of the best games I have ever found , and it is made even better by the easy set up and easy rules . I highly recommend this game for everyone .
 The rules of the game are quickly learned . The game focuses on logical thinking and looking for patterns . It 's unlike any other game I 've ever played . As a result , everyone ... kids and adults ... have a good shot at finding `` sets '' -LRB- the object of the game -RRB- . My son has been playing with my wife and me since he was around 6 or 7 years old.If you find that the game is a bit challenging , you can simplify it by using only part of the deck -LRB- for example , just the green cards -RRB- . As players develop a better understanding of the game , it 's easy to add the rest of the deck and play by the standard rules.Get this game , and have fun thinking !
 Set game is the best game I 've ever played . Since I found set game , I 've been searching in vain for another game equally stimulating.Though the set game model is entirely abstract , the play is not logical or mathematical . Players have to rely on visual pattern matching skills . It gives an advantage to players who are often on the losing end . Quilters beat doctors - I 've seen it happen !
 I found out about this game at a class on problem solving . It is great for all ages , as it is very adaptable . It really helps kids and adults to look at many possible `` sets '' and helps develop categorization skills as well as quick association skills . I have bought several and given them to my children 's teachers as gifts !
 We played this game on Christmas day with family and friends and had a blast ! Your eyes get a little funky looking at the shapes and colors , but that is why this game is so interesting . Not hard to play but definitly tricky especially for the young ones who want to participate . We played for 2 hours and no one wanted to stop !
 I use this game when working with gifted and talented students in elementary and middle school . This game is great for teaching and practicing patience , concentration and searching for multiple objectives . The kids love it ! It 's always hard to get them to quit ! Highly recommended .
 With this game a `` Set '' of three cards can be right in front of you without you seeing it . The rules are simple , and with a little imagination you can come up with other uses for the deck . A great game for excercising your and your kids pattern matching abilities . My only complaint is that my wife can always find more sets than me !
 This is one of the best card games I have ever played . It tested my logic , and my whole family loves it !
 Very good game . Can be played solo , or in group . Very addictive :-RRB- Improves out of box thinking . : -RRB-
 Here 's the gist of the game
 I recently started bringing Set to my local favorite bar and its a big hit . Random people that come up to order a drink are intrigued and start playing . And the bartender is a natural .
 This is a replacement Set game for me . When it first came out , it received all kinds of awards for the innovative nature of it and how it can be played by adults and children alike , with the adults not having an edge . I have shared this game with a lot of people and many like it a lot . Once you get the concept of what a `` set '' is , it becomes infectious to keep playing .
 I got this because my son -LRB- 30 -RRB- had it and we had a blast playing . i am 60 + and can use any help I can get stimulating my remaining brain cells -LRB- the ones left after the 60 's . -RRB- I played it at Christmas with my grandkids and some other adults . And it was even more fun ... . you have to be quiet and concentrate ; with kids that 's quite a bonus !
 This is quite an addictive card game . The goal of the game is to identify `` Sets '' of three cards out of a panel of twelve . The cards show simpe shapes -LRB- squiggle , rounded rectangle , or diamand -RRB- in groups of one , two , or three , with different color and different shading . A `` Set '' comprises three cards where each of these features are either all equal or are all different . After a `` Set '' has ben called the three cards are removed and replaced by new cards from the deck . There are 27 `` Sets '' in the deck , however , usually there are some left over cards at the game that can not be combined into a set . In a typical game 24 sets can be scored . The game can also be played by a single person , for example by trying to find as many sets as possible in a given time period.I play almost every day two or three rounds of this game with my daughter when she comes home from school . She is unbeatable and usually slaughters me in one-on-one games . I have suffered several shut-outs and consider it a great succces to win five sets to her twenty or so . We have started a handicap system to even out the game
 I volunteer with kids , and they love this game ! I also play it with friends my own age -LRB- 18-21 -RRB- and their parents . Best ever .
 This is a wonderful family game for all ages . It gets everybody involved at the same time . There are no turns . It takes time in the beginning to find the set , but once you get it , it is a lot of fun .
 My husband had played this game at a friend 's house and enjoyed it . I purchased it and skimmed through the rules before playing with family . I did n't read them closely and made the game much more difficult than it needed to be . After playing a couple of rounds with people frustrated and unimpressed , my husband set us straight and we have enjoyed it ever since . My husband and I like fast paced games and this is n't incredibly fast with two people , but when there are more eyes , the pace picks up . I have also found that the more we have played it , the quicker we get at it , though it is still plenty challenging .
 I got this for my kids , but so far , the adults in the family have been having all of the fun . I was looking for games that would help teach my kids abstract thinking and creative ways to think `` outside the box '' . This is AWESOME ! Warning
 I love this game . It is challenging and keeps my mind active . I have shown this to so many people and they all really like it . Most have went out and bought it after playing . You can play by yourself or with others . I bought this for my mom , my brother in law , one of my friends and my 10 y/o nephew for Christmas . I can play this for hours!edited to add
 Set is a good game for 7 and up kids to adults . Reinforces concentration on details , and is a fun game for mixed ages .
 This is a great game . I recommend it for everyone . My 4 year old is catching on , although we have to ` play down ' for her . My 8 year old son plays this all the time and enjoys teaching his friends to play . Teaches sorting , deductive reasoning , logic , and critical thinking . I am buying another set to give to the TAG -LRB- talented and gifted -RRB- program for my son 's school.A great game to teach others , and when everyone begins to catch on to the rules , it is fast moving and exciting . The New York Times website offers a daily set challenge -LRB- online as well -RRB- . Give it a try !!
 I 've been playing set on and off for a few years and needed a new set . like all card games , the cards get dented after a while or wet etc. -LRB- I also cracked the lid on my last set of set -RRB- but it 's a great game , you can play with 2 or 20 , and it really makes your brain work to find patterns quick . And it 's easy enough that my 5y old cousin plays too . -LRB- not , you know , well , but still -RRB-
 Fun game that exercises your mind , spatial thought , and reaction time . We played with adults and with nine year olds . Everyone had an equal chance of success . Challenging , thought provoking , and enjoyable to play . Highly recommended as an adult game and as a game to play with your children and grandchildren .
 We played this for a solid hour and loved it ! Kind of funny to see a bunch of college kids on a Saturday night playing this game , all huddled over the table trying to find sets .
 pick a ` set ' of matching patterns from a spread of cards . seems easy , but you will find yourself challenged . cheap , engaging , good fun .
 I first played this game with a group of friends to pass the time . When it was time go we did n't want to put it down . It 's a game for all ages and is very engaging . Just find a group of people you are sure you would enjoy it with .
 This game is addictive , I played it for the first time on a backpacking trip to Kentucky . The game-set is portable , and the game-play is simple . My 10 year old brother and I have played this game at restaurants , malls , parks , you name it . I play this game at least three times a week , and never get tired of it.The game mechanics may be difficult to comprehend at first , but once you get the basics it turns into an addictive , competitive , and stimulating game.If you 're you 're a fan of quick puzzles , pattern recognition , and reaction time based game-play , buy it .
 Its a great game . Its a fun way of learning . Easy way of explaining set concepts . My 4 year old loves this game .
 It is very interesting family game . My kids love it . But I do n't know why it cost more than 10 dollars to a pack of cards . Anyway , you may find some where sell it cheaper .
 Set is a gloriously simple game that also manages to be mentally stimulating and thoroughly engaging.Each card has four elements , and each element has three possible properties :1 -RRB- Symbols - diamonds , squiggles or ovals .2 -RRB- Number - there will be one , two or three of the symbol on the card .3 -RRB- Color - the symbols can be red , green or purple .4 -RRB- Shading - the symbols can be empty , striped , or completely filled.Twelve cards are laid on the table , and players look for a `` set '' of three cards . For three cards to form a set , each individual element must be all identical or all different -LRB- but it can vary by element -RRB- . For example , the following three cards are a set : - 2 purple striped diamonds - 3 purple striped squiggles - 1 purple striped ovalbecause color and shading are the same for all three cards , and number and shape are different for all three cards.It 's that easy to learn , and plays as many people as you feel like fitting around the table . With no real `` rounds '' -LRB- unless you choose to impose them -RRB- a game can last as long or short as you want.The pattern matching mechanic is great mental development for children , and a challenge for anyone.The only negative is that the choice of red and green as two of the colors makes it colorblind unfriendly -LRB- I have several friends who are , and even the ones who are only slightly red-green colorblind have trouble with the shades used here -RRB- . One of the greatest and most elegant card games there is . Highly recommended .
 Finally got a chance to play SET last night . We gave this gave to our youngest 5 year old , yet all my kids loved playing it . The delivery was swift .
 This game is fun to play and sharpens your mind . The game is suitable for a variety of ages and personalities . Plus it offers a challenge to see a variety of possibilities among the cards before your opponent calls ` set ' . This game can be played as a solitaire as well as with others . Enjoy .
 I 've been playing set on and off for a few years and needed a new set . like all card games , the cards get dented after a while or wet etc. -LRB- I also cracked the lid on my last set of set -RRB- but it 's a great game , you can play with 2 or 20 , and it really makes your brain work to find patterns quick . And it 's easy enough that my 5y old cousin plays too . -LRB- not , you know , well , but still -RRB-
 Awesome puzzle for all family . You have to match colors , shapes , shading and numbers and find a SET of three cards on which each individual feature is either all the same or all different on all three cards . Lot of fun !
 Set - two couples reading rules and learning the game . We ended up with several questions not answered in the rules . We had to play several practice hands and came up with what we hope are correct answers . We have not actually played a non-practice game yet . We adults were getting headaches ! LOL I 'm sure we will improve with future games .
 I have been playing this card game for well over a decade now . I love it . LOVE IT ! My mom introduced me to it when I was about 6 or 7 -LRB- I am now 22 -RRB- . We love to play it with new people and teach young kids . It is fun , exhilarating , adn challenging all at the same time !! I love SET !!
 First played SET at a friends ' house and was immediately addicted . As soon as I returned home , I purchased my own . Love that you can play by yourself or with a larger group , with young kids or older adults . It helps stimulate your brain as well .
 It 's destined to be classic card game , potentially of `` UNO '' fame . Set ! Set ! Set ! The concept of the game is so simple but the game is addicting-ly fun . For the money , its one of the best deals out there . There is a little learning curve to picking out the sets but once you get the hang of it , you will be scrambling for the cards in no time getting your SETs together . It definitely took me a few games to even be able to pick out the SETs , but I 'm telling you , once you get going its one of the best card games around .
 SET is a great card game for all ages . It teaches kids about patterns and it keeps the adult mind sharp . Of course , the adults will be frustrated because the kids will learn it quickly and beat them every time . My eight year old daughter is a wiz . It is a quick game so you can use it as a filler for any down time , at home or on the road .
 I am 14 , and I love playing this game with my friends . It 's really tricky at first , but once you get the hang of it , it is a lot of fun , and competitive . Recommended for anyone who wants a challenge ! = -RRB-
 Loved it the first time I played it - bought it for myself , my son 's family and for the third grade class he teaches .
 My kids play this game all the time ... it is so challenging for them and they really have to THINK ... I love it because they are using their brain . And they just LOVE it !!
 I bought set for my daughter whom is 10 and needed to learn it for a competition . Nice challenging card game for the entire family .
 This is one of my favorite games . This is my second purchase -LRB- I forgot to bring it with me on vacation -RRB- . It looks like it should be easy but it is deceptively exciting . I think four is the ideal number to play because everyone has a clear view of the cards but you can play with more . It can get pretty loud and silly with people shouting `` Set '' when they have it -- and when they really do n't . It is a great game to keep your mind sharp .
