 Got these last Christmas as a gag gift . They are great fun , but obviously this is not a toy that lasts !
 I purchased these as gifts for upcoming birthday parties . These are great , creative gifts , at a very reasonable price . They come shrink wrapped together , but when you take that off , they are individually wrapped as well , so you can separate them , or leave as one gift . Girls love them .
 Great book because it has monsters in it ! It has fun games and it will read the story to you .
 I got this game , and the IT Expansion pack , deeply discounted at a game store . I must say that this is the first card game that I can actually relate to from personal experience . What fun . If you work in an office , and especially if you work in the IT department , this may be a fun game to play during lunch -LRB- in the rare event you do actually get to not work during lunch -RRB- or `` after hours '' with your friends . It will probably get old after a few plays , as the gags and cartoons are really funny only the first time one sees them , but it 's great to play this game at least once just for laughs .
 My daughter received this for her third birthday . She was able to do level 1 -LRB- shapes -RRB- and level 2 -LRB- counting -RRB- pretty independently , if I separated the left and right side pieces from each other and told her she needed to pick one from each side . Having the bus to `` frame '' her pieces was helpful . I love that they put the number words under the numbers . After she found the match for six , she said `` S-I-X makes six ! '' and was very proud of herself . We started doing level three , but only the addition , and she was fine with it . I can see what a previous reviewer said about subtraction being a problem by covering the second number with the picture , though . But so far , she 's enjoying her success , enjoying putting the pieces together , and feeling very smart indeed . The pieces are made of strong cardboard , which should be durable enough to last until she is no longer interested . I think this might be too easy for a five or six year old , though , and the recommended age is up to age 6 .
 My son enjoys this game very much . It requires you to find objects that match specific shapes and numerals , and it offers beginning addition and subtraction as well . Children know they 've got the right answer when the puzzle pieces match up , which is really fun . The reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because the subtraction part of the game has the potential to be confusing . For example , on one puzzle piece it shows three apples with a number 3 below it , a minus sign , and then one apple with a number 1 below it . While you and I know that three minus one is 2 , when I presented this to my son , he covered the one apple that was after the minus sign , looked at the initial three apples , and said `` three . '' If your child has a problem with this as well , I recommend using real food or household objects -LRB- e.g. apples , markers , spoons , crayons -RRB- to teach subtraction . Then , when you present three objects and ask your child how many there are when they take away one , they can clearly see there are only two left .
 This is an excellent learning tool . It starts with basic shapes , then numbers , and then addition and subtraction . All done in a simple puzzle format . Wonderful to use one on one with two to four year olds . The whole concept is very basic , but the skills are extremely necessary and this is a great start .
 Trains , shapes and pegs - a winning combination , guaranteed to make both the child and the parent happy . Good starter puzzle for the 1 yr old range .
 The Loco Shape Puzzle is a Christmas Gift for a two year old , so I ca n't comment on how much he will like it . However , I am very pleased with the quality , and how colorful the puzzle pieces are . I would certainly buy from the seller again , as it arrived in a timely manner , and is as was described .
 My daughter is still pretty young , but I am sure as she gets a little older she will play with it more . In my opinion it was money well spent . I was just concerned however on where it was made -LRB- ie China etc. . -RRB- I could n't figure it out for some reason .
 This tic-tac-toe take-off is extremely fun . Do n't let the `` JR '' fool you . It is simple enough for my 5YO yet challenging enough for any adult . Each player gets 6 `` gobblets '' -LRB- 2 small , 2 med , and 2 lg -RRB- to play with . We learned very quickly that part of the strategy is figuring out which size pieces to play first , but it is also important not to just `` gobble '' each other up since it is easy to gobble to the point where each player has just two spaces on the board . Since `` gobbling '' is so much fun it is hard to resist over-gobbling . This is a top-notch game , very fun to play . The gameboard and pieces are all wooden and attractively decorated . Even the box is very sturdy . This is a fun and welcome addition to our collection .
 This is an AWESOME game ! Almost everyone know tic-tac-toe so it is EASY to learn and quick to play . You ca n't play just once ! The twist is that your pieces are slightly different sizes - just big enough to gobble up your opponent . The first person to make tic-tac-toe wins , but it 's not as easy as it looks when you 're stuck in the mindset of just making three in a row and forget about the gobbling possibilities ! My 4 and 5 year olds will beat me even when I 'm trying to win ! Excellent beginning critical thinking game . Grandparents loved playing it with the kids too .
 I like that kids can beat adults at this game . It 's like tic tac toe but in an advanced way . It 's simple enough that my 4-year-old takes a try with this -LRB- not so successfully but with a lot of fun and enthusiasim -RRB- and my 7-year-old definitely plays this well . You have to watch your moves carefully because your pieces can be covered by an opponent 's piece easily -LRB- and with tic-tac-toe you do n't get to cover someone 's space once they 've played on it , so this can be a tricky addition to the game . -RRB- Friends introduced us to this game one weekend and within 2 days I ran out and bought it myself . Easy to travel with as well ... you can just pile up the pieces in a small bag and leave the wood board at home . When you get where you 're going , it 's easy to create the board with a piece of paper and pencil -LRB- just like a tic tac toe board . -RRB- This is a good gift item as well . Not as many people have this at home so it 's one you can feel safe in buying and giving to someone as a little something unexpected . We 've ordered a few as gifts and have fun teaching the game to others .
 I bought this game to bring down to my vacation home , a new game that the kids do not have at home . Every time we go to the house , the kids want to play Gobblet first ! It is just like tic-tac-toe , but you can eat up your opponent 's pieces with your own larger pieces . It is a game of strategy . My 7 year old enjoys beating her 17 year old cousins in this game , before they figure out how to do it . My 5 year old can beat his cousins as well . I would recommend it .
 I have 5-7 year olds and they love to play this . We have the neighbors kids over and they have round robin tournaments and the 5 yr old can beat the 16 and 12 yr old neighbors because there are so many options to win . It is like tic tac toe on steroids ... in a good way !
 I play this with my grandchildren . It teaches us both the value of a good memory and is challenging for all . You sometimes miss the most obvious . Lots of fun -- tic tac toe with a twist !
 This game seems so simple yet it can be very complex . It is easy and quick to learn . The adults had as much fun as the younger kids ! It is a durable game made of wood . It is so durable in fact that we will be taking this camping with us for hours of fun ! Initially we thought this was sort of pricey , but it has been worth every cent we paid . It is a quality made strategy game . We ca n't wait to get the bigger version for the big kids !
 Last Christmas , I bought the Gobblet Jr. for my grandsons , who were 4 and 6 . They both had fun playing , and I was impressed with the extra level of strategy necessary because of the gobbling ability of the pieces . Only trouble was that my older grandson easily beat me .
 My 2-year-old grandson loves this , as he is fascinated with all `` machines '' with wheels - real or pretend . A great buy .
 Our kids shared `` Henry '' in the 70 's so I wanted our grandaughter to have one and was pleased to find it on Amazon . We recently introduced it to her at 5 months and she really loved it . It is `` new and improved '' , much softer and safer .
 I have owned a Henry Dog for almost 38 years ! He is a wonderful stuffed animal . I used to take him everywhere with me . He does have some battle wounds and stitches , but he 's almost 40 years old . :-RRB- I think Henry is a great friend for kids . I love the `` old-fashioned '' toys of my youth that spark a child 's imagination and creativity and Henry is one of those toys !
 I had Henry back in the 70 's . I do n't remember him with a nose since it was chewed off , but he was well loved . He 's long gone and I thought I was the only one who ever had a Henry since nobody knew what I was talking about . I ca n't believe I 've found him again !! Nobody can replace my original worn Henry , but I 'm so excited to have his clone back !!
 I had the original Henry in the 70 's , now my mother has it at their house . My mom takes Henry with her on all of her international trips because he fits nicely in her carry-on thus he becomes her companion . He has been beaten up throughout the years therefore Henry wears a patch over his left eye . Oh well . My dog liked him too . I had a Henry and a Snoopy during my toddler days of the 70 's . They were best buddies . Now Snoopy kicks it down in Florida at my parents winter home and travels up North for the summer to hang out with Henry , that 's if he 's not in Europe somewhere . Priceless .
 My son is 37 now . When he was a little guy , he had Henry . We had to take Henry everywhere . He talked to him , and he blamed things on Henry . When I saw this a few months ago , I got him a 3 '' one . Well he hung it on his mirror in his truck . Since then we found out my son has cancer . He will be starting chemo soon . I ordered a big Henry for him to have something to hold on to when he has a bad day . Please pray for my son Bob . Thank you and God Bless !!!!
 I had Henry back in the early 70 's . I am forty now and still have my original . I bought a new one for my Dad who is ill because I knew he would get the significance . Henry got me through the insecurities I had as a child and I am hoping he does the same for my Dad as he battles terminal cancer.Thanks for making him again .
 I remember growing up with a Henry Dog and now I have a son named Henry - a perfect match ! This plush puppy is soon to be a best friend and loving companion . He 's soft and cuddly , just like my Henry ! A quality stuffed animal with his trademark name tag and cute red tongue . If you have a `` Henry '' in your life or any child looking for a best friend , Henry 's your dog .
 Gave this as a gift for my sister 's new baby . She had several Henry dogs when she was little in the 70 's and still has a couple of them . They have change a little in the material used by still the same effect . It 's a great reproduction of the past and sure to make memories for the future .
 I purchased this as a gift to my son . He and his wife were expecting a baby boy and my son had his own Henry back in the early 70 's . Henry was his most prized possession back then.He loved the new Henry and it actually brought tears to his eyes when he opened this gift.The new Henry was made very well and I am very pleased with this purchase .
 I bought this for my brother who is 35 years old - when he was growing up , this was his favorite toy and he still has his original , but , after 30 years , he has seen better days !!! I came across it accidentally online and thought it would be a `` funny '' gift for him.I ordered this and was quite surprised that i received it so promptly - within 48 hours of purchase i had it-This was even nicer than i expected - soft and plush and a great toy-Needless to say , my brother was pleasantly surprised and quite amused to receive this at Christmas !!!
 My older sister had Henry when she was a baby . She still has it to this day . For one of her baby shower gifts , me and my mom ordered Henry so that she can give it to her won daughter . She was brought to tears . This is a great gift for the young and for the young at heart . I am so glad that my niece will get to have the same joy that my sister had with her Henry .
 I have had this toy for as long as I can remember . I 'm 25 years old now and Henry 's still around . I was shocked to see him here . I know it 's a very simple toy by today 's standards , but he was my absolute favorite toy to hug and drag around from age 4-12 ! And he handled being love-worn extremely well !
 I was given my Henry dog when i was 1 year old in 1973.35 years later he still sits in the bedroom , where my children are amazed Daddy still has his soft toy.I have bought one of the new Henry dogs for my 6 year old daughter as she always loved my old Henry , and the comfort he gave me through my child hood . A classic toy worth lots of hugs .
 Henry has been with me since I was about nine years old . I Love him still . I now passed him down to my son . He loves it too . I am so lucky to have had Henry when I was growing up . He is very special to me .
 I had this toy as a little girl and he went everywhere with me and slept with me every night . I gave mine to my boys when they were little and unfortunately I did n't pay enough attention and they tore him up . I 've been wanting to buy another one just as a nostalgia thing for a long time . My husband finally bought him for me and I love him ! I did n't get the classic , I did get the new version . He is slightly different from the old , classic version . His name tag is a bit different as is his coloring , nose , etc. . But he is unbelievably soft and cuddly . I also bought one for my great-niece and nephew . Definitely recommend this product .
 There is something that Henry Dogs brings to a child . It 's a simple toy , but such an amazing thing that happens when a child connects to it with love , companionship , and comfort . I first got my Henry Dog when I was 2 years old and it has bought much joy throughout my childhood . Now 35 years later , I still have my Henry Dog which sits in an old wicker chair in a corner of the guest room . My brother also had a Henry Dog back in the 70s , he too still has kept his Henry Dog for over 30 something years . He took his Henry Dog everywhere just as I had as a child . The Henry Dog has bought so much enjoyment as we grew up and still has a priceless value throughout our adult years . Most stuff animals children grow out of , but there is something with the Henry Dog that makes us want to hold on to it . I still love my Henry Dog , and best of all , my Henry Dog reminds me of a simple thing in life , to live life happy . Thank you for bring happiness to so many with the Henry Dog . I 'm still waiting for the Henry Dog to be in stock one day so I can gift my child a Henry Dog to love and adore .
 I wish this product would become available so I could buy my daughter one ! I have had my Henry for 26 years -LRB- got him the day I was born -RRB- and he has been thru multiple washings , and being carried everywhere ! IF this is still made like mine was it is a great toy !
 What it is about `` Henry Dog '' . My daughter was 6 when we gave her Henry . Love is not the word . Obsession ! A few years later my ex-wife decided he had to go . Under the guise of an `` incurable '' lice infection my ex-wife threw him out . Trauma followed . We bought a replacement which my daughter has safely on her closet shelf . He is thread bare . I found him online and was overwhelmed to read the reviews at Amazon.com . None had less than 5 stars . Each story told how this little guy had touched their lives . These Henry owners , both girls and boys , cherished him as if he had been a `` real '' dog . I guess to them , he is . Daddy had to buy his little -LRB- 40 year old -RRB- daughter a new one . I got both the 14 '' and 3 '' . I was on the phone when she opened the box ... . Henry was home again . My granddaughter saw Henry got excited and wanted one also . She is 19 years old . This company should bottle `` Henry Dog ` s '' charisma . Thanks for keeping him alive .
 I 've had this toy since I was a year old or so -LRB- honestly , I 've had it for as long as I can remember -RRB- . I ca n't believe they 're still around . My 5 year old has inherited mine . She loves it very much . There is n't much too it , but for some reason she loves it just as much as I did . It 's a great toy that is trans-generation . I 'm sure someday my daughter will pass it on to her child , too . Henry the Dog will be around forever .
 I had two Henry Dogs . One I lost in a ride at Walt Disney World , the second to replace it . I have no idea where Henry got to . But now that I found `` him '' , I will have my friend again . I had this toy from the time I was six years old , almost 40 years ago , and I think I 'll be seeing him again around Christmas time . It 's a sweeet toy and really good for children of * all * ages !
 Just wanted to add my voice to the chorus ... :-RRB- I got this Henry for my little son 4 years ago . Of course , he 's been my son 's night companion ever since . We 've taken him everywhere in our travels -LRB- and we do travel -RRB- . Also sometimes poor Henry has to withstand some rough play during the day ... I am not sure he will hold up for 40 years as the old ones did , but he 's doing fine for now . This is a great toy .
 These blocks are so adorable - my grandson loves these - they will complete his set-they meet my expectations - they are sturdy and love all the different animals inside each block
 The Mom was happy with them and I received photos of the baby playing with them and she was happy , too . They seemed to be an appropriate size for her and the colors and figures were bright and happy . I think that she will enjoy them for some time .
 These are a lot of fun for little ones to learn with . We buy these for all the new grandbabies .
 The Alphabet Peek a Blocks are extremely fun and entertaining . Not only do my kids love them so does my husband and I . They are the neatest thing . I wish I could find the ones that have been discontinued . Each block does something to catch your eye . They are a great cause and effect toy .
 Purchased to go along with the Peek a boo block and although some reviewers mentioned they were disappointed that these add on blocks do n't work when placed on top of the peek a boo block mine work just fine they play a little jingle which satisfies my 10 month old just fine !
 I do love these blocks that I bought for my 13 month old grandson for Christmas but later found out that this particular group of peek a blocks does n't interact with the big cube that my daughter bought for Christmas . It came with its own group of 8 blocks that do interact with the cube but there are other peek a block groups such as the vehicles , jungle animals , farm animals , ABCs . It would have been nice , really rather , e xpected that the ABC blocks especially would have been interactive with the main system and would have announced the name of the letter when that block was affixed onto the activation port , but they do n't . I think there may be music played , but that 's all . Only the 8 blocks that came with the large cube system are programmed into it .
 by grand daughter loves to play with them . I would recommend them for a one to two year old for sure .
 We got these as a gift for our one year old . He loves them ! He tries very hard to get all the little things out of the blocks - and obviously fails . He loves that some of them move , some of them jiggle , some of them make noise - its almost an adventure!The three year old also loves them because they incorporate the alphabet and he can easily identify the items inside
 This product is of high quality for my son . He love it.I recommend this toy to everyone for their excellent design
 My daughters , ages 3 , 2 and 11 months old were given this block set for Christmas and they ALL love it ! My three year old loves to find the different letters she 's learned . My two year old loves to make towers and knock them over . My 11 month old loves them just as much as the other two do ! Each block is different and each is so much fun ! My husband and I love to play with the blocks too ! We have several of the toys that these blocks can go with , so this set is just perfect ! I 'm looking forward to teaching my girls more of their letters using these blocks !
 My little boy received these as a present on his 1st Birthday . I was a bit worried he would find these boring as he is a very picky boy when it comes to toys.To make this short and sweet , he LOVES these so much !!! I ca n't imagine not having them now . He adores when I stack them up for him and he knocks them down . He spends a lot of time just shaking them , studying them and handing them to me so I can look at them . He is very proud of his blocks and sometimes throws them on to the wood floor to get my attention . This said , thy are super durable and after much abuse have lived to tell the tale without cracks or coming apart.He also enjoys using these with other toys and will store them in the container type toys.The little objects inside are very cute and some of them move if you turn the little hole on the bottom . -LRB- My little one has n't learned how to do this yet . -RRB- The birds make a squeak noise when you push in the bottom and the train is my favorite as it goes round & in a tunnel . A lot of thought were put in these and it shows.An all around wonderful toy !
 I pretty much like this toy , but after 9 months I notice that the plastic is starting to yellow , as plastic toys will do but that is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 . That is my only complaint . Other then that my son does enjoy this toy .
 I purchased these for a gift . They are super cute ! I did n't open the package -LRB- they come in a clear plastic zip up type bag and are stacked nicely -RRB- , so I ca n't comment on durability or fun . They look nice though .
 These Alphabet blocks are so beautiful they could be classed as works of art or collectors items . I have purchased two seys as gifts and will probably buy more ,
 I bought these blocks for my daughter 's first Christmas . She was 11 months old them . She turns them over and stacks them and enjoys shaking them but she gets bored too quickly and moves on to something more interactive . I am hoping that in time she will use them as an educational tool . All in all a good buy .
 This is a great educational toy for very young people . We purchased these blocks for our 1-year old granddaughter . They are easy for her to pick up and play with . She enjoys placing them into her Incrediblock and watching all the lights and sounds it makes .
 Highly recommended . My 16mo daughter has these alphabet blocks plus many of the additional peek-a-block sets . She loves to take each block out of the bin , examine it , and get the next one . This can go on for 20 + minutes , which is hours in toddler land . She has enjoyed playing with them since she was about 9 months old . Each block is so unique and interactive that the set easily captures her interest . We also have the IncrediBlock and other compatible Fisher Price toys . Like any other blocks , they 're great for stacking and knocking down . We recently had several parents of similarly aged kids visit our house and they all thought this was a great toy . I love playing with them , too !
 These are clever , cute , colorful , and fun for even mom and dad . He plays with them every day , each one with a different shape , sounds , activity ... They were the perfect size for 6-9 mos hands as he learned to grasp , and as he 's gotten older , he 's more captivated by what 's inside or what they do . We just bought more for his first birthday to add to the alphabet set , and I expect that we 'll collect additional sets in the next year via auction sites . Just a super buy that I 'm glad that we found for our son .
 We got these after seeing the Incrediblocks in the FP Catalog.There are little to no pizazz to the blocks . Some have features where you can `` spin '' them -LRB- like the letter Q - Queen -RRB- or the W -LRB- watermelon seeds that rattle -RRB- - but most are just a `` look at me '' type of a block.With that in mind - yes I like the product . They 're blocks . They 're meant for stacking , knocking over and banging - which my son loves -LRB- he 's had these since he was 6 months -RRB- . They 're better than the plain wooden blocks because they 're textured , they have objects inside , letters - lots of opportunities to learn letters , colors , objects , descriptions , etc.For now he 's stacking , banging and knocking over . It 'll be around for a while until he 's ready to learn more words , colors , objects , animals . This review is n't profound or eye openings because again - they 're just blocks . Keep that in mind when making your purchasing decision . It will not make your child an overnight rocket scientist = -RRB-
 I teacher Kindergarten ; and recently purchased this for my Kindergarten classroom . I have small group literacy activities for my kiddos to do in the morning , after they are finished -LRB- some may finish early -RRB- , they have a variety of literacy and alphabet based independent activities they may choose . These blocks are a `` special '' privilege for those students who work hard during small group . These blocks are a favorite activity for my students ! They can practice the beginning sounds of words and practice letter recognition . I highly recommend these for children 4-6 as well as babies and toddlers ! I like the Ice Cream block , which has `` sprinkles '' to shake !
 I love these blocks . My daughter , however , doesnt seem to like them too much . I figure its because she is still too young . I have to say that the price seems a little extreme on this web-site . I purchased my set at either K-mart or Wal-mart for around 24.99 . That was in late 2005 .
 These blocks have been great fun for my 9 month old . The inside images are visible and some move insode the block . They 're made of a durable plastic and my son happily eats them without any safety risk . Good buy for the quality .
 My 9 month old granddaughter loved the Peek A Boo Alphabet Blocks , they have become one of her favorite toys now .
 Although I felt it looked a bit chinsy , the mother had it on her wish list and was very happy to receive them .
 My kids loved these blocks . They were great for getting them to learn words and letters , but also fun for stacking and &#34; building . &#34; I would recommend these for babies and toddlers .
 Each block contains a different cute little things inside which represent a different alphabet . So cute , so much fun for the babies !
 This is a great toy that I highly recommend . They are durable , keep little ones ' interest , are fun and educational . They are interactive inside and so cute . My kids play with these so much even being different ages , so I know they will enjoy many years of use .
 I got these after seeing a friend bought them for her 2 year old . My 9 month old enjoys shaking the ones with little pieces inside -LRB- like the u for umbrella has little white pellets representing rain -RRB- . I love all the thought and detail that went into each block . My friend with the older child says she loves them because you can really talk about each block with your child , instead of a regular one dimensional block . Those conversations are huge for language development , teaching colors , aninimals , a whole variety of new words , etc. . Buy them ! They also make a fantastic unique gift for a friends child . Very well put togethe/durable . I admit , I even enjoy looking at each one to see what the designers came up with .
 11 month old daughter loved these blocks since the moment we opened them . A great interactive toy that will be used for a few years . A great buy !
 My 15 month old has n't gotten her hands on these yet -LRB- saving for Christmas -RRB- but her little friend has a set , and I 've been told that they stand up to a LOT of abuse . Our set was sent on time , but I noticed that some of the little toys inside the blocks seem a little dirty . IDK how this could be , since the blocks are sealed so that little ones ca n't get into the small pieces inside . Guess I 'll update this review after my little one gets her hands on these.Update , 8/5/12
 I love the Peek-a-blocks sets that are out there and I was excited to see the alphabet set available . Every child should have a set of alphabet blocks and these are so much more fun than the basic wood ones . A few people have said that the letter obstructs what is inside , but I do n't really agree . While they do have the letter on the one side , you get three other sides to view the inside object just fine . And is n't the point of the alphabet block the letter anyway ? It is nice that it comes in a reusable case with a handle too . Just make sure and do your research before you bought . I did some digging around online and got this set for only $ 25 !
 My daughter loves her blocks . She will get them all out and look at each one until she finds her favorite . She likes to shake them and see what each one does . These are cute little blocks that have hours of imaginative playtime inside . They also have blunt corners , so no sharp edges like wood blocks for the safety of smaller children . The fact that they have the letters of the alphabet and a corresponding object inside makes them a great learning tool even for older tots . We have really enjoyed these and recommend them to our friends .
 When I was in my early teen years , my mom had a set of these for a couple of the kids she babysat . I liked to even then play with these blocks with the kids because they were so interactive and had lots of variety . Now that I 'm a dad , I decided that our little 8 month old should have a set to play with . His eyes lit up when seeing them and really loves is when daddy builds them into a tower that he can come an knock down . I 'm sure that they are going to be used for years and years to come.They are super durable . The plastic is hard and the pieces are fit together so well that I doubt that they will every come apart without a significant amount of effort by an adult . They are a bit pricey but I feel that they are worth the investment as they will be toys I expect my grandkids to be able to play with someday .
 These blocks are not only educational , but they are fun . Lots of great figures inside that move in various ways . You can shake them , twist the bottom of some of them , push some of them in ... all kinds of ways to interact with the blocks . Worth the money .
 Love These ! However , do not buy these with the big block activity center , they do n't work ! A bit dissapointing . But the blocks are really cute and I do like them a lot !
 I bought these blocks for my daughter as a birthday gift and when I received them in the mail there were two `` V '' blocks and the `` T '' block was missing . These blocks are so cool , but you might want to make sure the alphabet is correct before wrapping it up as a gift for a child . However , they are the neatest blocks I 've ever seen , so it was definitely worth sending them back for a different one .
 My daughter received these for her 1st birthday and were a big hit as soon as we took them out of the bag . Right now she just likes the noise they make as well as the size of the blocks . I have a feeling they will be a favorite as she can start to recognize the shapes in the blocks and use them to spell words as she gets older.Great gift for a toddler !
 THIS TOY WAS OUR GRANDSON 'S FAVORITE , SO I JUST HAD TO FIND IT AGAIN FOR OUR NEWEST GRANDCHILD . THANK GOODNESS FOR ONLINE SHOPPING .
 This is a great toy that will be used in many different ways as a child matures . As an elementary teacher for 36 years and a grandmother I consider this toy a must have item . Your price was very reasonable.Sue Olson
 My little boy is just getting interested in these blocks . They are too cute ! He 's learning to manipulate the block in his hands . The little things inside the blocks are adorable . Some spin , some twirl , some rock . A definate upgrade from the standard wooden blocks .
 I purchased Peek-A-Blocks for both my 1-year old niece and my 8-month old nephew . The nephew lives across the country , so I ca n't evaluate his opinion of the product . However , my 1-year old niece just loves these blocks . Her 5-year old sister loves them too . The younger niece can easily grab hold of the blocks , and she loves the bright colors . The older niece loves to stack them.The blocks are much more interactive than I first thought they would be . Sure , some of the blocks have loose plastic balls within , and some items are mounted on bouncy springs . However , it 's not obvious from the packaging that many other blocks have rotating bases , which allow items within to move around . For example , one block has a train that rotates in and out of a mountain tunnel . There are other nice touches . For example , tapping the fish block causes the fish within to appear as though they are swimming.Lastly , I want to point out an initial hesitation I had about buying these blocks -- a hesitation which turned out to be of no real concern . Years ago , I bought a set of 6 peek-a-blocks for a friend 's son . At that time , the blocks were sold in themed sets of 6 blocks -LRB- sports , machines , etc -RRB- . More recently , Fisher Price did away with the smaller sets , replacing them with one large set of 26 blocks , each with a printed alphabet letter on one side . -LRB- C = car , D = duck , H = horse , etc. -RRB- Anyway , I initially hesitated buying the newer set of Alphabet Peek-A-Blocks , because I thought the alphabet letters would obstruct a child 's ability to see the content of the block . However , as I have already mentioned , many blocks allow the contents to be rotated , such that the printed letter no longer blocks a child 's view of the content within.In concluding , I am very pleased with the purchase . The kids are too .
 My husband and I bought these blocks as extras for the Incrediblock we 'd purchased for our then nine-month-old son . While my son was n't -LRB- and still is n't -RRB- wowed by the Incrediblock -LRB- you can see my review on that page -RRB- , he does enjoy playing with the Alphabet Blocks.I like the fact that each block has a big capital letter , and inside , something that starts with that letter ; for example , the `` D '' block has a dog . We 'll be able to use these blocks for a long time because of that ; I can imagine spending time with my son and teaching him that `` C '' is for cat -- and he 'll be able to see both to make that association.My son , on the other hand , could n't care less at this point about the letters of the alphabet -LRB- he 'll soon be one year old -RRB- , but he does enjoy stacking and knocking over the blocks , banging them together , and especially shaking the ones that make noise . One of his favorites is the `` I '' block , which has an ice cream sundae inside with lots of sprinkles that rattle merrily when he shakes it.All in all , this is a good , affordable , durable , educational and fun set of blocks . My family continues to be very pleased with them .
 I really love all the Fisher Price Peek a Blocks -- I saw them long before I knew we 'd have a surprise # 3 baby and I would actually have an excuse to buy them ! Now we own pretty much all the sets . I would have to say this set , although big , is one of the weaker ones . The letters on the sides sometimes block seeing what 's inside too well , and the toys inside are not as interactive or interesting as is the case with some of these blocks -- for example , a horse that just sits there , a zylophone that does n't move much , an apple that turns . I like their blocks with tiny things to shake inside or the like -- the kind of things babies ca n't generally play with as they are too small , but that are made safe by being enclosed ! Also , having ABCs is most just a way to have a set here I think -- unless you are very into early learning , I do n't think most babies are really ready to associate the letters with the toys inside -LRB- I know SOME babies are , but not that many , and not mine ! -RRB- However , all this said , I still would say to buy this set , if you know you like this kind of block -- It 's great to add 26 more in one fell swoop !
 After `` eyeing '' this toy for several months and being hesitant to buy it because of the cost , we finally broke bown and purchased it when our daughter was 15 months old . We 're very glad we did!Our daughter loves shaking the blocks , banging them together and knocking over the blocks after we stack them up for her . She really likes putting them all into a plastic bin and then taking them all out again ! The letter written on each block is meaningless to her right now , but that time will come.We plan to keep these blocks for a few years . As our daughter approaches school age , the blocks will be a great tool to help teach and reinforce letter-sound association . We believe she may never be too old to benefit from her Peek-A-Boo blocks . We know we 're not!Consider donating your set to a local library or school when you 're done with them .
 This set incorporates a lot of the favorites from other sets packaged in an A to Z learning format . I have been leary of purchasing too many of these blocks for storage reasons so the zippered case is a great bonus . Definitely worth every penny .
 These are great blocks but they are definitely not worth the listed $ 79.99 . They can be purchsed for about $ 20 many other places .
 This is a great set of blocks . I researched different blocks for some time and found these to be the most durable , age and developmentally-appropriate , and highly-educational . $ 25 bucks may seem like a lot , but I think it is well worth it . I am very impressed with the quality.The size and shape of the blocks is just right . My son is 5-months old and he is able to hold the blocks perfectly in his little hands . PLUS , the blocks do not have sharp corners -LRB- like the wooden blocks also available on this site -RRB- that could hurt your little one -LRB- especially those of you with chewers ! -RRB- . One category that I rated this toy with only a 4 -LRB- instead of 5 -RRB- is the `` fun '' factor . For younger babies that may not `` get it '' yet , this toy may not be as fun for them until they are a little bit older . My son is not yet able to fully comprehend that there are even toys inside the blocks , but then again he is only 5 months . Give him a couple of months and he 'll really dig them !
 This is my first experience with peek-a-boo blocks . I bought this set for my nephew for his 1st birthday and he 's absolutely nuts about them . He does all the obvious baby stuff like grasping and chewing and scattering them but he also closely examines what is inside - I can almost see the neurons firing in his little brain . Of course the letters are meaningless right now and yes they might somewhat obstruct the view to the little thing inside but so what ? He eventually learns different levels of focus ; layers of education.Pricey ? Well , that depends . My 3-year old niece loves the blocks just as much and they have deeper meaning for her because she knows all the letters to the alphabet and that the little thing inside the block starts with the letter that 's printed on it . Like I said , layers of education . Well worth $ 25 in my opinion.Oh how I wish I would have known about this type of product when my kids were babies . My son would have loved them . The only reason I rated it as a 4-star as opposed to a 5 is that I am unaware of the availability of other peek-a-boo products . I can not rate it as `` best '' when I have nothing to compare it to . Highly recommended
 I love peek a blocks , they 're great . So I was so excited when I got these as a gift . The only problem with them is that the letters sometimes block what 's inside -LRB- taking away the whole point of `` peek a blocks '' -RRB- . Still , I think they are a great add on to any collection .
 I purchased these for a Halloween party , and then ... like a dummy , I forgot to put them up ! Nevertheless , I did hold them up around the house in search of a good place to hang them . They 're pretty big and look really cool . I 'd say there 's a little bit of educational value too , as you can teach your children about the actual pictures they 're depicting . Even though I forgot to hang them up , I really liked these scene setters and I 'll be using them next year !
 My son is 4 years old and if your child likes Bob the Builder , he will definately enjoy this leap pad book . It teaches a little bit of everything and he enjoys the book from front to back . It is definately one of the better leap pad books .
 My son is 4 and he loves this Bob book . He prefers it to his Bob videos since he is playing with the characters as he reads the book . It 's wonderful that Leap Frog makes books that go beyond teaching ABC 's for kids because there are so many important things they need to learn , and this book has loads of them -LRB- bigger vocabulary , comprehension , numbers , shapes to name a few -RRB- . As a former teacher , I highly recommend this book for the entertainment AND education .
 My son received his leap pad last Christmas . He discovered Bob the Builder this summer . Put the two together and you have the happiest 2 1/2 year old around . He loves the games , especially the musical ones , and has really learned his shapes and sharpened his thinking skills because of this book . I would highly recommend it to anyone . Do n't think that your child is too young for these products . Even if you have to hold the pen for them , they are fascinated by the bright books and music . My son has defintely benefited from these products .
 This is a great leap pad book . My 4 yr old son loved it instantly . The familiar characters from the Bob the Builder show make this book lots more fun than the ones featuring the Frog . I especially liked the fact that this book helps to teach that teasing is not a nice thing to do . There are at least 2 games on every page and it has the music from the show also . It is definitely worth the price and I hope they make more Bob the Builder books for the Leap Pad .
 This is a great book if you have Bob fans in the house . The only concern that we had with it is that it does teach insecurity through Lofty . Saying things like , `` I 'm not any good for anything , '' really does n't do much for the self esteem in a child . As a teacher , my husband was quite concerned about comments such as those stressed by Lofty throughout the book . We also did n't like hearing Spud saying , `` nay , nay nay nay nay '' - not something you want to hear repeated by a three-year-old . Anyway , my son loves this book and plays with it throughout the day , almost daily . I just wish I could edit out those things that are insecurities and it would be a great book . Whenever Lofty says that he ca n't do something , my son says , `` yes you can ! '' So , keep that in mind before buying the book . You 're going to have to explain a few things as the story goes along . They really need to make more of these books with characters such as Bob . They 're a bunch of fun and the music/voices are the same as the show .
 Getting boys especially to enjoy reading can be difficult ! This is a great early start to getting a little one to begin reading ! My Gransdsons and I had fun with it ! : -RRB-
 I went on a puzzle shopping spree-researching all the age appropriate puzzles for my 14 month old . I purchased 6 puzzles during this time and I have to say this is the BEST quality ! I wish I could use animated text or an emoticon that 's jumping around ! I was not expecting this quality-the detail of the pictures , the quality of the printing method , the quality of the wood and the quality of the jigsaw cutting . Melissa & Doug did n't even have this quality AT ALL ! THAT puzzle even has shards of wood sticking out I 'm afraid of my son getting splinters ! I am positive this puzzle will out last all the rest . The other puzzles are already showing wear on the pictures at the edges of the pieces-it 's only been a few months ! Also , the peices are thick enough that my son can stand them up-multi use toy :-RRB- I love it : -RRB-
 Its a well built puzzle . Its easy for my 1 year old to pluck up the pieces using the red knobs . Its a little more challenging for him to fit the pieces in precisely , though.I think it would be neater if the picture under the puzzle piece were slightly different , or if the puzzle over all was a large picture instead of just several modes of transportation that are not in scale with each other .
 My baby still loves this after about 6 months -LRB- she 's almost 1 -RRB- , but she does seem to have to be `` in the mood '' to play with it . She 'll either pass it over completely or sit and play with it for 10-15 minutes . At first she would only use her feet and kick it until the animals popped out , but now I think she gets it and she still thinks the animals are very funny . I like it because you do n't have to put it back together or gather parts from all over the floor - it 's all one piece and you can just pick it up and put it away . Update
 This has been one of my son 's favorite toys if not his favorite for about 5 mos now . When I bought this for him he didnt know how to pop up the bobble heads but that didnt matter to him because once I showed him how to open it he was fascinated with those little heads . He quickly mastered closing each one.The music suprisingly is also activated when you hit the bobble head as well as hitting the knobs/buttons so he could still enjoy it even if he was still learning to open it.Out of all the money spent on toys this 14.99 toy has surpassed my expectations and is still being played with every day , several times a day .
 My ten month old twins love this toy ! When they first got it three months ago they were a little scared of it because when the animals pop up it 's a little loud , but I think that 's the case with all the jack-in-the-box type toys . They love the animals and I 've enjoyed watching them pull and push and twist all the handles to try to make the animals appear ! Highly recommend .
 My one-year-old has played with this toy for several months . He disregards the keys and pulls up on the lids themselves . Not quite what I expected . He 's had more fun pulling the lids up and pushing them down again , and only accidentally happens upon the moving keys and the noises they make . The sounds alternate between giggles with music background and animal noises , also not quite what I expected . But it 's noise I can deal with . The volume can be adjusted or turned off -LRB- through I myself ca n't distinguish between `` soft '' and `` loud '' on this thing -RRB- . My son enjoys the toy , but it may be of limited or intermittent interest .
 My 11 month old son received this for Christmas and he loves it . He loves to watch the animals pop up and make noises . It 's fun to watch his face light up and hear him squeel with delight when he hits one of the buttons and the animal pops up .
 This is a great toy for teaching little ones cause and effect . We got it for my son at 6 months and he 's loved it since the very beginning . He figured out two of the buttons right away and was able to trigger them himself , unlike similar toys from other companies which are much harder to trigger . He was so excited to see the animals pop up and hear the music when he pushed the little lever or pulled the little ring . Now , at 16 months , he still plays with it sometimes , and know the animals and their sounds . Overall it 's a great toy that will last your child a long time .
 This toy is very good because it helps kids learn sounds of the animals . My daughter likes to make the animals pop up and then enjoys putting them back down again , She laughs each time they pop up and make a sound . It is overall a great buy and not too loud , like some of the toys they have around .
 This is a nice little set , and unlike many of the other ones , the item pictured was the item recieved . I thuroughly enjoy the item myself , my only complaint would be the size of the checkers , which seeing as its a miniature board , isnt really a fault with the product . Otherwise , the quality isnt excellent , but fair for the price , and I expect it to last a while as long as I dont abuse the heck out of it . I would recommend this to someone I know as a good purchase .
 we did n't even use the magnetic feature but glad it had that option . Compact , easy to take -LRB- about size of Ipad but thicker -RRB- . Would recommend for the avid backgammon enthusiasts like us who can not bear to go too long without playing !
 We got this for our 8 year old niece for christmas and it was a hit . Quality seems just right for the price . The fact that it 's magnetic is great for the kids or for traveling . No complaints .
 My high school French teacher had this doll in her class room . It 's so much fun that my teacher has had to hide it from students . All in all it 's just great fun to have around .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for a friend of mine , but I got a couple minutes to play with it a bit myself . It 's great - her head actually pops off . Apparently , when you have her wig on , the head just kinda falls off when you press the button , but if you take her wig off , the head launches a couple inches.Great fun , wonderful toy .
 This toy was an unusual Christmas surprise , and a good one , too . It has removable parts , such as her dress and wig . When you remove her fancy dress , under it is the peasant 's dress she wore to be beheaded in . Under her wig is short , strawberry-blonde hair . The best part is that when you press the button on her back her head shoots off ! Some other features include moving legs and arms . It is historically correct due to the fact she actually did get her head chopped off . This is a fun toy and a great novelty item !
 Marie Antoinette is my daughter 's favorite female historical figure . She was very smart , but not when it came to spending . She was a child bride from Austria who , as custom dictated , had to leave all her possessions at the border - including her beloved little doggie .
 These are hilarious and people always laugh out loud . Great adult gift and great kid history lesson ! I 've reordered these a couple of times ...
 Especially history buffs will appreciate this wonderful doll who got involved with &#34; the body politique ' &#34; and was a little over her head . Circumstances soon rectified that problem . Does not come with carrying basket ... darn .
 You 've read the books , you 've seen the movie , you coveted the necklace ... Now what?Well , of course , Marie must come to live with you so that you can eat that cake together!Prepare to lose your head over lovely Marie !
 I ordered this puzzle for my 2 year old grandaughter . She loved it!It was very colorful and she could easily remove the pieces of the puzzle because of the little pegs on each piece . She recognized the different pictures , and likes things that are familiar to her . I like the variety of pictures , compared to all animals , or all trucks , etc. . The puzzle board is very sturdy , and should endure for many years.The shipping was prompt , also . All in all , it was a perfect gift for her .
 We got this for my son when he was 16 months old . He is now 24 months old , and he has long outgrown it . However , it was played with multiple times every day for several months and is still in great shape . He really liked this puzzle , but he LOVED the transportation theme puzzle from the same company . We used it to work on vocabulary , hand-eye coordination , and print recognition - I printed the name of the object on the back of each piece and sometimes we looked at them that way . This puzzle is MUCH better than any Melissa and Doug puzzle we own .
 My son absolutely loves this puzzle . The colors on the pieces are bright , vibrant and appealing . We love that it has 15 pieces since it keeps him engaged a little longer than most puzzles .
 ____ PLAY and AGE RANGE : _____ We got this for an eighteen month old , and it 's a big hit . The manufacturer calls it a playboard , instead of a puzzle , which seems right to me . Unlike a typical puzzle , it 's not a big picture of something that you assemble or an overarching scene with pieces to take out and put back . Instead , the picture on each piece is identical to the picture behind the piece , so it becomes more of a game of matching up pictures than of figuring out how to put together a whole.I like that playing with the playboard seems to exercise three different skills for our toddler . First , she knows the words for most of the pictured objects , and she likes to name them as she picks up the puzzle pieces . Then , she matches the picture on the piece with the picture on the board . Finally , she has to use some fine motor skills to maneuver each piece into the right orientation and fit it into its place . That makes it sound very boring and educational , but it amounts to a cute toddler picking up a puzzle piece , announcing `` crayons !!! '' , then furrowing her brow as she hunts around for the right place to put them . It gets a lot of attention , especially since our girl is very much the personality to sit still and noodle around with something . _____ QUALITY and MANUFACTURE : _____ The toy is made in China . I can not find basic knob puzzles for a toddler that are manufactured anywhere else.Unlike the leading puzzle brand , this is made entirely of plywood , not of particle board or MDF . Many people have concerns about the glues and chemicals used to make MDF , and I have also found that it does not hold up AT ALL . MDF puzzles chip , break , and melt when they get damp . This is a much better material in the same price range.The colors are excellent and the paints are bright and clear . The pieces are mostly well sanded , but there are some rough patches in the crannies and small bends of the more complicated puzzle pieces . The knobs on the puzzle pieces are made of plastic and are quite small compared to the ones I am most familiar with . -LRB- The three piece knob puzzles from EducoFriendly Pets Knob Puzzleand the Melissa and Doug jumbo knob puzzlesMelissa & Doug Large Shapes Jumbo Puzzle . -RRB- The whole for the plastic knob goes all the way through the puzzle pieces . They seem very firmly attached . I ca n't find any glue smears.Overall , I would say that this is really excellent quality for the price while also being educational and a lot of fun for a young toddler . I 'm glad we bought it , and I am optimistic about its chances of lasting for future kids and grandkids .
 I bought this for my 18 month old daughter . She plays with it almost everyday day . She prefers this one over another one that she has with basic shapes .
 We bought it for church and are happy we did . It keeps little kids quite for a bit . Good quality . Nice color .
 I bought this exact puzzle 14 years ago to use for work . I just replaced it with this one . Still a great value and no other gadgets .
 This is a good puzzle-but you have to put the pieces in correctly or they do n't fit well . I work with kids who have autism and this frustrates them sometimes . Otherwise , it is very durable and I use it a lot .
 This is a great kid 's desk . After 3 years of heavy use , the desk continues to work great and has retained it 's durability . It 's the the perfect size for kids ages 4-9 years old to do their homework or other projects . The built in hutch is fantastic for organizing papers , homework , workbooks , etc. . It is easy to assemble and the honey color looks great . It is neutral enough to work with any color scheme . Although it may seem on the pricey side for a kids desk , if you do any comparison shopping , you will find that is well worth the money . The quality and durability is well worth it .
 This desk is perfect for my ten year old daughter . We both love it ! It 's pretty and functional , an additional drawer would have been nice but I love how it looks and how easy it was to put together . It took no time at all to set it up ~ I do think however that the price tag is a litte too steep ! It does n't need to be so expensive !
 Impressive quality . Solid wood , really nicely evenly stained wood , with excellent layout , clear instructions , and very nicely packaged parts for assembly . A beautiful set . My daughter -LRB- almost 6yrs old -RRB- is going to be amazed when she sees it in the place where her old/antiquated art table used to be.Another selling point is the customer service at KidKraft . I noted that the overall quality and finish was really great , except for one piece of the front of the hutch , which was pretty good , but had an imperfection that was filled in with well-colormatched , well-sanded wood filler . My daughter would not have noticed it , but it bothered me . I decided to call customer service , an 800 number , to see if they 'd have any opinion on it . I figured they 'd explain that wood is wood , is never perfect , that kind of thing is within tolerances , et cetera ... but , before I even finished describing the issue , the very kind rep -LRB- a live person who answered on the first ring - wow ! -RRB- was asking me for my shipping address , apologizing , and stating they 'd get a perfect piece out to me right away . She told me to go ahead and assemble the pieces that I had , then when the new piece comes , just swap it in , without even dealing with sending back to them the imperfect piece . Just like that . Done . Instead of me apologizing and pleading my case , SHE was apologizing and stated that she would personally make sure that I 'd be satisfied.Amazing .
 This item arrived well packed and undamaged . It looks exactly like the picture , was fairly easy to assemble and is sturdy and well made . Of course , it is an `` assembly required '' piece of furniture , but once put together , it looks like a really nice quality piece . My daughter loves it . It is sized for a child , and is too small for an adult . I think she 'll be able to use it through age 11 or 12 . It also has a convenient hole in the back of the hutch for her computer wire to poke through . I looked at this item EVERYWHERE including eBay , and Amazon was the cheapest of all . The chair comes included , so do n't buy an extra chair separately !
 What a great desk for my six year old Granddaughter !!! Shipping was fast and the packing material was great . The box had some minor damage but the Desk was perfect . I was very impressed at how easy it went together and how well everything fit together . I will buy KidKraft again and of course through Amazon ... . Thanks !
 We bought this for our tall seven-year old and it is an excellent fit . It was not difficult to assemble and it is very sturdy and the finish is solid - it wo n't peel off with an accidental piece of tape or scratch . We have a similar set that is in espresso and love it . The kids spill stuff on it and stick things to it and it is still in good condition . This is a big sturdy desk and we highly recommend it .
 I purchased this desk for my daughter for Christmas . It was easy to put together and looks great . It is a wonderful first desk that is very stable and well made . The materials even say that it is hand painted . Overall , I love it and my daughter was thrilled .
 Love this desk , have two of them , one for each daughter . Great quality and design . Will last for many years !
 I got this for my 4-1/2 year old and it fits him perfect . VERY STURDY , ca n't beat it ! My husband assembled this in a small amount time .
 Easy to assemble ; exactly what we expected ; we consider the desk very safe due to the rounded edges and design . The desk and chair are also very sturdy . This is a desk with 1950s quality -LRB- i.e. made to last -RRB- . We are really happy with the desk . The top left desk divider was per-assembled incorrectly and we had t fix this but overall we have no major complaints .
 I bought this desk for my 7 years old boy . He is almost 4 ' 6 '' tall and it fits well . We both like desk and hutch . The chair can be little narrower , so it tips over easily . Otherwise , it ' easy to assemle and pretty good wuality .
 This is the best kids ' desk you will find for the money . I can almost guarantee that ! It comes well packaged and requires very little assembly . The wood is solid , not the cheap particle board you find in most big box stores .
 This desk is really pretty . It is a good size , but not overly big in the room . I learned from other reviews that the chair is included with this desk purchase , and not to order the chair separately . I also ordered the matching 3-shelf bookcase , which is a slightly different shade of white , but nothing too noticeable -- especially since they are n't by each other . We rubbed beeswax on the bottom of the drawer so it slides more easily . I would recommend this to anyone who does n't want to spend a fortune , but still wants something that looks nice .
 We bought this desk for my seven year old daughter to keep her lap top on and to do homework . It was not to disappoint . The desk is perfect size for her to sit and work . Very high quality and easy to put together . I would highly recommend this product to others ?
 I love this desk ! In fact , I have two ! One for my daughter and one for my son . They are beautiful , flawless and go together easily . They are sturdy and should last a many years . So happy with this purchase !
 It is not often that we find an affordable piece of furniture that is well crafted . This one , however , fits the bill . It is sturdy from top to bottom . It is beautiful , classic and simple . My daughter has spent countless hours at this lovely little desk , drawing , writing , reading and playing . I highly recommend it .
 Bought this for my 8 year old daughter . It 's the perfect size , it 's sturdy and she loves the little shelves .
 Bought this desk `` and chair '' at Amazon . Quick delivery , great product . My granddaughter loves it ! The desk and chair are the perfect size for a 7 year old .
 I searched hi and low for a desk that would work in my son 's small room -- I wanted a desk made of wood and available in honey finish to match his other furniture with a small hutch -LRB- as a large hutch would n't work -RRB- ... and at a reasonable price . The Kidcraft Avalon Desk is perfect ! I took off one star because I did n't realize how short it was - ok for my 9 yr old son now , but as he grows up I 'm afraid he will outgrow the desk . It would be great if Kidcraft offered taller replacement legs so that the desk could be raised higher as your child grows . I feel the desk is sturdy enough to go off with my child to college if were not for the short height ! Dear Kidcraft ... please make taller replacement legs so that the desk can be `` normal '' desk height for later years , making is a `` Teen `` kraft desk ;--RRB- . Thanks .
 This desk and chair combo is the best value out there . It was easy to put together and looks great . We bought two , one for each of our girls . It is a great size , for our 3 and 5 year old and I believe will fit them well for many more years . My wife just started homeschooling our 5 year old and the desk works great . Very stable , you 'll love it . We have no complaints at all . Some of the information as far as heights go is a little confusing in the description . The top of the desk is just shy of 24 '' and the top of the hutch is just shy of 30 '' . As far as the chair goes , the seat itself is about 14 '' , so it is all sized quite well for your little ones . They do n't have to sit on thier knees to work at their desk . You ca n't go wrong with this one . And you will not find a better bargian . We did find the desk online with some cheaper shipping options , but they were all sold out .
 I love this desk . We bought it for our 7 year old daughter and it fits her perfectly . I did think it was going to be a bit taller but it will fit her for a few years . Assembly was easy . The desk does come with chair in the same box so do n't order the `` better together '' combo because you will then have two chairs and they will charge you to return it . I searched high and low and this is the best deal .
 This desk is definitely worth the money . My daughter wanted a white desk with a hutch and had picked out many over -LSB- ... -RSB- not including the chair . I ordered this one without her knowing and at first she was upset because the hutch is not that big . But once it was assembled she loves it . She is 8 and loves the little cubbies in the hutch . Everything is packaged nicely and there was not one scratch or ding or funny smells . The hardware had everything you needed -LRB- no extras -RRB- in separate baggies for the chair and desk . I put it together myself in about 1 hour . We did replace the knob with a blue glass knob from the hardware store just to make it a little more unique I guess and it looks great . With free supersaver shipping and no sales tax , there is no better buy out there . Trust me , I have looked !
 Bought one for each daughter , ages 5 & 7 . Perfect for them and will be for several years . Easy to put together , good instructions for assembly . Good value for the money , decent furniture for the price and the purpose . Had an issue with one hutch , damaged in transit . Company replaced 100 % , no hassles . High marks for entire process . Would recommend - and have done so already !
 this is a great looking desk . very strong , and my husband put it together all by himself . Now that takes great instructions too .
 I have been looking for a desk for my 6 year old grandson -LRB- Christmas gift -RRB- . After checking retail stores and finding nothing but THIN particle board covered with imitation wood shelving paper I stumbled onto this desk . The desk & chair -LRB- they come as a package -RRB- arrived in a slightly beat up box . However , good packaging by the manufacturer resulted in no nicks or breaks ... THANK YOU!Assembly was straight forward with very good pictures . The only problem was a stripped dowel cam to secure the top storage bin . After a little DIY all turned out well . Note
 After searching high and low for good desks for my children , I am pleased to report a great finding ... the Kidcraft Large Avalon Desk - Honey . Not only is the price perfect , but the quality is perfect as well , -LRB- two were purchased -RRB- . Easy to assemble , -LRB- tools included -RRB- ; desk and chair are sturdy enough for an adult to use , -LRB- if your children let you -RRB- . May even consider sending the this furniture to college with my children to save a few bucks ... -RRB- . Happy studying !!!!
 I was like you , going through as many reviews as I could , before I decided to buy the Kidcraft Large Avalon Desk . And believe me , you wo n't be disappointed ! I bought this desk and chair for my six year old son and he has been happy with it ever since . It is sturdy , well built and has safely rounded corners . The hutch comes with little cubby holes that holds notepads , diaries and other curios . I like this smaller hutch compared to the bigger one in another desk , as we have this desk against a window and the hutch is perfect in not blocking off the light . The desk has a smooth and polished finish , making it easy to wipe away the stray crayon/paint effects.The reasons for the 4 star rating instead of 5 : -1 . One of the joints at the underside of the desk -LRB- where it meets the leg -RRB- was a little loose . Not really wobbly but not as tight as the other ones . Maybe a better quality check could have fixed this .2 . The product is advertised as Kidkraft Large Avalon Desk , although it comes with the chair too . I was confused at first whether the chair shown was just for matching effects or whether it actually had the chair included . I also came to know that some people ordered a second chair without knowing that the pack already had one ! It would be great if they explicitly advertised as Kidkraft Large Avalon Desk with Chair!Overall , a great product , well worth the money .
 Recently purchased these desks for my 10 yr . old son and 8 yr . old daughter . When assembled they were exactly as pictured in the ads . They are great quality pieces of furniture ; very attractive looking ; fit great in my kids ' bedrooms ; and they love them . I think they will be great as my kids get older too , whether they want to just use it as a writing desk , or to put a laptop or computer screen and keyboard on them . Highly recommend these desks , and at a great price . We shopped for desks at a furniture store , but they were outrageously priced , so we searched online and found these , and basically purchased two desks for what we would 've paid for one at a furniture store .
 I was very pleased with this desk and chair - Was able to assemble it fairly easy and now my daughter is enjoying it very much - The desk is quite sturdy and the chair is strong - The delivery of my product was expedited quickly - Thank you very much
 Love this desk and chair set . Bought it for my KG ` er who is enjoying using it for his arts and crafts projects as well as for homework . It is good quality , took less than an hour to put together and definitely sturdy material - this coming from a mom of a very rambunctious 5yr old . The only thing is that I can see my kid growing out of it in 2 or 3 yrs . It 's not very high and the chair is small , so is more catered to younger kids , i would say probably 8yrs and younger .
 I was eye hawking this desk combo online for weeks . Shame I did n't buy it the first time I saw it on Amazon , because when I did finally buy , the price had increased ! Still , it was a great buy . Obviously , the desk is smaller than an adult desk . It is really for younger children , 8 and under . The assembly was reasonable , but it did have a lot of parts and pieces . My honey color looked darker than the photo on Amazon , but this desk combo is lighter than the companion toy chest by the same manufacturer in the same honey finish . The packaging was pretty good considering the multiple pieces for this shipment . I did have a scratch on the desk portion . The packaging was too big and cumbersome to return , so I did n't bother .
 I bought this desk for my 6year old son so he could do his homework in his room instead of being distracted at the kitchen table . It is a good size and fit into his room well . It arrived in perfect condition on time , and the assembly instructions were excellent . I put it together by myself in under an hour . We did change the knob -LRB- the knob it came with was a simple wooden knob . Not horrible , but for a couple of dollars at the hardware store you can get a beautiful knob . -RRB- I have sat in the chair on many occasions and it is very sturdy even for adults . I highly reccommend this desk and chair set . You can not find a better quality desk AND chair for this price !
 As sturdy as it looks . Perfect for making a study area at home . My 5 and 7 year olds will have years of use out of it -- I 'm 5 ' 8 '' and 250 pounds and can sit at the desk comfortably -LRB- We have their mini fish tanks on the top shelf and I usually sit at the desks when we watch the fish during feedings -RRB- I purchased a second one after I saw how good the first one was.The kids actually look forward to doing their school work as they have a dedicated area and their own desks to work at.I only wish I had purchased this earlier !
 We wanted a desk to place a computer on for our 5-year-old . Yes , 5-year-olds use computers nowadays ! this was perfect for her , matched her room furniture and though it required some assembly , it went together very well . Probably would be too small in about 5 more years , but for now , it 's perfect and well priced .
 We bought this desk for our 4 year old grandson . It is very sturdy and a great addition to his room . It is a perfest size for him to grow with . He will be able to get many years of use from this desk . His parents are very happy with the purchase .
 I purchased this desk for my 7-year old grandson and , while it was n't the most exciting Christmas present he received , it was probably one of the most practical -LRB- which is why I gave it a low score on `` fun '' -RRB- . It 's a very nice piece of furniture and appears to be very sturdy . He loves having all his `` stuff '' for school in one place and is now able to do his homework in the peace and quiet of his room . The desk appeared a little larger than we had envisioned -LRB- knowing the dimensions does n't quite prepare you for the actual `` impact '' of the item in the room -RRB- , but it ended up fitting quite nicely in his room . I would say that after an average-size child reaches age nine or ten , this desk would be too small .
 Purchased this desk for our granddaughter for Christmas . Her dad spent less than a half hour assembling it with no difficulty whatsoever . The desk and chair are of a great quality for the price paid and will serve her well for many years . Interestingly , the purchase price was quite lower going through Amazon than it would have been directly from the retailer 's website . Go figure .
 Purchased this desk for our granddaughter for Xmas . It is AWSOME , alot bigger than it looks on the website . Very pleased with it .
 Overall the desk is what I expected . Easy assembly . Solid construction . Decent looking . My daughter loves it -LRB- what really counts -RRB- and it will work well for the next few years -LRB- she is 5 now -RRB- . The desk is a little shorter than I thought it would be , but fine for little kids.My only issue was that the desk arrived missing 2 legs for the desk . Ordering parts was simple from the website - click on the missing parts , add quantity , provide shipping info - no purchase verification , no serial numbers - guessing this happens a lot . I did have to follow-up with a phone call as the parts did not ship when they were supposed to per the general message on the website . They overnighted the parts after my call .
 I love the Crocodile Creek lunchbox I purchased for my son . He loves the animals and I love the fact that it is safe -- 100 % Phthalate and PVC free.This lunchbox is durable and easy to clean . I will purchase Crocodile Creek items again .
 As my title states , we finally found a lunchbox that will hold a lunch , including a water bottle , and not fall apart . It 's a good size , not too big , not too small . It 's soft , so can take a beating and not fall apart - and easy to clean out too . My son is not really gentle with things , so this works perfect - we even bought a second one for our other son , we liked it so much .
 This is a very nice lunchbox with beautiful colors and images . It is made of durable and washable material . And one great thing about it is that it is different as it does not have any common TV character on it .
 I LOVE Crocodile Creek Lunchboxes ! They are perfect for Kindergarten and 1st Grade children since they do n't require as much lunch as an older child may . It can even hold a thermos drink cup or soup cup.This lunchbox has held up wonderfully thru an entire year of daily lunches , being thrown around in class , smashed in packpacks and drug across lunch tables . I highly recommend this product to anyone with younger children .
 I bought two for my 3-year old twin girls , they were very excited when saw it , and both of them like to carry it when I drop them in day care -LRB- I used to carry their old lunch box for them -RRB- . The good thing for me is that it is very easy to clean .
 Love the Wild Animals lunchbox . It 's more like - zoo animals.It has a good , thick amount of insulation and is free of harmful plastics , etc. . It 's also a lot roomier than your average lunchbox and I like this because it leaves extra room for more freezer blocks to keep everything very cold . We also send two drinks , one for lunch and one for snacktime and the extra room is great!I agree with others about this being difficult to clean , so we send a paper plate and have the little one eat outside of the lunchbox , so we do n't wind up with crumbs , etc inside the interior seams , problem solved.It 's also nice to have a lunchbox that not every kid has , so he knows which one is his . This will probably last the entire school year and that 's good for a fabric lunchbox . I would buy this again and will get another next year .
 I bought this for my nephew and he loves it . it is super cute , it looks exactly like in pic . it is big and can take a crocodile creek bottle too . perfect for any kid .
 I 've ordered 2 of these lunchboxes to give as gifts . Bright and visual . Easy-to-use zipper for little hands . Fun for preschoolers -LRB- or older -RRB- heading off to play dates or school with their own lunch or snack .
 My two year old loves his lunch bag . He 's been using it now for a year and it is still in great shape . It is easy to wipe clean , and has a zippered pouch in front for his silverware and napkin .
 Great buy for a cute accessory for your kid!My 20 month old son is obsessed with any animal and now insists on carrying his lunchbox in and out of school with him - loves it . Great colors and educational too!I highly recommend Crocodile Creek gear !
 This lunchbox has been well received by the toddler . We like to talk about and name the animals . The little one has started to learn how to work the zippers on his own . The construction seems durable and high quality . Cold things stay cold when we use appropriate cooler packs . Easy to wipe out . Standard plastic containers fit easily . We are very happy with this product .
 This was purchased as a Holiday gift for our 2 1/2 year old . She is very artistic in nature , as are my other two older children -LRB- ages 9 & 11 -RRB- and they all play together when this gets whipped out . It 's great for when I need a little time to do some sewing to keep the kids busy for awhile.Sometimes mom gets in on the creative action as well , and then we end up playing for long times , strengthening our bonds.Much better than sitting in front of the TV or computer.The only subject I would mention that could use a little improvement is maybe an idea sheet , like a how to , to give the kids a jumping point on creativity with what is included in this package .
 not bad but be warned you need to buy extra play-doh at local store before handing it to the kid 's
 My kids love playdough . The only problem is that it dries out very quickly if they forget to put the tops back on the tubs , which they do frequently . However , I love the ability to organize the toys in the caddy . I also love the mat that comes with it , it is durable and easy to clean . There are a lot of playdough toys that comes with this . They are also good to mold moon sand with .
 My daughter loves this caddy and really enjoys playing with playdoh -LRB- she 's 3 -RRB- . It has a lot of cool tools like scissors and a pizza cutter that are very toddler friendly . I think the caddy center island needed to be a bit bigger . We have other play doh sets and it does n't all fit in the caddy .
 My three year old and I have played with this every day since it arrived . The accessories are fun , and the caddy is easy to organize and store . We are enjoying it thoroughly !!!
 We have wonderful times playing with the Play doh Super Craft Caddie set ... . from my three year old , to my ten year old all the way up to us the parents.Recomend it for the entier family ; we were playing for quite a long time the first time we recieved it and still find new ways to play with it .
 Is your `` long-lost '' Nephews that you do n't know that wells birthday just around the corner ? Do you have any idea what to get him ? I have been in the situation many times before and believe me play dough is the ticket ! Kids love it and its super fun ! A lot of kids these days do n't have play dough and have V smiles and leapsters so this is a sure fire way to get them something they do n't have ! Parents will love this because it reminds them of there childhood and because of its convient portablity ! The one downside is it is very messy and play dough drys out , but for a quick gift where you want to make the kid happy this is perfect ! But if you are looking for a more long term toy try something else like a truck or a doll !
 Rated for 3 + but my 2 and 3 yr . olds both play with this . While the kids like playing with this , I like that it can grow with them . It has basic tools for younger children
 I purchased this on clearance at our local wal-mart for my 3 year old twins . It came with a cute plastic mat that fit perfectly over their play table . I opened three colors for each and showed them how to use the many accessories that were included.They played NON-STOP -LRB- a few potty breaks only -RRB- for FOUR hours . I ca n't remember the last time a new toy held both of their attention for that long.A MUST BUY for toddlers . Clean up just took a few minutes to wipe off the mat and a pick up a few playdoh crumbs that had escaped to the floor.Now if I can just keep my son from mixing the playdoh colors ... : -RRB-
 my son is 3 years old & loves this playdo caddy ... i am not partial to playdo but it keeps him occupied for hours at a time . . would recommend to anyone
 I purchased this set for my daughter last Christmas -LRB- she is 5 years old -RRB- , and it is still one of her favorites . It inspires creativity and it is something we can play together . Well worth the price .
 This is a great piece to have to keep all different types of art tools . My 3 year old grandaughter has it on her drawing and work table all the time .
 This is the perfect Play Duh item ! It comes with all accessories and play duh and the cady is a god send ! My almost 3 year old son , takes the caddy off his shelf and we set it up on the table ... he plays and when he is done he puts everything back and we walk it back to his room and put it away ! That simple.Another great feature is the price - you can make a child happy with inexpensive item !
 I have been disappointed by many Play-Doh sets in the past because of limited play value , boring accessories , and painful cleanup . This made me understandably hesitant to purchase this set , despite the strong reviews and excellent sale price -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- . I was pleasantly surprised to find this set has great play value and was very easy to clean up . There is a jewelry making side , a cake making side , a picture frame side , and a sand art side . All of them have lots of creative options that make the activities different each time you play.I plan to buy more as gifts .
 I bought this for my 5 year old and 2.5 year old girls and they just love it . It has various activities and the girls play for hours and do not tire of it . It also encourages new methods and techniques of working with the dough . It is ineed clean using the mat and durable . We all love it !! even the mom .
 This caddy has so much stuff to it . There are endless possibilities to this product . I highly recommend it to anyone who loves to play with play-doh .
 I bought this for my grandson who was turning two.The tools that came in the set were safe and he is enjoying it .
 This set is essential to making fun layouts with some bridges likeThomas & Friends Wooden Railway - Collapsing Sodor Suspension Bridgeand the Thomas & Friends Play and Go Storage Box . Both of these products have slots on both sides , creating a need for a double tabbed pieces . This set comes with 3 of these double tabbed pieces.The cost may seem high , but compared to other manufacturers track , the Thomas track is much higher quality . Functionally , they are the same ... but the Thomas track is thicker , more consistent in wood grain color , has the rail ties etched/stamped , and has a tread stamped into the track .
 The Thomas wooden track connector pieces is just what was needed when setting up different designs . Sometimes when setting up a new design my 4 year old grandson whould end up with no way to connect the finish . These pieces have helped with that problem .
 Good product . The only downfall is that your really need Track Adapter Pack # 2 as well . I wish they would just have one pack -LRB- and offered a little cheaper -RRB- . The Thomas train set is an excellent toy but is over priced somewhat .
 If you are an `` engineer '' constructing track for Thomas the Tank , these pieces are essential to use with the Roundhouse . Relieve the frustration by obtaining these pieces .
 We always need these extra little pieces and could n't find them anywhere . Great to find them here and good quality for the price !
 As always the quality of the Thomas track is great . These Thomas pieces are hard to find in the local stores but was a snap to find on Amazon .
 A great little tool for seeing the normally unseen . Scope easily focuses by tilting the scope rather than fiddling with adjustment knobs . It 's so fun to see things really close up !
 This is a pretty cool set . The only thing wrong is that is should be a little taller like in the movie . This set really recreates the tower in the movie . The only thing wrong is the door . It should be like a prison door like in the movie , not a wooden one . Some good things about this is only one of two sets that have buckbeak , one of four sets that have a dementor , and only one of two sets that have Sirus Black . I RECOMEND THAT YOU BUY THIS !!!
 I have not built or bought this set yet but I am going to get it as soon as I can and so should you ! My favorite part about this set is the fact that it has buckbeak . The tower opens and there is a secret chest inside . I HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS SET , WORTH THE MONEY .
 i love my zen garden ! i sit at a desk all day and when im stressed or anything it is a relaxing thing to play with the little rake and sand ! it sounds so weird but everyone that passes my desk uses it and cant believe what a simple thing it is but how addicting it is !!! everyone shoulw have one !
 I tend to stress out a bit so my husband bought me this for my office as a stress reliever . I love it ! It is a great way to zone out for a little while .
 I bought this particular zen garden for my younger sister because she enjoyed the one I had so much . I love the tools that come with it . The only problem I had with mine was one of the small feet came off from the bottom . My younger sister was very happy to receive this , but has n't said anything beyond that .
 I bought this Zen Garden to bring to work . I needed something to distract me from the stress my boss can bring upon - if you know what I mean . I topped it off with some Lucky Bamboo and a rock fountain making a peaceful and relaxing theme in the corner of my office.The Zen Garden came quickly , quicker than I expected . When I opened it up to inspect it , everything was there . Rocks , 2 rakes , sand , and the base . The base is sturdy and light weight , even with the sand in it . It came with a nice book that has some famous quotes and a background of the Zen Garden . The box the Zen Garden came in is pretty . I like Pandas so I kept the box . I placed the book next to the garden so when people walk by they can read about the purpose of it.I seem to loose myself making all sorts of patterns in the sand . It gives me a chance to think and opening up my mind . I give this Zen Garden a 5 star . I 'm thinking about getting my friend one for his Birthday .
 this was a gift for my niece - she just loved it . It was a great company to deal with.Thanks .
 This Zen Garden was just as described , very nice and well worth the price we paid !! It 's not too big but yet not so small you ca n't even use it like others I 've seen . Very relaxing !
 It 's pretty nice and comes with a little book with interesting proverbs too . I 'm not sure if it really helps to relieve stress but it 's makes a fun distraction once in a while . The only complaint is when other people play around with it , they always spill sand out the box . .
 I love my Zen garden . It sits on my desk , and gets used by most who enter . Showed up just as expected . A cool twist
 The product is incredible ! It really relaxes and distracts your mind from the outside world ! It is as described by the seller and it 's the perfect size for a desktop or table ! I may also recommend the seller for having excellent customer service . If you are looking for relax at home that fits your hectic life ... This is it ! I must say that I never get bored of it ! I extremely recommend this Zen Garden ! Enjoy !
 I received this item on time and in wonderful condition ! I gave it to my daughter-in-law to use in her office . She is a therapist , and some people rather have something to take their mind off their therapy . This garden is a wonderful diversion for her patients . Children especially love to play with it while they communicate !
 This is the second Zen garden that I purchased . The first was for my home and it is displayed on my island bar . Everyone loves the garden . I purchased the second one for my teen nephew who loved the garden when he would visit . For the most part I am very happy with the second garden . The only problem that I would hope to address is that upon opening the the product , the wood base was somewhat warped and so it did not lay smoothly against the border . This allowed for gaps that would would have let the sand drain out . I was going to return the garden and ask for a replacement , but instead I repaired it with some homemade ingenuity . The repair worked fine and my nephew is very happy .
 Mine came in perfect condition and I 'd call it a nice quality . The sand is more a sparkling white than sand-colored , but I 'm guessing that 's by design .
 I bought two of these ; one for an office colleague and one for me . Everyone loves playing with it ; they ca n't help but stop by my office and draw in the sand . It 's pretty great for the value . I 'm getting ready to buy another one for home .
 I read the review about it being low quality so I was expecting it to be flimsy & plastic , but since it was only 14 $ , I ordered anyway . I was very pleasantly surprised to find that the quality was great . It feels sturdy , heavy and seems to be made of real wood . I am very happy with my purchase , it is perfect for my work desk .
 My Zen Garden came on time and exactly as described . I like it , but it really only is a tray with sand . Get this product if you want a nice Zen garden . If you want to have something to help you relax , get something else , there are better ways to cut loose .
 This tool , has helped me both in education and in the field of therapy . Students can reflect through the Zen Garden about the opportunities and obstacles encountered in life .
 My 9-year-old ordered this zen garden with her hard-earned lemonade stand $ . After reading the reviews on this product and others , we decided to take a chance on this one despite comments about problems with the bottom of the sand tray . The product came packaged very nicely in a well-made , decorative sturdy box . I liked that it had small wooden `` feet '' with cork pads - wo n't have to worry about scratching up my daughter 's dresser . All the extra pieces -LRB- polished rocks and 2 rakes as well as a Zen Meditations book -RRB- were included as advertised and there was plenty of fine , white sand -LRB- we only needed to use 2/3 of it -RRB- . Like other reviewers , we found that the bottom of the sand tray was slightly bent/warped and pulling away from the frame on one side -LRB- uploaded pics on product page -RRB- . A bead of hot glue along the inside of the frame did the trick and we have n't had any problems keeping the sand from `` leaking '' out . My daughter has been playing with it on and off since it arrived yesterday morning and really enjoys it . For $ 14 , this was a good deal ... for anything more than $ 20 I would think twice only because of the slight problem with the frame .
 Co-workers stop to comb the sand and ask where I got it . Its a great time out in a stressful environment .
 I received my zen garden yesterday , I really like it . For the price it is great quality . Also mine did not fall apart out of the box as others were saying . I was impressed with the packaging . For under $ 14 this is a great value . It is sitting on my desk at my office now .
 This item is great for sitting on a desk top in an office , classroom , etc. . It arrived quickly and seems to be good quality for the price .
 The garden is nice . It even comes with a bonus rake . Word to the wise , though , do n't put all the sand in at once because when you rake it , it will overflow .
 This zen garden is well worth the price . I was very pleased that there was plenty of sand as some of the other zen gardens had reviews saying not enough of sand that is not the case with this one . Another reason I chose this particular one is that it came with wooden - not plastic - rakes and two different kinds at that . I painted the wooden rakes a dark cherry color to match the mini elephant and laughing Buddhas -LRB- see picture -RRB- that I purchased from amazon at a minimal price . I also purchased 7 polished chakra stones to put instead of the stones provided . I used the stones that came with the zen garden in the water fountain I also purchased . Both were for a birthday gift . The recipient loved the gifts . 3rd reason I chose this zen garden is it came with a great little book for zen meditation . 4th reason - it was packaged in a beautiful outer box one that a person would want to keep . Some reviews said the bottom is flimsy . This was my only concern . I am happy to report that the bottom of the one I received was intact although it is thin , it is adequate for the more than ample amount of sand provided and the sand does not leak out . Great gift for adults - now I want one for myself .
 I actually bought the zen garden for my counseling office . I have had good result using this with children and adults .
 This was a gift for my husband . He loves it , and it 's very relaxing for him ... Even though I bought this a while ago , it 's still in good shape , like new !
 I purchased this zen garden to keep at my office which can be quite the high stress environment at times . It is relaxing and fun and even more fun seeing anyone who passes come to play and de-stress in the sand . I purchased this specific zen garden because the price is so much lower than the others I saw . It comes with two rakes instead of 1 that most lower priced zen gardens offer and had plenty of stones . The tray is ok quality and larger sized than many other gardens in the same price range ... better quality than what you would expect for this price . We have also enjoyed the little meditation book that was included with the set.If you are looking for a cute gift for a co-worker or friend , this is definitely a neat way to go .
 When my students approach my desk , they inevitably want to touch and play with the things on it , which sometimes is a problem . This Zen Garden was my solution to this problem . Its so predictable and sweet ; a student will stand at my desk , pick up the little rake and start drawing in the sand and say to me , `` Miss , what 's this thing for ? '' I always smile and reply , `` Just what you are doing right now . '' A few have made me laugh as they continue to draw and design in the sand and say , `` Well that 's dumb . '' To which I reply , `` You 're STILL doing it , are n't you ? '' : - -RRB- I think there is something primal about playing with sand and it has brought joy to my classroom - to my students who now have a little toy and to me because they now have something they should be touching on my desk , and of course the smiles they give me when they do play with it!Is this the best one out there ? No , not really . It is a little cheap . One of the legs came off , but I glued it back on . Also , its not very deep , I have to keep the whole thing in the tray that it came it to prevent sand spillage all over my desk - fortunately the box it came in has a nice black cardboard tray that does n't detract from its appearance . This bottom is also helpful because the wooden garden itself is n't 100 % level . The sand is very fine , so it leaves a powder residue around the frame - I use a small make up brush to brush this sand back into the garden.So , no it is not the best one out there , but it does do what its supposed to do and between the rocks and two garden tools it comes with -LRB- which have held up well so far - 3 months of use -RRB- , it is a nice starter set at a decent price . Also , the book that contains the meditations is lovely and a nice part of the set.I had some pretty tumbled rocks I had from when I taught science and replaced the plain brown ones with them and it looks great .
 I bought this gift for my boyfriend who is going into law school . It was partly a gag gift , but I really did think he could use it to relax when he gets overly stressed . He already loves it and has used it a ton . I love that there are two rakes , and the rocks are appropriate for the size of the garden . There is quite a bite of sand , and it does spill over the edges a little bit when you are using it , but it is n't a huge deal . I can see where other people might have had problems with the base , but this one is just fine and there have been no leakages . I also love the size of this one because it is large enough that you can make great designs in the sand . I had considered going with something smaller , but now I 'm glad I did n't because I do n't think it would have nearly as much fun or relaxing . I definitely would recommend this for anyone looking for a simple gift that everyone can enjoy .
 I love my Zen garden . It is exactly what I wanted and just the perfect size for my desk at work . It was delivered in perfect shape and in record time . Great value .
 I was buying this as a gift and I was looking for a zen garden that was big enough to be a decorative piece for a table , but small enough for an end table . It was also a very good price . I was very happy with this purchase .
 This was a gift for my husband for his office cube . It was a great price and a simple gift , it looks good for a small desk zen garden .
 I purchased this for my new office and I love it and so does everyone who comes in .
 My boss likes to garden and I decided to get this for her for Boss Day . She loved it and it 's on her desk currently .
 Like others have mentioned , it will probably take a minute of your time to seal the inside of the wooden frame , as sand might seep out over time . However , it only took a second using caulking , -LRB- even Elmer 's will work -RRB- . I love it and it makes a great gift . Ps I 'd recommend sealing it before you put sand in it .
 It is exactly what I wanted from a zen garden but ... Problems i have with it . the Thing is n't exactly deep enough for all the sand they give you so when you move it around it will spill out a bit unless you do n't use it all at the beginning . Also mine had the bottom bent out , so I had to seal the entire thing with wood glue so it wont leak the sand all over the place ... . Other than that it is at least a good zen garden if you want a real one though just go into your back yard dig a bout 6 inches down at a few boulders and a bunch of 1 '' to 1/2 '' gravel and you have a real one .
 Once I shook it a little to make it the sand flat , sand started pouring out the bottom sides because the bottom wood had pulled away from the tacks or nails . I poured the sand back into the packaging box for safekeeping and took the box home for repairs -LRB- I bought it for my office -RRB- . I still like this item ; the size is perfect , the sand is nice and plentiful and the rocks are nice river rocks , not too shiny or too dull . I did n't expect much because of the price so I 'm actually happy with it ... I dropped a star because of the repairs I had to make . I just wish I had read all the reviews before pouring the sand in and making a mess !
 I got this as a Birthday gift for my Dad ; he loved it ! I had seen a similar product elsewhere for $ 25 . I thought this price was a great deal for this garden .
 It creates a calming atmosphere yet allows you to dream of the beach , the sand is a tad dusty though .
 I bought this item for my granddaughter . I thought it might keep her from playing in my sugar bowl when she visits . It 's a nice size and just what I expected . One of the legs fell off but I glued it back on so that was n't a real problem . My granddaughter seems to enjoy it . I 'm going to order one for myself .
 If you stop , take a deep breath and move the sand & stones it is relaxing.It is not an immediate fix and it requires you to work at shutting out everything else.If you do that , this will relax you.Additionally , you can make some nice designs .
 My product came in yesterday -LRB- tuesday -RRB- and I ordered it late saturday . My garden frame actually came in great order . All legs where attached and I did n't have to caulk or plug anything in . I took everyone 's advice , added just a little sand , and moved it around to check for gaps . Then I slowly added more . Its not super strong but its great for the price . Its a great addition to my dorm desk , and it came just in time to help keep me calm during midterms ! :D Satisfied customer here ... : -RRB-
 Bought this as a gift for someone that wanted one and it 's perfect - nice size for a desk and it 's made well - no complaints !
 I purchased this as a gift and they loved it!it 's not constructed &#34; cheap &#34; or plastic looking like the others in this price range.I highly reccomend this product
 Exactly what I expected from this product description . The vendor shipped the product within the expected time frame . I am happy with this purchase
 Nice little `` sandbox '' . Quite relaxing . Order process was smooth and delivery was quick .
 got lots of hours of play out of this toy . pretty , and well-made . teaches the alphabet in a fun way .
 It 's so hard to find a puzzle that is more challenging than the wooden puzzles with the pegs -LRB- where objects are lined up in rows -RRB- , yet not as difficult as the jigsaw puzzles with 24 or more pieces . This puzzle bridges that gap ! Our daughter loves it ! I only wish I could find more like it .
 My 2 year old loves this puzzle ! He was bored with simple knob puzzles but was frustrated with interlocking pieces of other puzzles not made for little hands . I want more like this ! It is even very durable . A pail of water was dumped on it and after it dried it was fine . I thought the pictures would peel off or be damaged . The little knobs on it seem really strong and safe . Smaller children have played with it and it surivived .
 I purchase this for a friend who is a big fan of super girl she was really impress with the details lived it
 I am not sure what the other person was doing , but I bought one of these and it works great . Followed the directions and off it went .
 My daughter loves it . I wish they still made the bigger ones .
 The product was shipped in a timely manner and I am happy with the purchase .
 I bought this when it was a promo game and taught it to my 5 year old daughter , she loves it . She now is 6 and still likes to play . Great fun , player young and old will like this game !
 My daughters played this game with their cousin whom they were visiting . The best part of the game was that it did not require lengthy instructions . It was easy to learn and a lot of fun . The game is a bit pricy for what it contains but they enjoyed the game so much that my daughter asked for it as a gift . They are teenagers but the game is appropriate for any age .
 I ordered this sofa about 3 years ago for my two boys . This sofa was well worth the money . I know that there are some less expensive options out there but , keep in mind , you get what you pay for . After three years of everyday use , there is n't a single tear or sign of it wearing out . It gets sat on , jumped on and slept on regularly by two very active boys . I ca n't say enough about how pleased I am . I definitely have gotten my money 's worth already and have several more years to come !
 I ordered this for my five pet chihuahuas . If they all want to get on it at once , I open it out into a sleeper . The pillows that came with it are of a high quality .
 Last Christmas I bought a good bottle of wine and trapped it in this `` toy '' and then into a gift bag for my father in law -LRB- without the box or instructions of course -RRB- . He found it pleasantly frustrating and it was extremely humorous for us !
 Gave this to a friend in October ... . they finally solved it in Dec when her relatives came to visit ... . the Univ of Virginia student solved it ! She will pass it on to our other friends for their birthdays ... Really like the game , its made well and it is harder than you think . I actually had to get my William and Mary graduate to put it together ! I also gave one to my Mom for Christmas , who has not solved it yet . She will pass it on to her ladies she plays cards with . Its fun and different ... a good conversation piece !
 This puzzle is well made and went over quite well with a friend who is a wine lover . For puzzle lovers in general , bottles of soda or olive oil can be used as well . I highly recommend this puzzle/novelty gift .
 It went over very well . It was a fun gift to give to someone . It also looks good on display .
 I bought this as a gift for my dad , a wine and puzzle lover . He absolutely loved it ! I definitely recommend it !
 Fun gift for the wine loving friend . Some people were able to open in a few tries but most people took multiple tries or hours .
 Had more fun with this . Was one of the best gifts I 've given someone . Everyone had fun with it .
 This is a great gift idea for a wine lover . What a hit ! Very well made and comes with a very pretty gift bag .
 this was a chrismas gift that went over amazingly . If there is anyone in your family that is hard to buy for I would recommend this gift . It came right on time . I would recommend this vendor to anyone !
 I like it . It 's a creative way to give wine . Something a little more fun , and I LOVE that it 's a gift that can be re-gifted many times , appropriately .
 I love this toy ! it is a super toy ! It 's name is may ! She had 3 puppies and they are all cute girls.Her puppies names are Lily , Daisy and rosie.I adore this toy . Please get it for your kids . I know they will love it!I also have a tan one . it 's name is willow and all her pups are girls too . she has 3 pups . Thier names are beauty , molly and star.If you can check out my other review.it 's the tan ones reviews .
 I spend hours playing with it and its 2 puppies!I made a sled for themand pulled them around the house.I ordered it when it came out and it is one of my favorit toys !!!!!!!!!!!
 My 3-1/2 year old daughter received this as a gift . I was skeptical , thinking she might be disappointed if she only got 2 puppies , but she got FOUR and was thrilled !!! They are really cute , too !! Everybody that sees her pulling the puppies out of the tummy is surprised at how cute they are . It 's really adorable . She loves it !!! Overall , I 'd say this toy is much cuter and much more fun than I would have imagined !
 Hi , Today we went to toysrus and picked up this puppy surprise . And we LOVE it!When we opend it up every one was excited to see how many puppys it would have . -LRB- including Mom ! -RRB- And we got 2 girls and 1 boy :-RRB- Of all the reviews I read everybody said they got 3 or 4 puppys , I never herd of someone getting 2 . Well Im going to go play with my puppys , bye :-RRB- - Jackie
 this is such a cute dog.i got three pups with mine two girls and one boy who is a miniature.please get this dog im sure you will love it.thanks
 Great toy - my kids went NUTS for this dog . So cute and great play value !
 I just love puppy surprise !! I got on on easter and I got a other one on my birthday . My first one is a cute pink and white ! The mom is named Honey and her puppys names are Pinky , Daisy and puggy . Puggy is a peanut shape puppy ... Then my other one is a black and white . The mom is named bell and her puppys names are ... Dixey and frixey -LRB- They are twins -RRB- then angel . Thier fave game is super puppy !!!! I just love puppy surprise !
 My 1-year-old loves it , but it 's too small for my 3-year-old . Check the measurements -- it 's tiny . A 3-yr-old would need to sit on the floor , or you 'd have to put it up on a table to play with it .
 I did n't think I would get household-type toys -LRB- eg . toy vacuum , kitchens , baby doll strollers , etc -RRB- , but my 1.5 yr old is attracted to the toy oven at daycare . So , I got this for her . It is small , but it 's what I expected . I 've decided to try & avoid plastic toys , this was a great choice . The quality is awesome ... bread slices look almost real . 1.5 yr old carries around the carrot & knife slicing it -LRB- Carrot & bread slices are velcroed so they can be `` sliced '' -RRB- . Everything is so cute
 This is an excellent toy for my 2.5 year old daughter ! It was a Christmas gift , and she still has gifts to unwrap because she has been `` cooking '' non-stop since it was opened . It fits nicely on top of a table , as it is rather small . I love the wood construction , and my daughter likes all of the accessories that come with the set -LRB- salt , pepper , food , utensils , etc. -RRB- Everything is just the right size for her little hands . I am very happy with this purchase and would recommend this kitchen set to anyone with a little cook in their life .
 My daughter ABSOUTELY loves this toy . I love the all wooden feature and durablilty of it . My daughter loves to make many treats for us and then serve it to us . Would highly recomend .
 We purchased this for our daughter for her first birthday . She loves it & plays with it constantly . It is great quality and fun colors & also comes with great accessories . It is very small -LRB- perfect for her size -RRB- , but note this if you are buying it for an older toddler .
 I love this little kitchen . We might have to buy something bigger because we have so many kitchen pots , pans , food and such ... but we will still hang onto this kitchen . My 3 kids love it ! Also , it can be assembled in minutes !
 Another fantastic deal from Amazon . My son ADORES this little oven . It looks beautiful and comes with a complete collection of food , plates , pots , and utensils . The colors are lovely and it looks a great deal more expensive than it was . My only complaint is that the shelves are not solid in the wood backing . The small plastic bolt comes loose easily . It so far seems to create no structural issues , but it does make the yellow sliding door fall out sometimes . Probably could be resolved easily by adding a real screw to the backing . It is also on the small side -LRB- my two year old sits down to play with it -RRB- , so know what you are getting before purchasing .
 This is a great starter stove and oven for my 3 year old . She loves it soooo much .
 All my nephew wanted for Christmas was his own kitchen since he ca n't make the mess he wants in the actual one . I got him this kitchen and he loves it . I have bought him other gifts which he has immediately broken -LRB- he is 3 yrs old -RRB- and so far this one has remained intact . I think it is a great product .
 I love this kitchen for my soon to be one year old . I would n't buy it if I had an older child because it is small , but I think that it is a great first kitchen . it has so many wooden accessories . The Kitchen is wonderful , it does n't smell like paint , very natural . I also love that it is not some plastic thing that has too many lights and sounds . The simplicity allows a child to use their imagination , instead of being distracted . I would highly recommend it . Do n't expect a `` huge '' Kitchen , but it is just the right size for a one or two year old .
 BRIO is the most durable and has the best quality wooden train on the market . Another must have for train extending . We have about 10 sets of these . It makes it really easy for our son to build whatever he wants . Another great product .
 Do you want to make another circle ? A circle of tracks under a bridge ? this is the set to get.They are sturdy and have held up to my children playing with them many years over and over again.These are the basics of train track building . If you have these and a few extra pieces you can make quite a nifty train track for your train .
 This package together with the other Brio track expansion sets are essential to get after buying the typical Brio starter set . This is the way to enhance the fun and educational value of that first investment in a Brio train set as a bit of extra tracks allow for a lot of new track layouts . This is what Brio is great for - allowing your child to discover and explore new layouts.This set contains four long curved tracks , enough for a 180 deg . turn . The tracks are very robust and you would need to be pretty violent to break them .
 This is a great toy . Its made of wood and is very durable .
 Grandma just sent this bug kit to my three year old son and he absolutely loves it . He has played with it every day since . He has examined more than just the plastic bugs it came with but also many of his matchbox cars and anything else he could think of ... highly recommended .
 These short curves are really a nice addition to your wooden railway system as they make it possible to create small and sharper turns than you can do with the normal curved track -LRB- 33342 -RRB- . The downside of this track is that it may be a bit difficult for longer engines -LRB- like the mighty red battery-powered engine -RRB- to drive through the curves . However , if the tracks are laid without too many `` bumps '' at the connecting points the larger engines will manage to drive through it as well .
 BRIO is the most durable and has the best quality wooden train on the market . These are a must have for extending and building . My son loves having these shorter curved pieces . We have 3 sets and are considering buying a fourth set ; that 's how much he uses them when building . A great piece to have .
 These track pieces only add to the fun of the brio train tracks . They allow for you to fill in tight spots , make tighter curves and increase the changes you can make to your train set up.They are well made and sturdy . They have lived up to the effort of three kids playing , putting them together , stepping on them , and so on.They are lots of fun . Enjoy .
 I worked on this puzzle on a cruise and just had to buy it when I got home . It 's a hard puzzle , but a wonderful scene .
 Why buy a boring new appliance or an electronic gadget with $ 45.00 when you can get a sanded piece of wood with six precise cuts on the surface and connectors cut into the ends ? Well , I can tell you that this is one of the greatest enhancements one can make to a wooden train set . It 's great to be able to have two long straight tracks side by side and then suddenly be able to cross from one track over to the other . My kids love their wooden train set , and I gave them one of these and they were very happy to incorporate it into their track setup.And it really really works ! You let a train go straight or push it to the right in either direction . No moving parts to fail or wear out.Seriously , this is a fun little enhancement for a wooden train set , and not the easiest one to find stand-alone outside a set , but please do yourself a favor and shop around for different prices and manufacturers .
 BRIO is the most durable and has the best quality wooden train on the market . These pieces are a must for extending your existing train set . My 5 year old loves having these extra pieces to create with .
 In and of themselves these track pieces are not that fun . However , combined with a train and other track pieces it is a great product . The medium pieces are important to have because sometimes you just need something straight to fill in a space and you do n't want it too long or too short . We went searching for these pieces when we kept running into a space we needed to fill with a medium track piece.Brio makes a good product that is sturdy and holds up well . These straight pieces are no exception . They are sturdy and have held up to hours of play by my three children.Well worth the money.Enjoy .
 All the Brio trains and accesories We have purchased are always high-quality and do n't disapoint . This railway crossing is no different . It is very durable and our 4 yr old ca n't stop playing with it ! Also , it works perfect with other track brands .
 We have picked up several of these types of pieces during our train building/buying marathon that has lasted many years now . These are typical brio quality . They are well built , sturdy pieces . They have been helpful . We have found you need a variety of sizes and shapes to fill in the odd opening . These have been more than helpful because you can make your track go straight without having it go too far straight and running off the table.Well worth the money.enjoy .
 BRIO is the most durable and has the best quality wooden train on the market . These pieces are a must for extending your existing train set . My 5 year old loves having these extra pieces to create with .
 This is a fun project to do if you have a short amount of time . It 's simple and easy for kids to do on a rainy day . Everything is included and it takes just a few minutes to set up and clean up.It 's not a FANTASTIC , GOT TA HAVE IT item , but for the money , it 's a good craft project . If you buy those magnets at a craft store , you can glue it on the back and use them on your fridge or give them away to relatives for Mother 's Day or the like . : -RRB-
 My daughter first started reaching for this toy at about 4 months old . However , her arm control was n't developed enough to keep her from smacking herself in the face . Not a problem with lighter toys made from softer plastic . This one is pretty hefty and I had to keep one hand on it at all times . Now , at 6 months , she 's doing better and can play with it without risking a black eye.For an older baby the toy is great . I do n't think she 's really into the beads yet , but that will come as she grows . For now she loves the colors and shape of the toy . It 's easy to grip and makes a fun sound .
 My son enjoys the rattling noise and the attractive colors invites him to play with it . It is sturdy and easily bears some mishandling that toddlers generally inflict on toys .
 This rattle is easy to hold and has an added advantage of being able to roll around the floor . This makes my grandson want to crawl after it . It 's well made , makes a nice rattling sound . I would buy it again for my grandson as it is quite nice . He did n't show interest in it until about 7 months and now that he is one plays with it a bit . The only negative comment I have is that he loses interest in it after a very short time .
 Great looking toy . I have Magic doing his no-look-pass pose towards my other Lakers greats . Good size and similar resemblance to the Magic man .
 My daughters love this puzzle . We 've had it over a year , and it 's still in good shape . Nothing peeling or splitting , just some chew marks from my younger daughter . What 's more , they still pull it out to play with after all this time . My only problem is that there is no picture of the puzzle on the front of the assembling board , only a small picture of it on the back . I 'm used to doing puzzles where I have a picture to guide me . But my daughters have learned to put it together by matching similar colors or shapes , which is a good educational value too . For the price , I highly recommend it , even without the picture .
 My 3 year old granddaughter loved this puzzle . It is very colorful I would definitely recommend this puzzle . It is very well constructed .
 I have purchased several M&D puzzles for my 3 year old granddaughter and she loves putting them together . Very durable and colors are so vibrant .
 This puzzle , like all Melissa and Doug products , is very well made , safe and has a good design that is not too frustrating for little kids to solve . My little guy took about half an hour to do it the first time , but now really enjoys racing through it . Once he gets good at a M&D ; puzzle , we mix up several puzzles to make it more challenging.You wo n't go wrong with any M&D ; puzzle , but be sure and check the number of pieces . Kids should start with a 12 piece puzzle , but it is too easy for kids with some puzzle experience , while the 24 pieces provide a bit more of a challenge .
 These puzzles are very well made . Our son loves to play with them and they can withstand his abuse . We recommend this type for 18-30 month old children .
 Nice for toodlers . Good quality , if you can keep the pieces together . Eight more words required , but that 's all I have to say
 grandchild loves these kind of puzzles . I would recommend these to everyone . they are made sturdy and are easy for little hands to play with .
 Melissa and Doug products all seem to be very high quality and this one was too . My granddaughter loves to do puzzles , and these wooded puzzles can really take the abuse .
 My grandaughter is about 2 3/4 years old and loves these puzzles . They are bright and fun . I plan to buy some more for her next birthday .
 This is a marvelous puzzle for a toddler . I was amazed at the sturdiness of the puzzle pieces when it arrived . The pieces can withstand a lot of handling . The size of each piece makes it very easy for a toddler to find . The colors and artistry is eye-catching . This is a quality item and I would definitely recommend it .
 This puzzle made the little angel in my life squeal with delight ! She was so excited ! I was pleased with the quality and attractiveness of the puzzle . It is so cute !
 This is a great wooden puzzle for a small child . My daughter is three and can complete by herself . Good sturdy pieces and a cute design .
 I have bought my 3 year old granddaughter several of these puzzles . The Melissa & Doug puzzles are very well made . My granddaughter plays with them over and over .
 Puzzle is big and colorful and interesting to look at . Purchased it for when my 2 year old grandson comes to visit . He loves it ! I already purchased another puzzle with a different pic . he loved this so much . I recommend purchasing these puzzles they are fun for little hands and sturdy too .
 I bought this for my 21 months old daughter . It is a great toy , she loves it ! The parts are very durable , quality of the puzzle is very good ! She does n't seem to get tired of playing with it .
 This is an excellent puzzle for very young children . Melissa & Doug products are well made and kids love them . This puzzle is wooden so kids wont destroy it if they try to roughly put the pieces in . The design is adorable and makes a great gift for any young animal lover .
 Our 29 month old mastered this puzzle in 2 days , so it has already sort of lost its primary challenge to her , but she still loves it . She actually matches the animals up , puts the corner pieces in , and recognizes that straight edges go with straight edges . She can do it by herself with the rare verbal assistance from Mom and Dad.I think it 's a great starter jigsaw puzzle , a little more durable than the cardboard puzzles that might not fare very well with the age group this puzzle is intended for . The pictures are placed on the pieces in a way that enables the child to really see half the animal on one piece and half on the other , so they can more easily put them together.The only problem I have with it is that the pieces are slightly difficult to get apart sometimes . This is not a huge issue at all as we are always around to help our daughter with it , or she gets it herself as she is pretty dexterous . But just know that the pieces are sometimes `` sticky '' -LRB- for lack of a better word -RRB- . Some other reviewers have stated the the picture is not printed underneath the puzzle , and I do n't see this as a problem at all . It just added a little extra challenge . She actually had to think about why the bird beak does not fit with the cat toes , etc.Great puzzle !
 This puzzle is made well . Good number of pieces for a toddler to get started with . My only complaint is that there is no picture underneath , so it is hard for a toddler to figure out what the final picture is suppose to look like .
 As with all Melissa & Doug products I have purchased . The puzzles are great . I have very physical grandchildren yet these wooden puzzles hold up amazingly well . As with the cardboard puzzles the face of the puzzle tends to pull up from use & kids putting them in their mouths . These puzzles can hold up to the challenge . They are extremely durable , I have purchased three more of the Melissa & Doug puzzles . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I bought this puzzle for my grandchildren . I took it out of the box and noticed the tray of the puzzle is warped . In time it might be a problem . But the grand kids love it .
 Great puzzle for my 2 year old nephew . he loved the picture and could n't wait to put it together . will look to buy more
 This was our first purchase of an actual jig saw puzzle for our oldest Grand Daughter -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- . For a 2 year old she is very articulate and actually enjoyed the challenge of having a &#34; jig saw &#34; puzzle versus the other pick and place puzzles . We purposely purchase Melissa and Doug products -LRB- and with 2 grand children we have purchased a few -RRB- and have never been let down with the quality of the product . This puzzle was no exception . We and our grand daughter are greatly pleased .
 My granddaughter has a disability , so having this puzzle helps her with her occupational therapy that she needs to do each day .
 great for the next step in puzzles for an advanced 2 year old ; puzzle well made as with all other Melissa and Doug items
 This puzzles has nice big pieces so kids do n't choke and as always with Melissa and Doug toys , fantastic build quality .
 My two year absolutely loves puzzles and this has been a great addition to our collection . . It 's sturdy and I do n't think she 'll be able to wear it out or break it .
 It is adorable with all the cute animals , very colorful , well made , it just beckons a young one to be interested . I bought it for a 1 1/2 yr . old Grandson .
 I was a little worried about not having a picture guide under the puzzle , but that has actually been a good thing . I wound up taping a piece of construction paper over the picture on another princess puzzle that I bought . The picture underneath seemed to confuse my daughter more than help her . She LOVES this puzzle . She 'll sit for an hour doing it over and over . So far it has held up nicely - no splinters or peeling stickers . *
 I was troubled over what to get my son for Christmas this year but when I came across this jigsaw I knew my search had come to an end . This jigsaw will help him cope with the stresses of being a modern day 4 year old surrounded by electronic stimuli 24-7 . You ca n't go wrong with Melissa & Doug !
 The puzzle -LRB- as with most Melissa and Doug things -RRB- is very well made . Nice wooden pieces that hold up to lots of use . Pieces fit together well .
 My 2-1/2 yr old son enjoys puzzles , so this was a good first `` jig sawy '' type one to step up to . No photo underneath , but there 's one on the back for parents to refer to . I am not sure if he 's memorized where everything goes or if he 's actually looking at the picture & matching stuff up . All the same , he loves this one as well as the 24 piece versions we 're just starting him on . THe puzzles are very durable ; a bit tight-fitting in the beginning , but will multiple use , the pieces go together more smoothly . No splitters ; no cons so far to this ; fits in a puzzle organzier .
 We put this on our daughter 's list along with some other ones of the same type for far-away relatives to consider for christmas . She has 4 of them & does them almost daily . She is almost 3 , but fiercely independent & loves the accomplishment . I am glad they do n't have the picture on the tray on the bottom as it would make it too easy for her to master them . We have had them for over 4 months now & have n't had any chipping or splinters . Yes , there are sometimes where she is grumpy & gets whiny about how she ca n't do it , but that 's when we just take a cue to sit with her as she usually just wants some company . Depending on the day , her mood , it is a good toy for her to busy herself with alone or something one of us can sit & do with her . We 're adding some new ones to the list for her birthday .
 My daughter got this puzzle when she just turned a year old and she has used and abused it ... but you would never know it . Melissa & Doug products really hold up and stand the test of toddlers . Yes they are more expensive than some others , but who cares ? THEY LAST . I will be able to keep their products around for my next several children . My daughter has since mastered this puzzle so we are moving up to the 24 and 48 piece Melissa & Doug puzzles , but I know they will hold up as well .
 I posted this review on my blog
 My kids , 3 and 2 , love this puzzle . My 3 year old can put it together on her own , and my 2 year old needs a little help but he loves snapping the puzzle pieces in place . The wooden pieces are definitely pretty tight , but it 's definitely workable . The edges of the pictures are showing a little wear , but it 's been put together more than a dozen times , so I imagine that 's pretty normal . All in all , I love it !
 These are great puzzles . My 3 year old daughter loves them . She had them for over a week now and plays with them every single day . This is amazing since her interest in new toys never exceeded 30 minutes in best case . They are great !
 I gave this puzzle to my 2 1/2 year old granddaughter for Easter . She had been doing 12 piece puzzles which `` slide '' together . This was a little more of a challenge since the pieces are `` jigsaw '' , but she was able to do it . The edges are a little `` rough '' , but our older ones may be smoother from many years of use .
 This is probably one of the puzzles with the cutest characters . There is no image on the board to help , which makes it more interesting .
 This puzzle has lovely graphics and a sturdy construction . As others have mentioned , the pieces are tight and difficult to maneuver right out of the box , because they are all wood and cut from one piece . After about three uses , however , they are now smooth and fit together well . I have not had a problem with splinters , but if you are too rough when you first break apart the pieces , I could see how splinters might develop.My 21-month old daughter loves this puzzle , and had no trouble putting it together without a visual `` guide . '' The colors of each area are very distinguishable , so it 's pretty easy to determine where each piece connects . We are happy customers !
 This was a gift for my niece but I heard she loves it and likes to play with the puzzle .
 I bought this puzzle for my 3.5 year old daughter as she showed lots of interest in puzzles . This is a very nicely made toy , very durable and extremely helpful to have the wooden tray to put it together in . We have n't had any issue with pieces sticking together . My daughter loves this puzzle and takes it apart and puts it together a few times a day . She is able to put it together in amount a minute now.I 'd recommend this as a skill level for under 3 years old.I 'd also bought one of the 48 piece puzzles which seems at a better challenge level for 4-5 years old .
 I 've bought a few of the M&D ; puzzles . This is one of my favorites because the pictures are varied and big enough that the child can figure out what he knows and put the pieces in from there . For example , my grandchild always starts with the yellow bird , which then shows part of the fish bowl and he continues from there.One of the M&D ; puzzles pieces broke because they were violently pulled apart , but I used Elmer 's Glue and fixed it since they are made of wood . I 'm not sure if it was this puzzle ro one of the others , but other than size and thickness , they are all of the same material .
 my 2.5 year old loves this puzzle!it seems to be as durable as it can be as a wooden puzzle.I 'm getting more of these puzzles !
 My daughter just turned 3 , and she 's LOVED puzzles for several months . She loves this puzzle . The fact that there are several animals on this puzzle make it interesting for her and a bit more challenging.This puzzle is well constructed and is very solid .
 Great puzzle . Our 1 1/2 year old granddaughter will grow into it . Right now it is a bit difficult for her . Good construction , sturdy , colorful .
 Bought this for my 3 1/2 yr old granddaughter.This is her first `` free form '' puzzle . She lovesit . The pieces are large , very colorful , and areabout cute animals that she likes . The puzzle piecesare made of wood and are about the right size for littlehands . She `` solved '' the puzzle very quickly and hasgained lots of confidence as she continues to do it .
 I bought this for my three-year-old for Christmas and she loves it . Once she figured out where all the pieces went , she played with it over and over again . Also , she loves naming all the animals in the puzzle and making their sounds , and the pieces are big enough that she can easily put the puzzle together .
 Brio is the most durabile wooden train set on the market . It has outstanding durability and quality . No other manufacterer on the market can compare . These are a must for any train set . It allows the child to build entrances and exits to his/her train roadway . Excellent .
 I Love this toy ! It is a super toy ! I am thrilled to say that I got three puppies , and all my puppies are girls . I have decided to name the mom willow . I wo n't tell you her pups names though . This toy is awsome . All my pups are so cute . I really love the mother . This toy is a super toy !
 I really like brushing the mommys ears . the puppys are so cute ! I think they should make a version for boy that is less girly .
 `` Abbigail '' as my daugther named the Mommy doggie had THREE puppies . They are a bit homely , but you have to love them . My daughter got this as a reward . She has the kitten and bunny as well and has tea parties with all of them . The fact that the toy can come with 2 to 4 babies , and my daughter has gotten one w / three babies , four babies and two babies respectively makes for an extra fun time when opening the toy . These are fun and make great `` surprise '' gifts .
 Based on most of the previous reviews I was worried I would not be pleased with the Watchtower . However , after receiving and assembling it I was very happy with its quality . It is a complicated toy with many fun features . As with most complicated toys it has many parts that could be easily broken if mishandled . I think this toy would be more appropriate for kids on the upper end of the recommended age group.There has been many complaints that the toy tips over easily . There must have been a redsign because we have not experienced this problem.The best feature of the Watchtower is the single lever that casues the tower to unfold in a single operation . The second best is the elevator . A rotation knob causes the elevator to move up the tower . A lever causes the elevator to drop in one swift motion . A cautionary note , the directions -LRB- a small picture -RRB- do not make it clear that the elevator does not desend by the same knob that makes it go up . A forced effort on that knob could break the mechanism . A few words in the operating directions could have corrected this.The other features of the Tower are a trap , small spaceship , projectile firing guns , lights and sounds.Any young fan of the Justice League will appreciate how much the toy matches the Tower in the TV series.The original price of the toy was quite expensive but you get your moneys worth for how complex and heavy it is .
 First off -- no offense -- but if this toy takes you `` several hours '' to assemble ... Well , I 'll be nice . My son and I * love * the Watchtower . He has no problem placing his Justice League figures -LRB- this is a `` Justice League '' playset , after all -RRB- in the elevator , in the little spaceship , and on the landing platform . There 's a booby-trap on the ramp to catch bad guys , plus fun lights & sounds , and -LRB- of course -RRB- missiles to fire at evil villains . My three year old closes and opens the Watchtower by himself -- which I thought might prove tricky for him . It 's fun to see the playset folded shut , because it looks like the one on the cartoon . Along with the Javelin 7 spaceship , this is an awesome toy for kids of all ages ;--RRB- .
 My boys played with this toy constantly for a week after their birthday and still play with it every day . Their friends were more impressed with their Bat Cave but there are more things to do with the Watch Tower . I read the reviews about the legs falling off so I taped them on with packaging tape . The truth is the thing stands up fine without them . They are only decoration and the tape holds them in place without difficulty . With all the things that open and close and rockets that shoot and sirens that blare my boys are kept plenty busy . They love it and it was on sale ! What a great deal !
 My 3 year old son is OBSESSED with Justice League ! Needless to say he HAD to have the watchtower ! I too had read the bad reviews and ended up getting it here on Amazon ! Yes the three legs do n't stay on but after a week of putting them back on a hundred times a day I got out the superglue to secure them on and I have not had a single problem since ! Granted you do n't want to have to superglue a toy that should work on it 's own but if your kid loves JL just buy some glue too !
 Agreed - there is a problem with the supporting legs falling off -LRB- the other snap-on pieces also come off fairly easily . -RRB- Chalk it up to a design flaw.Since the legs are n't meant to retract or anything , I attached them -LRB- and all the snap-on pieces -RRB- permanently with Gorilla Glue . Problem solved . The thing can fall off a table now and it stays together.My son -LRB- 4 -RRB- loves the tower and now gets very excited when he sees it on the cartoon . Everything else on the toy works well ; he 's played with it quite a lot since Christmas.Don ' t be too swayed by the negative hype . It 's the most popular toy Santa left at our house this year . If you bought one and shelved it , a little glue can get it back into the playroom .
 Lots of people complained this was cheap and fell apart . Not so . My 5 year old has played with it everyday , and the parts that pop off can easily be re-attached . Besides , you ca n't beat the price .
 I do n't know what the rest of the unhappy people are talking about , but I easily built this toy , and my son likes playing with it . Yes , the three legs are very easily removed , and even fall off if bumped into , but the toy stands fine without the legs !!! As a matter of fact the legs were removed the first day by my son -LRB- 5 -RRB- , and the tower is still standing tall , and sturdy ! Instructions were fine , and easy to use . Parts are easily labeled with a small design matching to another design -LRB- example being a spade , diamond , or club -RRB- to ensure proper placement .
 ... and you have half a braincell to put it together properly ... this toy is awesome ! Bought it almost 3 years ago for my then 3 1/2 year old to play with & it 's still in one piece after almost daily play . Everything still in working order . Excellent toy .
 I bought this for Christmas . It was somewhat challanging to put together properly , but after that it was quite fun for my five year old . I know when she plays with this due to the sound fx .
 I bought this for my 2 year old son . He is now 3 1/2 and still bangs on it . It 's very durable and a good quality product . Remember , it 's more a toy , than a drum set , but a great musical toy !
 We bought this drum set for our 4yr old son & he loves it ! It was easy to assemble & it is very stable . It produces great sound & it will last for years !
 I bought this game on Amazon over a year ago . I finally unwrapped it and brought it to my Sunday gaming group . It went over well . This is one of those games that will jog your memory and even teach you a few things . Here 's how it works : There are five categories - Sports , Arts & Entertainment , Science & Technology , 20th Century and 21st Century . Rolling the die determines where you land on the board . After hearing the question , you must decide to answer it without the multiple choices or hearing them . Doing the former , a correct answer earns you the card and another roll of the die . Doing the latter , a correct answer earns you the card but your turn ends . An incorrect answer in either scenario ends your turn.You win the game one of three ways by getting five cards , either one of each of the five categories , five of the same category or a `` full house '' - three of one category and two of another . The one game I played went surprisingly quickly , we finished in about a half hour or so . The winner had a `` full house . '' The categories allow for a variety of questions in various subjects . Questions we got included headlines about John Lennon , Zachary Taylor -LRB- former U.S. president -RRB- , Hugh Grant , Lou Gehrig , John McEnroe , AIDS , 3 Mile Island and the Ozone Layer.We managed to get a few answers without the choices , but we also found that the choices can be very convincing . There are also five spaces on the star shaped board that allow you to advance to a category of your choice . This helps to speed up the game . Overall , a good game that tests your memory and may even teach you a few facts .
 I 'm very happy with these colorful , traditional fish windsock . They dance on the line like real fish ... and the golden eye catches the glint of the sun . Great product and the vendor did everything exactly according to plan . Highly recommended .
 After receiving this as a bday gift for my 5 year old , I was worried after having read the reviews . However , I found that my kids are having a blast playing with the batcave . Its been a sturdy and reliable toy , and is definitly getting used . It has inspired more creative playing , too . It seems that only the batman / justice league figures are able to use the elevator . Smaller teen titan figures got stuck and the door would n't open . Have n't had any problems of breakage , tipping or falling apart . So far , so good and the boys are happy !!!
 I was hesitant to purchase this because of prior reviews - however , I 'm glad I did ! Contrary to other reviewers ' experiences , it only took me 40 minutes to assemble , including stickers . My boys LOVE it . We also have the original Batcave , shaped like Bruce Wayne 's manor - there is so much more to do with this one , and the boys love playing with it . The toy does need to lean slightly against something sturdy , or the wall , but that 's not a problem for us . I would recommend it !
 This is the best toy ever ! I was worried after reading the reviews . `` Falls apart , impossible to put together '' but I found this a great toy . I am 12 and I put this toy together in 10 minutes . It falls over ? Well duh , you 're supposed to set it up on a wall . Even if you do n't you can put one of the bottom supports in front , the other in back . Seriously , this toy rocks . It 's great because it does so much cool stuff . It has an elevator that changes Bruce Wayne to Batman . It has a zipline . It inspires more creative scenarios for play . A great buy !
 well , my 3 yr old son really , really loves this one . when i was putting it together i was questioning wether or not it would hold up ... well , my three yr old son plays with it all the time , and pretty rough i might add , and we 've had no problems with it what-so-ever . this is one cool toy . mattel has done a great job with these new batman toys !!!!!
 This was a big gift from Santa to my 5-year-old son and it also gets played with by my 3-year-old son.I put it together in about an hour or so and that was fun for me . The instructions are relatively rotten , but I got it together . I agree that it is not the sturdiest . I had to clamp -LRB- AFTER superglueing -RRB- two important levels for the rappelling line to work . Whoever was in charge of getting parts to fit together missed the mark.BUT ... . I got this toy for $ 20 bucks and I was willing to do some supergluing ... so , the result is a toy that my sons love . There is a lot to do in this Bat Cave and they have a lot of fun doing it.We do n't have trouble with it falling over - we just lean it slightly against a wall - no big deal .
 My boys got this for their birthday and I put it together the night before . It is quite large and impressive and my boys ' friends found it their most impressive present . One friend thought it was the neatest toy he had ever seen . My sons actaually spent more time playing with their Justice League Watch Tower but this toy was next most popular . They already had all the Batman and sidekicks action figures to go with it so it worked out perfect . My sons still play with it every day . Well worth the money .
 My 5 year old son has the original batcave , but he had seen this one and really wanted it . It went on sale at our local TOYS R US , so I decided to give it a shot ... he was thrilled . At first when I saw all the pieces , I thought I 'd made a mistake , but it was really easy and fast to put together . The cardboard backing does n't fit properly , so we just took it off . The elevator sticks sometimes , but none of these things bother my son ... he still think 's it 's `` the coolest ever '' . Might not have been worth full price -LRB- from a mom 's point of view -RRB- , but it was worth every penny because my son loves it .
 I bought this wonderful toy for my 5-years-old boy 's birthday . Yes , I read a lot of reviews from here , and I know a lot of people had difficulties either to fix it or keep it stable ... that really worried me ... but still bought it since my son insisted . Then you know what
 This Batcave is fabulous . There is nothing else on the market like it . My son loves to stand and play and drop the guys etc. . I got this used with missing parts and I put it together myself -LRB- Mama 32yrs . -RRB- with no directions or pictures -LRB- came without box -RRB- . The contraptions are sturdy and snap on . Kids would have a hard time popping them off . Unless your kid is a maniac . My son is crazy about super heros and this fits and accomodates allllllll of his many many guys . Just brace it to the wall and you are good to go . Wonderful buy !! I am looking to buy again brand new since my son loves it so much I want him to be able to have the complete Cave/Fortress .
 WHEN I READ ALL THE HORROR STORIES ABOUT THIS TOY AND HOW TOUGH IT WAS TO PUT TOGETHER AND HOW IT KEPT BREAKING I WAS SKEPTICAL . BUT I BOUGHT IT ANYWAY AND I AM GLAD !! IT TOOK ME ABOUT 40 MINUTES TO BUILD THIS TOY AND I ALREADY HAVE 19 FIGURES ON IT AND IT IS STILL NOT CROWDED OR FULL . I TAPED IT TO THE WALL WITH MAILING TAPE AND IT IS JUST FINE-A COLLECTORS DREAM !! I DO N'T REALLY PLAY WITH IT BUT IF I WANTED TO IT WOULD BE A GOOD TIME !! I AM SURE KIDS WILL LOVE THIS TOY AND ALSO COLLECTOR 'S LIKE ME . THIS WAS WORTH THE 93 DOLLARS I PAID FOR IT !!
 Yes , this item may be a little tippy . But find a way to attach it temporarily to a wall and it stays just fine . My son plays with this all the time ! It is great ! He pretends with his Batman , Superman , Spiderman toys and uses his imagination to capture the bad guys ! It is a very cool toy and well worth the money .
 My son received the bat cave for Christmas . He LOVES it ! Of course , it required adult assembly . The adults did become very frustrated and annoyed at the lack of instructions . You would think the pictures would be enough ! Once it was up , we knew with one little push , everything would come crashing down . We had to superglue some of the parts AND we screwed it into the wall so it would n't fall over every two seconds . The plastic parts do seem very flimsy but I think it 'll stand up anyway . My son is only 3 and he loves this bat cave .
 I went through and saw all these horrible reviews on this product and was quite surprised . My boys love this toy ! They have loved playing with it . We had it together in 30 minutes and so far nothing has fallen off . t leans against the wall and does just fine . Awesome structure and Awesome toy .
 ... while I may think it 's not the sturdiest of toys my son loves it ! He got it from Santa and has played with it every day since . He is 4 and is using his imagination and having fun . I think that is what the toys is all about!I have read several reviews on different products where the parents are frustrated putting things together . Really if the children love it I do n't see what the big deal is.With all that said , my son loves his Batcave !
 The Animated Series Batcave is the best new sculpt of the Batcave since 1995 . Since 1992 there has been countless repackaged Batcaves that changed only in name , and sometimes offered a cheap figure . Even Mattel 's first offering was a repackaging of Hasbro 's apparently so way over produced Batcave . Presumably , Mattel was given all of Hasbro 's stock as well , when they purchased the Batman name.It is not a perfect Batcave . This , I will grant . However , many of the complaints I have read , I have not faced . When I opened the box , and saw all the many parts , I was sorry I opened the box . I 'm not very efficient with assembling things such as this . Nevertheless , I was impressed with how easy it was for me to assemble it . It was fully assembled within an hour ; and more likely , closer to 30 minutes . -LRB- It took me all night to assemble the C3 Batmobile , which was smaller , less parts , ect -RRB- . I have my Batcave on display , against a wall . That is a legit complaint . But , up against a wall , and , perhaps on a flat surface , it stands fine . Ive placed batman figures on the Batcave , and no problems as described.My big complaint was that on my Batcave I had to use poster putty to keep the background in place . I have no idea if this is a consistent problem . I suspect it would be , mostly because the background is folded , to fit in the box.It is very tall , and with some ingenuity , can be placed together with other incarnations of the batcave , and can make for a really cool diorama.I like this Batcave , and , think most collectors and kids will too . It is not problem free ; but , considering Hasbro was charging the same $ 40 for their millionth reissues , I was quite pleased with my purchase . And , now , I see TRU has it for only $ 20 ! All the better .
 I bought this for my toy collector husband - he loves it . Our 8 and 6 year old niece and nephew love it too . It was a bit difficult to assemble , and some of the pieces appeared pre-assembled as if it were a display model that had been re-packaged . All and all a pretty nice deal .
 After reading most of the reviews on this toy , I had to voice a short opinion . Yes the toy has a bunch of plastic parts , that even a rocket scientist could have trouble putting together . Yes , there are no directions - only pictures with numbers that match the parts on the box itself . Yes , the artwork on the box looks like you have purchased the most exiting `` Batcave '' ever created . Yes , the pictures on the box do not match what you see the first time you open the box.With all of the above negatives , one would wonder , why on earth would I rate this a FIVE STAR Toy . The reason is simple . When you see this in its full structural set-up , it is an amazing sight ; A structural work of art ! Keep one thing in mind , however . If you hate puzzles , make sure someone works with you while you are placing the parts in there correct holes.Go for it . When seen all set up , you wo n't be sorry . The architectural creation is amazing !!! Steve HorwitzHollywood , Florida
 I bought one of these for my first daughter 10 years ago . I just bought it again for my 4 year old and she loves it . It has a great new updated look . She was so excited to see how many puppies she got . Great Toy !
 I just bought this toy for my 4 year old daughter . She absolutely loves it and is playing with it every day ! She was very excited pulling out the puppies to see how many the mommy would have . I would really recommend this toy , especially to those who love puppies !
 My daughter just loves Puppy Surprise . She was quite excited to find that her puppy had three puppies inside ! The fur is quite soft and she loves using the brush to comb her puppy 's hair to keep her nice and pretty ! She takes `` Pink '' everywhere with her , tucked right under her arm . These dogs are great for little ones !
 I got this as a holiday gift . It is very cute the way you dont know how many puppies youll get . I would say , pink spotted is the best because , it is very smooth and , is a very cuddly toy!One more thing , YOU MUST BRUSH HER EVERYDAY !! for if you dont , her ears fur will get messy , but her fur does not get tangled.I say this is a must have for all dog lovers !!!
 I bought each of my twin girls -LRB- 19 months -RRB- a Puppy Surprise and they went nuts ! This is the ONLY toy that they lug around with them everywhere and refuse to put down . I had to buy it for them because when I was little I had a Pony Surprise and I just think it 's so cool that they have something Mommy had!Not only will they not put it down , but they are learning to share and play with each other since they both have one . They trade the baby puppies back and forth -LRB- Lily got 3 puppies and Lucy had 4 ! -RRB- between each other which they would NEVER do with any other toy . I 'm so glad I bought this because they love it and NOW they love playing with each other !
 My daughter nellie , Loves this ! -LRB- dont mind the kids review I was just too lazy and in a hurry ! -RRB- Nellie , loved the toy as soon as she saw it . She screamed `` Mommy look.look , look , look ! '' And I looked up to see her smiling face pointing at the ad . I decided to put on my jacket and go to the store . I got the adorable yellow one for her -LRB- just like she wanted -RRB- and hurried home . I gave it to her and she nearly burst with joy . She opened it up and she held the mommy dog . I urged her to open the stomach . Nellie opened it and she was to find but 4 puppies ! two boys and two girls . And one was a minature , Too precious!She likes to make up stories with her puppy surprize , but most of all brush the hair ! She enjoys styling the hair . Also the plush is a joy to sleep with for her . before bed she says `` Mommy , Puppy Puppy '' so i go get it for her . She refuses to sleep with out her puppy surprise!after having it for 2 weeks she still plays with it for hours ! I am so glad they made such a wonderful toy like this ! I completely reccomend such a toy ! Nellie loves it ! the age range would be 2-9 . I feel confident giving it to my little one , Geoffery , age 1 . Durable dog ! Has been beated with the flu and so much more you can imagine kids doing . Worth my money AND my time . I TRUELY RECCOMEND !
 Just like the others in this line by McFarlane , the figure is very high in detail and at a pretty good price line . However the lack of articulation still exists and the figure is best for display . It does come with a nice standing base . Over all just like the other figures in this line , it 's a must buy if your a fan or collector .
 This was my son 's first Melissa & Doug puzzle ; he received it for his first birthday . Over a year later , it 's still in excellent shape despite sticky toddler fingers , teething , and a very active cat who has a grudge against all things made of tree pulp . The colors are vibrant , and as other reviewers have said , the picture beneath the number does n't match the color of the number , adding another layer of complexity for children -LRB- and adults , since the 6 and 9 are largely interchangeable -RRB- . The puzzle helps him with his counting and number recognition , and is well-made and of durable construction . I would recommend that a 1-year old might do better with the M&D chunky puzzles -LRB- of which we also have a multitude -RRB- to start with simply because the pegs are a little tough for tiny fingers to grasp until the fine motor skills improve . Also , the numbers are narrow and disappear easily under furniture - we only just found the 3 hiding under a loveseat this week ; I was sure he had thrown it away during a `` helpful '' spell !
 very good for toddlers its easy to grasp them and put them in their place and its very educational , i love it
 it is a good learning tool . it is hand made but looks machined and i dont care . it does not have any burrs or edges and that is all i care . nice learning tool to have for your kid .
 Our 22 month old already knows her numbers . Sometimes mixes up 3 and 8 but I really think that this helped . She also is learning her colors and how to count .
 Our 2 year old loves this puzzle . She is very curious about the names of the number and counting the items under each number . She wo n't out grow the puzzle for a while , or at least until she is proficient at counting to 10 and even after that matching is fun . The product is good quality and should last through several kids .
 My children love the Melissa and Doug products ! All of them help my kids learn and they have such fun with the products !
 Another great Melissa & Doug puzzle . They do an excellent job of providing learning tools that are fun , I would recommend .
 My son learned his numbers so quickly with the help of this puzzle . He loves all of the Melissa and Doug chunky puzzles and I figured this would be great to help him learn his numbers . I was right ! Great present ! Highly recommended !
 My 2.5 yr old loves peg puzzles and this one is no exception . He really enjoys seeing the pictures underneath the numbers and then counting them out loud . Going to get the alphabet one too !
 this puzzle is great for little hands-also love the wood-well made-we have many melissa and doug products and will continue to buy them
 This numbers peg is great . I bought it for my 29-month old granddaughter because she loves the peg puzzles so much .
 My granddaughter loves the peg puzzles . She is almost 29 mos and is learning so much . Thank you for this product .
 You cant go wrong with these puzzles ! My son loves to play with them and discover whats under the puzzle pieces . It helps a child develop number recognition which is so important . Very well made and durable ! SOmething I will surely save for the next generation .
 I bought this for my great nephew - 18 months old who is already learning to count and learn his colors . I also got him a dino puzzle by Melissa & Doug . Both items are really great . They are very durable and colorful so he likes playing with them and putting the shapes back in their places . The number puzzle is fun because when you take the number out , there are pictures under each number for example - take out the three - there are three turtles -LRB- I may have the wrong animal but you get the gist !! -RRB- . His 3 year old cousin that visits often also loves playing with them so they have a good age range .
 My 2 year old daughter really enjoys this puzzle . Perfect for learning numbers and counting . I would recommend for anyone with a toddler . Not so much for babies as I have found they end up chewing a ruining the pieces ...
 I love almost everything about this toddler puzzle . I do n't like that it starts with 0 zero , since I 've been teaching to count starting with 1 .
 My 26 month old son loves Melissa & Doug puzzles . Very durable . This puzzle is probably better suited for a little bit older children familiar with counting or beginning to count .
 My 16 month old has been playing with this off and on for about a month , and she can now put every single number in the correct place every time without a second of hesitation ! Because the numbers are written below each space , she now even recognizes the WORD for each number ! Am I ordering the alphabet puzzle immediately .
 I bought this puzzle for my son because we ca n't afford day care prices and need some things to work with him at home on the basics like ABC 's , Numbers , Colors and Shapes . I have nearly every educational puzzle that Melissa and Doug have put out and I love them all .
 I bought this as a gift for my niece . She loves it and plays with it often . I would recommend this for the toddler set . This is durable and colorful as is the case with all Doug & Melissa toys .
 My almost 2yr old learned her numbers with this puzzle . It 's wonderful and easy for little fingers . This is definately not a cheaply made puzzle .
 I bought this for my 2-year old granddaughters for Christmas . They play with it over and over . I know I will be buying more . Grandma A.
 I was searching for a less expensive , wooden , number puzzle and this one fits the bill totally . It 's design has big numbers and easy on the little hands . I love it and so does my 2 year old . I also purchased the alphabet puzzle by the same makers .
 The pegs and the pictures do not match at all . So , the child has to count the objects in the space of the number and then find the corresponding number . Notice in the picture that they are not even the same color . So if your child does not recognize numbers yet then this puzzle will not work . I know the manufacturer recommends 24 month age but my son is doing other 24 month puzzles already . I 'm sure it will be challenging in a few months as he approaches 2 years of age and/or he learns to count . The 6 and the 9 are similar but not interchangeble.update
 My son just turned 2 and loves to do his counting with this puzzle . We also talk about the colors of the numbers too . It 's great to reinforce what he 's learnt at school .
 This puzzle has kept my son 's interest for a couple of years now . Because the pictures under the pieces do n't match the piece he really has to think about where each piece goes . It helps him now that he 's 3 to identify the numbers and count items to figure out where they go , rather than just looking at the shapes .
 Our son plays with this board while I 'm feeding him . He 's only 20 months , but using this board is helping us introduce the numbers to him . It 's well built . Arrived in only a couple days . Our son loves it !!
 My hyper active 20 month daughter loved it - while nothing lasts her interest for more that 2 minutes . . this kept her at one place for atleast 15 -20 minutes.I was hoping that this puzzle will last long . . but my daughter was able to chip a couple of blocks after 2 months of active use . -LRB- My daughter took out the door of our TV stand when she was 9 months - just to give you a perspective that this product is not too flimsy -RRB- . I definely recommend this product .
 This is an excellent number puzzle for very young children . The pieces each have a peg so little kids can easily take them in and out . The design not only introduces children to numbers but the pictures underneath illustrate the amount the number indicates . Great for helping kids grasp the concept !
 I teach mentally handicapped adults at a local community college , and if you want durable puzzles that your students can use over and over again , I strongly recommend getting puzzles like this . It 's durable and can get students to focus their attention . Worth getting .
 Overall I have been very happy with the Melissa & Doug products . My children -LRB- 2 & 3 -RRB- really enjoy them and have learned a lot from them . This puzzle is well made and the pieces fit very well . I do have to warn you though that it is very hard to keep track of the pieces .
 This is a great puzzle to have in a childcare center , the children love working with the different numbers
 I purchased several puzzles from Melissa & Doug . They are beautifully made . I would recommend them . These will last a good , long time .
 We have had this puzzle in our home for nearly 3 yrs now . Both of my kids have enjoyed playing with this . This seems to be my 2.5 yr olds favorite puzzle . My other daughter , 4.5 , also enjoyed it when she was between 2-3 . Even after all of the use it 's gotten , it 's still holding up well . Some of the pieces are chipped slightly and the pictures on the puzzle pieces and board are a little dinged up in places but not overly so for how much it 's been used .
 Melissa and Doug products are always my favorite - good quality , colorful , well thought out . My 2-1/2 year old enjoys this number puzzle !
 My son is now 2 . we bought this when my son was 21 months old . Since he loves to do simple puzzles we got this one for him . its great . he learned his numbers within a few weeks . great education toy ! the best way to introduce numbers .
 We did not buy this off Amazon . We had actually read some of the reviews on Amazon and were turned off by them . Thankfully , we found it at a local store on clearance , and when our son spotted it , he was immediately excited about it , so we purchased it . We are so glad we did ! As soon as we got it home , our son was digging it out of the bag and wanting to play with it . He could identify every number and knew just what to do . He took out all of the number pieces and placed them around the board , then one by one , placed each number -LRB- after correctly identifying it -RRB- back into its space on the board . This puzzle can be used to teach kids so many things
 My son -LRB- 20 months -RRB- has had this for 2 months and now knows 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 8 , and 9 . He loves pulling out all the numbers and has a great time throwing them around the house . Good times for all : P
 My 21-month-old has been enjoying this puzzle for months . He likes the colors . He likes the animals inside . He does the puzzle again and again .
 This is a very effective toy . After rolling a few 7 's or 11 's it becomes obvious that even a cursory examination will expose cheating methodology .
 My 10 yr old son loves his Hydrodynamic set . He has to do a bit of planning as he builds his own creations . Once built , adjustment to the water flow rate and direction are usually needed . It helps him understand that everything is affected by something else in the system . We have the deluxe set and use most everything in the set when building . I went to the pet store to buy more tubing and items not supplied but helpful such as `` T 's '' and a manifold usually used to supply air to different locations in a fish tank . I am wondering if the designers of this toy actually used the set . The large tanks require a fair amount of force to assemble as the green rings can be very difficult to press onto the tanks . In addition , being a teacher/engineer , the set could be made educational by explaining concepts of gravity , force , pressure , vacuum and flow . Overall , if your child likes building and water this is a fun one . I was thinking of adding one over my aquarium for fun . Enjoy !
 Okay , so I was looking for an educational toy . Since my son is knob turner and button pusher who loves to make messes , I figured this was just the ticket . I was right . Once the `` contraptions '' AKA factories are built , the water flowing and widget spinning , dripping `` mess '' is not only fun to watch , but allows for troublshooting of water flow issues through opening and closing valves to change the flow dynamics . A lot of fun . The only downside is that the manual shows very few canned ideas on what to build , and the pictures are a little hard for the kids to follow . If you just `` freestyle '' the building , it is much more fun . Be sure to have a couple of towels handy as when things go wrong at the plant , it can get wet ! Definitely recommend for the kids that love to tinker . And its not another VIDEO game ...
 My 10 year old son recieved this deluxe kit at the beginning of the summer . He loves to build-legos , knex , marble run etc. . He spent hours and hours for weeks playing with this kit . We put it on a short patio table in the bath tub in the spare bathroom . It stayed in there all summer with very little mess . At first adding food coloring was fun , but it got messy so I put a stop to it . He still played with it anyways , rebuilding and watching the water flow.Yes , some of the tanks are hard to put together at first . After a month , it all wears in and it is easier to change the tank designs without parental help . One hint about putting the brand new , tight fitting tanks together is to attach the flatter pieces first , save the pointy ends for last . I had good luck using shag rug on the floor to support the pieces when I applied lots of pressure . I think we ran one piece under hot water to expand it and then tried to snap them together.At the end of the summer we put it away , and a few weeks later he dragged it out again for another two week run . A great toy that stores easily when not in use . -LRB- Just make sure that everything is dry before you lock it air tight in the storage container . -RRB- This deluxe set is better than the picture that Amazon shows . `` Google '' it to see the difference between the deluxe and the standard model . Amazon has a great price on it too . I wish they made more toys like this . I would buy them .
 I had one of these sets when I was a kid so I got it for my son . We set up one of the factories and he played with it for hours . Spraying water , mixing in colors and soap , and just experimenting with the flow of water really held his interest . He now experiments by creating his own designs and flow patterns . This is now one of his favorite toys .
 This was a Christmas gift for my son . He really enjoys building different configurations and playing/controlling the water in the resulting structure . He may be too young -LRB- 3rd grade -RRB- to understand about the manufacturing processes the hydrodynamic set can illustrate ; but he loves to build things and take them apart and build something new - so the fact what he creates has no `` real world '' equivalent does n't really matter . He got the second set with the eletric pump as well .
 This was purchased for my 10-year old son who loves construction toys of all types.It was a little intimidating to start but once we did , it was great and went together fairly easily.It does not come with the kind of instructions that many are used to
 I love this toy for my son . He spends so much time manipulating it and discovering all that it is capable of . This is really his best toy ever . It is a bit difficult to assemble the tanks and green rings , but oveall I highly recommend this toy.Hydrodynamic Deluxe Building Set
 My 11-year-old son received this for Christmas and he and his father put together the distillation tower today . They love it ! It helps that my husband works in a chemical facility so he knew exactly how to put it together without the instructions . He 's been showing my son different aspects of how it works and what to do to get different actions . Well made and very worth the money . I 'd love to know what else this company makes !
 I bought this for my 8 year old boy . He likes Legos but I thought he might like this better . This was his favorite toy from Christams over a bike , video game , etc. . He needed help assembling the girders but we successfully made a working filter for our fish bowl . We used a coffee filter in one of the tanks for the actual filter and then a bunch of unneccessary other things for fun . He loved it and had me takes pictures and videos of it running . It was great to watch him react to the `` OOPS ! Water is going on the floor '' problems . Exciting and only slightly stressful but sense of accomplishment also . Great toy but I do recommend supervision unless it it used outside . The one thing I would change is the plastic tubing could be slightly small inside diameter so the connections do not come loose as easily .
 I read all the reviews before deciding to purchase this product through Amazon . Unlike many who mentioned the plastic parts not fitting correctly at first , we had absolutely no problems - even my 7 yr old has no trouble assembling the parts . He does n't have the patience for towers , etc , so he builds very simple structures , as his main concern is playing with water . My 13 yr old , however , has built some pretty complicated structures , however he prefers the bridge building set which we also have . Great product , excellent play/learning value - I definitely recommend it .
 This is a great toy for kids -LRB- and adults ! -RRB- who want to experiment and build , and see how hydro dynamics work ! Kids will learn how various systems work and have fun doing it ~ it 's a great hands on learning experience . You can build tons of different systems . Some of the cons ... the manual really stinks as far as directions and diagrams/connections go . Our son is nearly 12 and did a super job with this for the most part . However , when it came time to switch things around and make a different contraption , my husband got involved and discovered the same thing about the manual . It is certainly not cut and dry . The tubing that comes with it . Measure twice ; cut once ... as the old saying goes :--RRB- while they * do * give enough , if you cut pieces too short , you may run into a problem . Good thing you can go to your nearby aquarium or hardware store to buy more ! The initial connections -LRB- of the tanks -RRB- are difficult to assemble too . While some of my criticisms may sound harsh , I still highly recommend this kit . You just need to know that a parent may need to be involved in the building , and depending on the child -LRB- and perhaps their age -RRB- , they may become frustrated . Once you see that water flowing and the different designs you can make ... SO worth it !
 Great product will provide hours of fun for any child . Great for science fairs and classroom experiments . I highly recommend it for parents and teachers of 4TH to 1OTH grade students .
 The Hydrodynamic Delux set is a true to life experience for my seven-year old son . He mixes his Lego people with the set and plays for hours . We take the set apart and within one day he builds another `` factory . '' Furthermore , he likes to share his creations with his friends and has pride in understanding the basic principals of mixing and measuring on a factory level . What fun ! We would recommend this set to anyone with a curiosity that wants to learn and have fun at the same time . The pieces are well made and constructed . All coming in a neat package . Another mother saw Alexander playing with his set and purchased one one for her son 's birthday . Now , they combine the sets and have factory wars . Thank you for creating the Hydrodynamic Delux set ! A True Pleasure .
 I bought this toy for my 8-year old son and he loves it . Very easy to use , you get a fully functional construction pumping water into a web of pipes in under 20 minutes . There is a lot of space for creativity , as you can build many variations easily.I give it 4.5 / 5 because of two small issues . First , the snapping mechanism of the struts does not lock well , so some linked beams tend to delink when you are working on the structure -LRB- something for the manufacturer to change , just add a few thousands of inch to make them lock better -RRB- . Second , there is a need for a switch
 ... like me ! Well , I like that my teenage son is having fun . All the other reviewers seem to have 10 year old sons . This really looks like you could make a good simulation of an industrial plant . But not with the manual they give you . They give you pictures of what an ice cream factory or a plastics plant might look like -- but no explanation at all why they are set up that way , or what is doing what . Too bad ; there is a lot of untapped potential here.It was fun to see the same old girders like the girder and panel set I had decades ago . Except now the girders are black instead of red . The plastic seems less brittle than I remember , so there is less danger of the little pins breaking off.If your son or daughter has any inclination of going into chemical engineering , this is just the thing !
 My 10 year old gifted child has been fascinated with water since he was a toddler standing at the end of the driveway with a hose . This has been set up since Christmas and may never come down . There are LEGO workman and technicians crawling all over it . Hours of creative , educational fun . The best Christmas present this year hands down .
 This is a neat toy and pretty sophisticated , but manageble for a 10-year-old with help . It engages him more than the straight girder and panel building sets , though he likes them too . It would be nice to have more explanation of how the `` factories '' you can construct are designed to work if they were really making the products listed .
 My 11 year old is LITERALLY jumping up and down with joy . More challenging than Lego because no step by step instructions , just enough to make him think and figure it out on his own . Changing valve direction and seeing the results gets him jumping up and down again and running to the sink as fast as he can for more water . Another review mentioned the tanks were a bit difficult to put together , but she was right , all you have to do is put the ring on water tank and gently push on floor , no problem . We will be getting extra parts and more sets . Great toy .
 Got this for my nephew with the passion for experimentation . I figured water was safer than electricity was playing with before -LRB- and hopefully he wo n't mix the two ! -RRB- . This is a great toy for those would like to experiment , tinker and make things happen . I could even see using this for a visual demonstration of college-level process control feedback , or just great for for the kid who want to make a mess with a plant ` accident ' . No matter what , kids will learn about systems and how things interact . The kit comes with one big roll of vinyl tubing that you have to cut up ; naturally , you need to make many cuts as you will need many pieces as short as one inch long . I can see some kids having no remaining tubing pieces long enough to do some things after a while but more tubing is probably easy to find at your hardware or aquarium store . We got the deluxe kit but it did not contain the manual pump although it is not clear from the lacking manual that it is included . As others have said , the manual is poor and only contains one step-by-step example on a build and that is difficult to see all the connections ; then again , this is not the toy for the person who has to have everything explained . The tanks are difficult to assemble - I can see some sprained fingers ; hopefully , they get easier later . A parent may want to assemble the first few tanks . Overall , highly recommended .
 I love this , I dont have it yet but I had a pony suprise when I was about six and i absolutly loved it the pony i had came with 2 little baby ponies , a white one and a purple one as much as i loved my pony i have to say these are alot cuter . If you want to make your little girl -LRB- or even little boy -RRB- very very happy than get them this little puppy they even have tan and black n white ones 4 boys if they want one . hope this helps.xoxoxoxTaylor
 We purchased the pink poodle puppy surprise and my daughter could n't be happier . The puppy is well made , very soft and very cute!she received 3 adorable puppies with it and was just thrilled . She plays with it a lot and was so excited to get it and see how many puppies came with it . Overall a very cute and cuddly stuffed animal with bonus adorable little puppies .
 My niece fell in love with this toy the moment she saw it . A good companion for long drives .
 This is an amazing deck of cards . They are very easy to use with some practice and you can fool anyone into thinking you are a true magician . This is a great buy for anyone who likes card tricks . It is lots of fun .
 I may of been 10 when I got this dog , but I love her very much . I may of got this toy at Target , but it is the sam price . For a long time I have been looking for a mommy dog with puppies . When I saw that this toy did n't tell you how many puppies there were I was even more thrilled . You ca n't predict how many puppies a real mommy dog is going to have . I was very happy to find that I got two girl puppies who I named Pepper and Pippy . Somthing else that is great about this dog is that it tells you what the puppy is . This dog also comes with a collar and brush . I hope to get another Puppy Surprise .
 My 3 year old daughter absolutely loves this . One of the puppies is actually a runt and it 's entertaining to see how she relates to this phenomenom . It 's cute to watch her make sense of the different babies that come ` out of the mommy ' dog . She named all of the puppies and she is inseparable from this toy .
 This toy is fun . I got one on easter . Its pink and It had 2 girls and 1 boy . i got a got a puppy that was fat ! On my birthday i got one that was black ! Its fun get one !
 This toy is amazing . You can have 2,3 , and 4 puppies . I was so exited last Christmas when I knew that there was something in a box that felt like a puppy surprise . Sure enough , I opened it and Puppy Surprise was on the box ! I got 4 puppies and named them Zoro , Abby , Spottess , and Prinsess . The mother is Spotie . Another thing is that there will be a runt . Giant peanut shaped runt . It is so much fun to grab the mother and play with her and her puppies -LRB- Their favorite game is runnaway puppies -RRB- . My runt was Spotess . I have one boy and three girls . The mommy has a flower on her cheek and so do the puppies . The mother also has a flowery twincle in her eye . Since my birthday is soon I 'm looking at all the Puppy Surprises and writing down the ones I want -LRB- all of them -RRB- . This is a definant Got to save up for dog , or should I say dogs ?! .
 Great toy - kids love it . Great quality and really really cute !
 I am 11 years old and my neighbor and are always playing vets . Once I got the Puppy Surprise it has been none stp playing since .
 This is cool!Mommy 's name is Ella there were three but one ran away and tiny little Baby puppies are Arraiko -LRB- The Girl -RRB- and Zikkario -LRB- The runty boy -RRB- . They had a mess today so I took of the Mommy 's Scarf , the pups `` Diapies '' but not their collar.then `` bathie time `` and soon `` Nummy time `` and `` Nakie time '' . Thier fav game is `` Crazy Puppies '' . Remember to bathe , Play , Feed , Nurse and heal when sick .
 this toy is good for teach kids how to take care of o dog .
 they are very good and precise thank you very much
 My grandson -LRB- age 7 -RRB- and I have had a lot of fun building with these magnetics . We sit on the floor for hours coming up with new building ideas . I highly recommend this item .
 Bought for my little niece-she loves ponies so she was so happy to get this . She has a lavender one already so she was thrilled to get her `` sister ''
 My daughter loves horses and her room is pink and purple so this horse was a perfect surprise .
 this is a large blue eyes shining dragon figure from the Yu-Gi-Oh movie ! this is the coolest toy . you can have the blue eyes shining dragon in attack mode or in flight mode . it also shoots a blue missle . it isnt very educational , but it is a lot of fun . it is very durable and well worth the money .
 My son loves Yu-Gi-Oh . He ca n't wait to receive this for Christmas . $ 30.00 does seem like a lot of money for this , but the plain Yu-Gi-Oh figures are $ 20.00 a pack . Besides , this is the `` cool dragon '' -LRB- as my son calls it -RRB- from the movie so it is worth it to see him get so exited when he opens this . Note
 I do own this toy , and is a huge fan of the film , so this toy for me is very nice . It may not be very durable , or does much , or may not look like the reall thing very much , but that is why you can still pretend with it . The toy itself lights up and makes noises . Also , when you press a button on its back , its wings and legs spread out , so like the Duel Disk Launcher , it could hurt a real little kid , but not kids who know what it does . I still have fun with the toy , plus it doubles as a model for those out there who like the model Yu-Gi-Oh ! products . Although not one of the greatest toys to role of the line , but still nice to play with .
 Blue Eyes Shining Dragon is one of my childs favorite toys , it is large and movable with lights and sounds . It also shoots a spear like thing from its mouth . The toy is very durable and not too loud . My son can play with it for hours . It definitely made his birthday special - well worth the money !
 This toy is the best . I have always wanted one , but they were always sold out . I found one at TOYSRUS and it was at a good price . Now I see why they are sold out . This really is a cool place to get a cool toy .
 I highly recomend this toy . It was great . It has flight sounds and it roars . You can pose it and shoot its missle although mines tail keeps falling off the parts are simple to put back on and do n't come of with out some tugging but you can easily put them back in . I do n't recomend trying to pull the parts of becuase some of them might not go back on .
 this is the best one ive got and it is in perfect condition .
 the toy is pretty awsome . it is a lot of fun and really cool . the only problem is that the batteries die really fast .
 This item is a great gift for a megaman fan . But before you buy this I suggest you buy/rent/play the Megaman game -LRB- Megaman Battle Network 4 Red Sun/Blue Moon -RRB- so you understand how to play this game .
 My kid was looking this toy for a long time since this is not produced anymore and it is more like a colectible . We are happy to finally got it . It is working properly . Looking at the picture of the original toy looks like a feature is missing -LRB- like a cover that protect the screen -RRB- Anyway I am happy with the toy and with Amazon service.Best regards , Arturo Garcia Arias
 i have writen a preves review above.here are somthings i left out .1 all the parents gave it one stare.whats with that.thay should not rate it.it is a toy for us.it dosnt matter what thay think it matters what we think.also it is a fun toy if youread the INSTRUCTIONS.most of the parents were dumb enugh to not read the instructions.it is supposed to make a shaking sound.thats the motin sensor.i see nothing wrong with the toy and im 12 . my parents also agree it was worth the money.infact we boght the bass version for my 8 year old brother and the proto man version for my 5 year old brother who both understood it perfectly.i just wanted to speek my mind .
 this PET is so cool . after I got it I started buy battlechips and fight my bro . then for some reason my computer had a virus . so I went in with megaman . Thank goodness that I had the right chips or I would have been deleted . And it was all thanks to my favorite battle chip ... TIME BOMB . Now my computer is safe .
 I would recommend this to any diehard Rockman/Megaman fan . If you are just looking for a quick cure for bordom I would definetly not suggest you pick this up . Its good for a few hours of entertainment value , but after that ... If you are a Rockman/Megaman fan , I would suggest finding a Japanese -LRB- and only japanese , there are none in english , and will not be for some time if ever -RRB- Progress PET , or at least a Megaman Battle Network game , which are all great RPGs.In short , if you are a fan of Rockman/Megaman , go ahead and pick this up , even if it is just for collecting the chips , or for a little decoration on a desk at home -LRB- thats what I use it for , well , I do use it a little -RRB- . In my opinion , the last thing they are good for is a game . Well thats going a little too far , but the games of the Battle Network series are a much better way to spend $ 30 . So go ahead and buy this , or dont . It 's really all a matter of personal opinion . It 's not a waist of money , but its not really much of a gain.Personally I bought this for decoration , and the fact that I am a Rockman/Megaman fan , and I see nothing wrong with buying merchandise for it.P.S . The demo battery that comes with it dies very fast . In fact when a bought my second -LRB- Bass version -RRB- PET , the battery was dead before I even used it . You can find a new battery at any local drug store . Averaging at a price at about $ 3 - $ 4 .
 this toy looks really cool , but i think they should make it have better graphics and a better screen .
 Ok i am 10 years old and play all types of games i realy like this toy alot . However i do have trouble getting him to recover i have to shake it alot and even when my parents help me i still have to shake more . Has anyone else had this problem . I ahve to sake it realy hard .
 This toy is great and amazing . It is just like the show and the game boy game . My little brother and I are having lots of fun . The only thing I want to know is how to get extra battlechips . We want more so we could play bigger battles . We only have one pet which is Protoman and we really want Megaman . Well anyway this is a great toy and my brother and I are having lots of fun . Great job creating such a cool toy .
 Please i ca n't decide . I have NEVER seen , played , or touched an Advanced Pet . At toywiz.com com , they have all the pets you would want . Pet1 , Pet2 , progress pet.wHAT TO BUY ! I read everything i can to find out . I have $ 91 . I could buy almost all of them . But ... which one to buy ?! this one sounds okay . I never heard anything about the progress pet . But it sounds so good . So if you are willing to help me , post it on the next review . Then i will decide out of all three , which is the best , and until i find out , i will tell all megaman fans , about the best p.e.t. !!
 My son wanted it and got for a good pricethat 's all I 'm typing
 Hello I wrote this review to ask how to jack-in with the megaman advanced P.E.T. I just need info on the subject.Alright I am 11 and I do n't really talk like this . so if someone would tell me how to jack-in with this thing Iwould like it very much .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- it talked about a progres pet.it looks kind of like a gameboy advanced.the chips are also diffrent.thay curve at the end and are black.no joke it also talks about the advanced pet 2 as well . just thoght i would tell you what i learnd.oh and tell them protoman told you when you get to the site.it is the best .
 I love this toy wonce i got my navi to level twelve.I have 20 battle chips.My first three i droped broke . I 'm getting a new one . i 'm also getting the advanced peT holster . If you get the red one even though you dont get protoman buy the proto soul figure and get his battle chip that way . you 'll have protman well sortove at lest you 'll have his battle chip . This is what i like is it features the light they use to jack in on the show . AND the battle system . The battle chips enspelly the navi chips well thats all see ya .
 Here 's a tip - do n't shake it up and down . Turn the unit upside down so that the back of the unit is facing the ceiling and shake it side to side . My older son -LRB- 7 -RRB- uses that method and he can get it to recover quickly and find viruses as easy as pie . I actually took this sucker apart - the motion detection unit is actually a small metal marble that rolls over a circuit board contact - be careful taking it apart tho - its would be easy to lose the marble and then it would never work.The battery has also lasted for us 2 weeks under fairly strong use - he 's up to level 16 . My yonger son -LRB- 5 -RRB- also has one and while he 's not as enthralled - no problems .
 This toy is great ! U can use battlechips ! Just like the show ! Here are some places that u can get some chips : With The FiguresWith The Pet -LRB- duh -RRB- www.flashmanexe.comwww.toywiz.comAnd u can modify chips ! -LRB- thanks to www.pet-world.de.vu -RRB- What imean is that you can make any chip that you want ! And the number on each chip is the number one the chip . Say u want to collect all 300 chips , you would go by that number ! Email me at hamtaro@mindless.com if you have any other questions . = P
 I think the megaman PET is really cool . It is really cool that I can have my very own NetNavi like Lan and Chaud on the Megaman TV show . I get to fight viruses like Lan and enter tournaments once you bet 10 viruses.Then you can battle against rival NetNavis and use battlechips.I also like the fact that you can battle against your friends . The only thing I do n't like is that when Megaman loses a battle , it takes a long time to shake him back to full health . But I do a little cheat so I do n't have to . The cheat is this . If you are battling a virus and you know you are about to lose , leave the PET alone for 3 minutes . After 3 minutes , the PET should be turned off by itself . When you turn it back on megaman should be back on the standby screen and the virus should have ran away . Overall I think the PET is very cool .
 If you know your kid likes to watch MegaMan , then this toy is a must to get ! It 's a very addictive handheld game , but it 's like those classic video games we know and love like the days of the old NES . With this toy , you have to shake it in order to find enemies -LRB- usually weak enemies called viruses -RRB- to fight . In the game , you control a NetNavi -LRB- sort of like your very own character -LSB- in this PET , your NetNavi is MegaMan -RSB- -RRB- . The game itself is pretty extensive ; as you fight and defeat more viruses , you 'll eventually get invitations to fight in a tournament with super-strong enemies . The MegaMan PET works like an RPG , with each enemy you defeat gaining you XP . More XP equals more levels , more levels equals more chip points . You 'll notice how the PET comes with 3 free battlechips . These battlechips are inserted into the PET , boosting MegaMan 's attacks or defense against attacks temporarily . Battlechips come bundled with action figures -LRB- one at a time -RRB- at $ 8 a pop.PROS-Addicting gameplay-Comes with 3 free battlechips-Includes digital clock-Ability to battle with anyone else who has a PET -LRB- free multiplay cable included , only one per 2 players needed -RRB- CONS-Primitive sound -LRB- consisting mainly of beeps and music like those of old cellular phone ringtones -RRB- - Primitive graphics -LRB- consisting of large pixelated spirtes , like those of old cellular phones -RRB- - THE MOTION SENSOR - if it happens to break , your PET is rendered useless and there is no warranty . Remember , shaking the PET to only way to find enemies to fight unless someone else has a PET , and you can battle .
 i own this PET and its really awesome ! But the bad part is that its a cheap screen . And it only comes with three battlechips !! I loved this thing becuz in the animated series its fun destroying viruses battlechip after battle chip . and you can buy the battlechip packs -LRB- the BATTLECHIP PACK not the trading card game -RRB- at Target for 6 bux
 i just read a review that said that u should save your battle chips for when you in a hard fight dose that mean that you can only use each chip once if it dose then that would suckpart 2some one said somthing about a pet that lets you jack in i think he called it the pet 2 i think ive seen this before is it the same one that they use on bttle network three if it is than im gon na get it
 OMG ! this is sssssoooo cool ! it 's so much fun . The only down side is that u have 2 shake it a lllloooooonngggg time 2 actually fight the viruses , but it 's really worth it . The goal is to shake it enough to find a virus , but then u plug in battle chips , Things u can use to battle -LRB- get them in toys , booster packs , and with pets ' -RRB- , and use them to defeat the virus . But plan you 're strategy well , because if u die , u go into recovery phase and ca n't battle until ur healed . -LRB- u have to shake a LOT to heal . once , I walked around my whole neiborhood , and it still was n't healed . -RRB- And even though he ca n't ACTUALLY talk to u , he 's still my best friend .
 I LOVE MY ADVANCED PET !!! Although I wish I got the red version , I play it every day . There 's just one problem - the graphics are n't that good and the squeaky sound gives me a head ache . Luckily you can turn the sound off . Also , If any other reviewers say the batteries die in one day , they are WRONG !!! I got mine in March 2005 and now it 's the end of June and not once I had to change the batteries ! If you limit your time to 15 minutes or less every day , it should turn out very successful ! It also comes with a link cord so you can battle with your friends ! Only all of my friends think PET 's are dorky -LRB- I 'm 11 years old -RRB- and I wish I could link with someone ... Now if only I could crossfuse ...
 I have to say this is one of the best toys ever.i have the blue version and my brothers have the red and black versions.im 12 and i have seen many good toys in my day.this is one of them.also it is not to hard to figuer out.my 5 yaer old brother figered out his proto man vesion just by watich me .
 Yah , if you do n't remember me , I 'm the only one who replied this many times . Click on `` See All Reveiws '' and you 'll see all mine -LRB- probably -RRB- on the first page . Anyways , I finally got the PET , and it is n't so bad after all . Educational is obviously a no-no , for nobody likes those kind of games anyways . I 'm already at level 4 on my first day , but I still have trouble at the tournaments . I still have only three chips -LRB- finally found the site with the purchasable chips , definatly need a water element -RRB- , but I 'm fine . Why ? My best ... umm , `` attack '' chip is the one labled `` Attack +10 '' -LRB- * cough cough * -RRB- . Yes , I know . The manual states it 's a support chip , but it does n't support at all . I found out it works like the MegaBuster , but can instantly deplete all the energy out of your enemy -LRB- but I keep getting a Miss against a Navi , they 're quite agile -RRB- . Use this info , humans-who-already-have-this-product-but-is-curious-to-know-what-others-think , in a Netbattle against a `` friend '' / virus . The only bad thing is it uses the graphics of a calculator -LRB- come ON ! The NT Warrior site thinks an LED screen is `` COOL '' ?!? And what 's wrong with `` Battle Network '' ?!? What does NT stand for anyway ??? -RRB- , the `` Jack-In '' ability is not available -LRB- the series seems to think the advanced PET uses a wireless connection -RRB- , everything about stats is lowered -LRB- MMBN has MegaMan starting with 100 HP , the PET gives him 5 or something , and the sword is now ATK = 3-ish insted of 80 -RRB- , and my finger barely fits through the finger-thing -LRB- I forgot if the manual named it something -RRB- . It 's also kind of loud , so I frequently try and skip the scenes with the noise , or just turn it off . Nevertheless , this is a great device , and I 'm guessing that these things are going to be outdated by Dec 31 , 2009 -LRB- MMBN was in 20XX , but now MMBN4 is in 200X , meaning the PET wo n't be lasting for 90 years as they said -RRB- . If you want them , better get them quick . Otherwise , it 'll be like wearing wooden shoes when running a mile .
 I Cant wait till christmas then i will get my advace pet i seen what it could do so i cant wait.hey does it come with a jack in cord so u could like jack in to ur computer and add stuff.If so that joint is cool right protoman -LRB- yep -RRB- !!! hheehehehe im 14 years old and i approve this toy to be the best .
 I just recently got the megaman pet and it is a lot of fun . I play with it all the time and i am 13 years old . The only problem is that you only get battle chips through the toys . When you by the pet you only get 3 battlechips . The game is easy and hard to play.I think it is the best game ever
 When I was 5 , I got this for Christmas But my Dad returned it -LRB- Which was very stupid of him . -RRB- And now hes ordering the PET again.Hooray!I have 20 battlechips
 I GOT THIS GAME FOR CHRISTMAS WHEN I WAS ABOUT 9 OR 10 . I WAS SO EXCITED THAT I COULD BE LIKE LAN AND CHAUD . BUT THE HORRIBLE THING IS THAT YOU HAVE TO SHAKE AND SHAKE AND SHAKE SOME MORE ! IT IS TERRIBLY ANNOYING BUT WHEN YOU GET TO BATTLE IT ROCKS . I LEFT MY PET ALONE WHILE I GOT REALLY INTO SKATEBOARDING BUT I DUG IT BACK UP FOR GOOD TIMES SAKE . AT FIRST I ALMOST FORGOT THE CONCEPT OF THE GAME BUT ALMOST INSTANTLY YOU REMEBER IT . IM GON NA GET NEW BATTLECHIPS SOON . I HEARD YOU CAN GET THEM IN A PACK AT TARGET ! -LRB- NO OFFENSE GUYS YOUR MY NUMERO UNO TOY STORE ! -RRB- THIS GAME IS FUN IF YOUR PATIENT AND IF YOU LIKE SHAKING STUFF . THE GRAPHICS KINDA STINK AND THE SOUND CRACKS ME UP WHEN I HEAR IT . WHEN YOU GET THE BLUE PET THE CHIPS YOU GET ARE ATTACK +10 , HEAT SHOT , AND CYBER SWORD . I HAVE TO SAY MY FAVORITE IS ATTACK +10 CAUSE IT KILLS YOUR ENEMY ALMOST INSTANTLY . I DONT LIKE THAT THE VIRUSES CAN AVOID GETTIN HIT BUT HEY THATS THE WAY IT GOES ! -LRB- I MEAN IT IS A GAME -RRB- I ALSO WISH THERE WERE NETNAVI TOURNEYS . HEY MAYBE THERE ARE . I REALLY WAN NA GO HEAD TO HEAD WITH SOMEONE -LRB- VS -RRB- WELL L8R.YOUR # 1 SK8R CUSTOMER , SPAZ . -LRB- IM A GIRL ! -RRB-
 I love megaman nt warrior ! it 's totally cool ! I have n't bought the toy yet but I 'm going to , my brother and sister like the show to were all buying PET 's soon , but from what i hear it 's pretty cool , i think all kids should buy it even girls , hey i 'm a girl and i ca n't wait to by it ! and my sisters buying it ! i 'm not sure about how educational it is , but the show 's about computers so thats good . i 'm 13 and i 'm so glad they made PET 's , the first time i saw the show i thought when are they gon na make PET 's ? and here they are ? this toy is great and so are the megaman action figures!oh ya the megaman nt warrior PET 2 is cool tooo !!! and i think that everyone will have a fun and an awsome time with this awsome toy !!!!!
 Some people are saying things like the kids doing reveiws don ' even have the system.If that is true for some people then so be it , but it is not true for me . It is definatly not usless junk . Sure the graphics are n't the best and it recwires alot of shaking , but who cares ! it is a great source of fun for almost any megaman fan . And this is coming from a 10-year old who , by the way , owns the system !
 hEy my nAmEs steveN AND i think theSe megaman pets are soooooooooo coooooooooooooool i havint goT 1 yet but i CaNt waTe untiL i do hey yu know the chips u use to baTtle with but ive bin hearing some of you say the only way to Get battle chips is buying the action figiurs buT thats not the onlY WaY thiers a web site called www.toywiz.com and U can BUY batTle chips off of their sogive it A sHot anyway this pet Thing soUnds Realy cool like i said i cant wait to get 1
 This PET is the best EVA !!! I mean , who does n't want a toy as awesome as this ? Battle with Megaman by your side ! The coolest thing about it is THE BATTLECHIPS ! They look just like the ones from the show , the PET reads them and does different damage for each one , and they come in ACTION FIGURE CASES !!! ATTENTION ALL KIDS THAT DONT HAVE THIS
 I want to buy it but its too expensive at wal-mart online -LRB- although its out of stock -RRB- its only 12 dollers and i m willing to wait for them to get more but if prices went a bit lower like $ 13.50 i would be willing to buy it from u so if u put it a bit lower i would gladly buy it thanx for liseningyour coustermer , Tyler
 The Plug-In PET is not coming to America . The season of NT Warrior is already over , Axess is airing now . They would have brought the Plug-In to America before the Adanced PET . It would n't make sense to make the Advanced PET while NT Warrior is showing , then make the Plug-In while Axess is.The Plug-In is extremely rare . I have one , do n't buy it . The battle system is terrible , and the battery dos n't last that long.Either buy this PET , or buy the Progress . I have both . The Progress is the best out of all ...
 THIS GAME ROCKS I LOVE IT AND IT IS SO FUN OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
 who cares what he says i can say what i want he sucks only if he puts it down i dont care if he dont like it plz repond whoever its harsh if i think it is if any of you dont like me you can kiss grass i can get over myself now saying get over your self is harsh like i said kick rocks
 THIS TOY IS THE BOMB!this toy has the looks , graphics , & the talents !!! even though i have not played it , i think this toy is very , very , very , cool!when i get my PET , i will go bananas ! 3 questions :1 . how many battle chips can you use at one time ? 2 . can you jack in to any thing ? 3 . where can you get battle chips?THATS ALL FOLKS !
 Hi i got this game by trading my brother for some stuff he wanted and i started playing it and was disipointed cause you have to shake it so much . But luckily i figured out how you can get in battles and stuff without having to shake it at all . But it depends on if you you have a massage chair or not because if you have one you can set your magaman pet on it and it shakes it !!! I was so glad when i figured out how to get in battles without shaking it because my arm was hurting now i find the game real fun . I hope this review helped you see yah .
 It is amazing even though the best one is advanced pet verson 2 i have all the pets exept for the new beast witch i orderd yesterday . progress is ok but the lvs are to long.the advanced 1 is very cool . -LRB- ... -RRB- . hope this helps .
 Plug In ! Rockman.EXE . TRANSMISSION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! DO n't buy this toy at Target . It is a rip off . It costs about $ 30 - $ 40 !!!! This toy is cool but it does not have Cross Fusion or Soul Unison . . You should buy the Advanced PET 2 instead if you want to use cross fusion or soul unison . THe Advanced PET 2 should come out when Lan 's PET breaks in the anime . You should also buy the Progress PET -LRB- from Rockman.EXE Stream -RRB- because it looks cool . You press the symbol thing -LRB- the NetNavi Symbol thing -RRB- to open a slot to Slot In the Battle Chip . It is also CUSTOMIZABLE !!! and its an RPG !! you get to walk around and stuff.Pokemon
 I got this yesterday and it was awesome ! Yeah , you need to shake it a little , but when you meet a virius , there is a beeping sound , and you battle ! It is amazing ! You should get one ! I sound like an ad person but I just like it madly . You should get it .
 Yes , it 's me again . I have a right to do so . Anyways , there are some people out there who I noticed are complaining that MegaMan is in ProtoMan 's PET . Well , on toywiz.com -LRB- I 'm not trying to sponser them or trying to get people to go there -RRB- , they sell the Japanese version of the PET , and it will actually give you ProtoMan if you choose the red PET . They also sell battle chip booster pack , single chips , and the original PET found in MMBN 1-3 . My PET is the English version , but I think there 's something wrong with the battery . The manual says it 's due to low power , but it occured only 6 hours after I bought the product . I 'm gon na check with a new battery , and my advice with the Attack +10 is wrong , it obliterates only Lvl 1 Mettaurs , Billy 's , Volgear , and `` Shumps '' -LRB- those things that look like shrimp -RRB- . Everything else will just lose a lot of HP .
 This toy is fun and good.But when you have to shake the toy alot.THAT IS ANNOYING!I have the blue PET.Right now I 'm LVL5 .
 this thing is awsome.the battle chip system is great.my favorite is widesword from protoman.i figured out that you had to shake it upside down.it started taking me forever to heal megaman , so i took it apart.i lost the reset button , so now i use a pinhead to reset it.if it takes you like 10 minutes to get on bar of health flip it upside down.now i fight viruses like crazy.and i get level ups faster.this is an awsome toy.see ya .
 hey the number on the battlechip is the ammount of times you can use the weapon . Does that answer your question
 The Megaman PET is great ! If you do n't have a lot of time to shake it , I do n't suggest this super awsome toy . The batteries also die easily . It comes with a link cable , but who else is going to have one ? Also , the graphics are n't to impressive . If you get this , go to Radio Shack and pick-up 3 CR 2023 watch batteries . It only takes 1 , but if you get into it , you 'll need at least 3 . Pros : Very FunLights and soundIt 's Megaman!Cons : Battery lifeGraphicsHard to find batteriesI hope this review was helpful to you . Any Megaman fan will love this for his/her Birthday/Chirstmas gift ! - Sonic
 Hey , Jake here . I 've watch all the Megaman series from the time I was 6 . When the new Megaman NT Worrior series came out I had to watch at least one episode . After that I was hooked . Ever since then I 've been waiting for a PET to come out . This toy is the coolest . It lookes exactly like the ones on the show . The battle chips are great too . The only thing I can say is bad is that it olny comes with three chips and as of now there is no way of getting any , unless u buy a figure -LRB- ... -RRB- , you can get 1 battle chip per figure . Other than that this is one of the best toys I 've seen in a while .
 Although the PET 's are an interesting concept , perhaps you -LRB- the customer -RRB- should wait until something more hi-tech such as one with a laser pointer acsess and the Net Nabby actually communicates with you . There would also de much better graphics . This computing power is n't feesable now , but if you wait it 'll be worth it .
 i own all three of these -LRB- red black and blue -RRB- but i have to say get the black . The black one comes with 10 battlechips and not only that it has more features . this one comes with three . Buy the black one with the metal man protosoul toy . it comes with the best battlechip . if you bought it just individually itsaround 35 dollars .
 this is a good toy , but i would not reccomend it for ages 6 and under . it is awsome because you can use battlechips more than once only you can only use a battlechip once every battle.I wish i could have gave it 2000 stars instead of 5 !
 this is good toy . it 's cool that you can now put chips in a PET , unlike the gameboy advance . it 's educational because it teaches tatics in you useing things for advantages . it does ` nt scratch easily and the power would be be somewhat better lasting than double a 's . it 's also very fun and it 's not just for 2 players , there 's one player mode -LRB- i think -RRB- . booster packs will come out soon . it 's great fun to play
 My freind Go ' -RSB- -LSB- ' it and it RocK $ !! i cant wiat to get a navi for myself !
 this game -LRB- or toy -RRB- is actully preatty fun if you get used to it i would not really recommend it for girls do you really see any girls out there playing megaman ? no reason girls could buy it sure but the boys who play the game would understand more
 i have seen the reviews and commercial and this thing is so awsome ! I cant wait to get mine this christmas ! Why buy this ? Because it pretty much brings the cartoon to life ! Yes it may have Mr. Game and Watch grapics -LRB- if u know who he is -RRB- but overall this game is like the show ! So the graphics come right back and hit you in the face because the graphics dont really matter . and one more thing ... . this thing , this thing is awesome !
 im 16 and i like magaman nt warrior the tv show and game but the pet cam out and i was happl my netnavi is protoman . but can you go in to computer with the netnavi or no him o but if my netnavi is deletd where did he go ?? . . but if you can go in pc with netnavi it will be cool for me and all kids with netnavi .
 why ? you ppl ask indeed why i write this are because THE 3RD SEASON DIDNT AIR YET . the best PET is the progress and the PET II yes igot PET I and II 3rd is soon time
 oh yea ! i love this new product ! -LRB- not a toy , a product lol -RRB- i could not b more plzd with the new advanced PErsonal terminal ! i recommend this to anykid who is REALLY in to netbattling.regards , James M. -LRB- my navi RocKeTMaN says hi too ! -RRB-
 This thing rocks . It is durable . Also easy to use . the character does not match PET though
 yeah i use to watch the show all the time until they stopped showing it then thats when me and my friends created lika a many game in scholl we had fake pets and fake battlechips and we always thought `` are they ever going to create a real PET and real battlechips `` and you no what it came out and it looks amazing cause on sunday the 19th of semeptember its my birth day so im going to get it
 This toy is so cool its the best toy I have ever had and i 'm 11I think evryone should get one so there would be alot of kids you could battle with
 the pet is preety cool its a nice sise and also if u want great game exp . buy more battlechips i cant give this toy 5 stars becuse when u die u need to shake it which is retadrded when i bought it at first i thought it would be a load of crap now i know that and if u buy it i want u to know
 Instead of getting this , just wait until November -LRB- I think November about -RRB- to get the Plug-in Pet . The Plug-in Pet 's are the ones from Megaman NT Warrior and Megaman Battle Network 3 . I foudn some information on the Plug-int Pet 's from a webste , this is an exact quote from the owner of the website . `` Rockman searches the Net for viruses . There are four possible areas
 Megaman Advance P E T are some of the best video games arond and on the plus side they have no educational value so it is a win win situation
 i 'm 14 but i dont care . i have n't got one of these cos i 'm in the uk but it looks really good and i ca n't wait to get one . but on the chips there 's a number screen near the bottom and i 'm wondering what that is . can a next reviewer please answer that . thanks
 This looks totally awesome . It belongs to Chaud right . Protoman is cool ! Buy this !
 Jake Song `` Jake '' -LRB- New Jersey USA -RRB- this is for you remember when you said ask you if anyone wants to know the glich to get any battle chip you want . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My friend had a PET except it was blue . It is unbelievable !!! The only bad thing about it is that u have to shake it 15 minutes to even fight a virus ! I want red which is the '' # 2 '' PET . U should get it . My friend said that he made up a chip called the `` sinqule chip . '' He made this `` dementional area '' to do this special power . It 's called `` down fusion . '' He says that it wastes all off your energy , but in one shot ... it defeats the guy your versing ! He says only one guy has it . HIM !!!!!! I think he 's lieing . But remember ... get it !
 This toy is the bomb especialy the using the battle chips . I love this toy foo !
 I bought the Hydro Greenhouse 2 offline at Toys r Us , as a gift for my girlfriend . I was rather disappointed when I opened it because its incubator case looked nothing like that shown on the box . It was made of flimsy soft plastic which could n't really hold on to its place , and really made the greenhouse aesthestically less appealing.However , it really worked like it said it would . Its instruction manual had a list of vegetables , herbs or flowers that you could grow -LRB- which was n't mentioned elsewhere -RRB- , so I 'm not sure if other kinds of plants would work . I planted two types of seeds -LRB- not included in package -RRB- - Livingstone Daisy -LRB- which was not on the list -RRB- and Marigold . Within 3 days , my marigold seeds sprouted , although the seed packet said that it would take 7 days . Whether this was due to the excellent conditions of hydroponics is unclear . My daisies have yet to sprout , though it 's only 5 days and the seed packet said it would take 2 weeks.Overall this is pretty cool . You do n't have to water them daily , or even take care of them , the water reservoir does the job for you , and you only have to refill it once a week . You also wo n't have to worry about weeds or bugs since you can keep it indoors and it 's covered up -LRB- I had a fly trying to build a next though , thankfully it was too fat to squeeze in the holes ! -RRB- There 's also a year 's supply of Nutrients to mix with the water . I wonder if normal fertilizers would work as well , since my area does n't have refills available.I 'll recommend this if you like growing plants but do n't like the hassle that comes with it . Highly convenient and delightful to watch your seedlings grow each day ! A perfect product if the manufacturers could improve on its incubator casing to make it more sophisticated .
 I read the reviews before I bought this product ... and it will come apart but I taped it and it works great . I think sometimes people expect to much out of things . But I am very happy and I am going to purchase a bigger one to use in a greenhouse .
 Okay I have 3 sets of these dolls and I think they are all awesome . They are well-made , durable & attractive . And despite what the previous reviewer says They are NOT AT ALL CHUNKY ! That is a load of hooey ! I think it 's also nice that these dolls are jointed at the knees so that they can either sit or stand . -LRB- I have a lot of small dolls that are NOT JOINTED LIKE THIS & BELIEVE ME , JOINTED IS MUCH BETTER ! -RRB- What 's more these figures are dressed very nicely & MODESTLY and are appropraite for any age over 3 . These are very nice , fun & wholesome dolls . These are my favorite dollhouse dolls of all time . 5 BIG STARS .
 I 'm glad FP updated the look of the grandma . The former version was wearing a granny gown and looked like she was the great grandmother instead . Grandmas of kids who are the age who play with these figures are not THAT old!I hate how Amazon 's prices change so quickly based on product availability . That makes so many prices skyrocket during holiday shopping season -LRB- sigh -RRB- . Case in point ... save some money by buying this exact item at Sears or Kmart where it 's a tad more than HALF Amazon 's price.Yes , like everyone else , I 'm disappointed that there 's no grandpa . You can find him on ebay if you 're willing to spend four times more than what grandma costs -LRB- especially pricey during holiday season -RRB- . Oh , and if you were hoping to buy a sister/girl figure but did n't want to end up with an extra dad dressed exactly the same way as the dad that already came with your Loving Family Dollhouse , consider buying a Ty Li'l Ones doll instead . That 's what I did . They even come with a pet dog or cat .
 My almost 3-year-old loves these dolls and the Loving Family dollhouse . She plays with them all the time . I think it 's weird though that the Grandma comes with a little boy , and that there is no Grandpa to be found . Also , the mother 's and grandmother 's hair get pretty wild-looking . My daughter does n't seem to mind though !
 I was very happy with my grandma figure ! Please see the review on Grandpa ... Thank you so much for helping me out !!
 I bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas last year along with the Fisher Price Dollhouse . This was just part of the furniture and furnishings . She is still having so much fun pretending . She is only 2 1/2 years old . I would recommend this to anyone at this age and above . The quality is perfect .
 I have not given the dolls as a gift to my granddaughter yet . I thought they were well-packaged . They looked well-designed and sturdy . Grandma looked modern in her slacks and brother looked well-designed . My granddaughter will enjoy playing with the brother doll while she is waiting for her new-born brother to grow .
 My 3 yr . granddaughter likes to play pretend . This is very good for that . A quite toy easy to take with in car or church .
 Grandma and a brother ? That 's just weird . I 'm a Grandfather of a Five year old Granddaughter and I , I ! , bought my Granddaughter the dollhouse and the full set of house furniture . What the , no , wtf were they thinking ? Simpletons rule the fricking world . Grandma ? Grandpa . Brother ? Sister . Idiots.That said my Granddaughter loves this entire set . Full on wonderful for her , and yes if they came out with Grandpa with a sister I would buy both sets , throw the older brother away and give her the rest so maybe their not idiots , just soulless vampires .
 The slot machine is very nice , it was shipped promptly and arrived in excellent condition . It is smaller than I had hoped but I do n't remember if dimensions were given in the item description . I would order from this seller in the future . We have had fun with it !
 This is a fun little toy . My son got it this past Christmas when he was 5 . When you get the winning three in a row , the machine spits out all of your change . You can put any coinage in the slot .
 We were very pleased with this toy bank . It is definately a conversation piece when friends drop by our little home Tiki Bar . It is a bank and a tiny slot machine rolled into one . Not intended to be a `` real slot machine '' , it works just as described . For people who play slots just because it 's fun and are n't trying to win a fortune , it 's an entertaining game type of toy .
 Gave as a gift . Person loved . Be aware , the only way to get out the money is to get a winner . She got great joy when she did , and the money came out .
 This machine was no longer available but I was notified the very next day of the status . They substituted a more expensive machine and eveyone at my casino party seemed pleased with the different machine.Very fast delivery , they next day shipped it and I had it for my party that very same day .
 of course some of u seen my reviews for the old power ranger megazord.this one is one of the fast boring ones.tor the shuttle zord was from season 2 of mmpr -LRB- mighty morphin power rangers -RRB- this megazord is fun to play with only if u got the thuderzord and tigerzord.without them this can easily get boring.tor can change to a megazord but doesnt do alot of things.when its in megazord mode it just stands there and the head of tor just changes to a megazord head.nothing really to do till u get all 3 of the zords.if u have the red dragonzord , thunder assault team , tigerzord and tor the shuttle zord u can combine them all to form the thunder ultrazord.tor 's shell opens up and u put the tigerzord inside the shell and close it up.u put the thudnerzords on top of tor 's shell when the thunderzords go onto the platform mode.there u got the thunder ultrazord.pretty good when they all combine but always good to see old megazords.this toy is good when u are also watching all the old mmpr season 2 shows .
 The Power Rangers Tor Shuttlezord is a great toy from the 90 's . It can hold the White Tigerzord inside of it as the turtle , or in it 's robot mode , hold the robot mode of the White Tigerzord or Red Dragonzord . It can also have the ThunderZord Assault team ride on top when it 's a turtle . Tor is pretty durable except for the lightning bolt on it 's head which could come out easily , and some of the gold plates are a little loose , but they can be crazy glued to prevent that . It probably has the least movable parts of all the zords given it 's bulky frame , though it too has lights and sounds and can be rolled across a smooth floor . Though it 's transformation is simple it 's still a great toy .
 I 've been a fan of Power Rangers since I was five , and Tor is one of the most underrated zords . He 's a way cooler shuttlezord than Titanus .
 This WHF doll is my favorite and she wuz my 1st WHF ever . She is awsome . I love how you can change every peice of her clothing and even draw on it , too ! The wig is so pretty and easy to remove . -LRB- Yes , you can even chage her hair ! -RRB- You can use the stamps to make a face , or draw on her face freehand ! Whatever you do though , you 'll have fun with this doll ! -LRB- I hope they come out with a Whats-HIS-Face ! -RRB-
 I bought this doll for my 5 year old daughter for christmas . I did n't want to because it look freakish to me . However , I did because she really wanted it . Now I am glad I did . We have had a lot of fun putting on different faces using the stamps it came with and making up our own .
 I LOVE this Dora doll and all her dress up sets!This is a very cute dress and accessories !! There is even a dora show where she wears this dress we discovered to my kids delight!the tiara doesnt fit the best but is still a great dress \ up doll system !!
 I bought this toy for my seven year old daughter . She was so excited to see that she received three puppies and had fun figuring out whether they were girls or boys . She 's very soft and much easier to put the puppies back in than the original version . I really hope they bring back kitty surprise as well .
 So glad they brought back this classic toy . My 4 year old daughter hasnt put it down . She was so excited to get 4 puppies !!
 Got this on a whim for my 4 and 6 yr olds at Christmas and very surprised how much they liked it and continue to play even after nearly 2 months . They have a younger sibling and are both aware of babies coming from the mommy 's tummy and were very interested in having some interaction and control over this by being able to take the babies in and put them back -LRB- if only ! -RRB- . Would be great if you are expecting and preparing them for a sibling . Yes , they got the runts -LRB- who says they are males , please ! -RRB- , and that is an important fact of life . You do n't get to choose , you get what you get and I applaud the manufacturer for challenging kids to be a bit more accepting of differences and those that are less than perfect . In the real world , a mother dog would take these away and let them die . My children had to think about what to do and eventually choose to accept them with the others . Although they may not be as favored as they others , I am pleased to have a toy that makes them think on their own about morals and values . I had no idea when I purchased it but I now agree with them and am getting them for gifts . We do n't all turn into swans , mother dogs and cats are not ` bad ' for rejecting runts , and kids can handle the realities of life , better often than adults .
 I had a Puppy Surprise when I was a child , I believe they were released about 1991 . I was * obsessed * with it . Eventually , I lost the puppies but always loved the mother no matter how old I got . Now , I 've bought a new generation one for my little girl and they are as adorable as ever , even though the puppies have beenn `` updated '' and are a bit smaller and less `` real '' looking . I admit to peeking in the box before she got it for Christmas to see how many puppies it came with ! I ca n't think of a nicer toy to give a girl , unless they come up with `` Pony Surpise '' !
 the cool thing about it is that you never now how much puppies you will have 2 ... 3 ... or 4 ! it is a surprise ! are thay all girls ? or boys ? or girls and boys ... we may never no
 My daughter got this for Christmas . She was 4 at the time . She liked the toy for about a month and then it 's sensational value wore off . Do n't waste your money . If your child is a big puppy lover , she will adore it . My daughter does n't even care about the mommy dog now . She does like the little puppies that came with it , though .
 I got one of these two months ago . I have three puppies - two girls and a boy . The boy , Perky , and the girl , Sammie , are twins ! I did n't get any runts but I have two more puppy surprises at my house . They both came with runts . I also have a peach kitty surpise . It has two girl kittens and one boy runt . I named them Sunny , Maggie , and Kio . I want to get the black and white spotted puppy surprise next time I get my allowance . I read some of the reviews that some people did n't like having the runts . I think they are cute . I like the fact that you do n't know if you are going to have 2 , 3 or 4 puppies . I liked this toy alot ! I hope you enjoy it , too !
 I recently saw this toy on clearance at Target for 50 % off , so I grabbed it for my daughter . She 's enjoyed it so much , I would have paid full price for it.Hers came with two little girls and a boy pup which made her very happy . The mother dog is soft and cuddley , with a plush face rather than the hard plastic one from the old toy line . The babies are also completely plush -LRB- and are squishable -RRB- which makes them easier to fit into the mother 's belly . My daughter loves the fact that the babies cutie marks match their mothers and that each pup is slightly different from the other two.There was also a short note from the manufactor including a toll free number , so that if you were disappointed with the number of pups you recieved , you could call them , which I thought was great if your little one was disappointed.All in all , she liked it so much , we ended up getting her the new Bunny Surprise too , and Kitty Surprise is now on her wishlist . Definitely would recommend . : -RRB-
 My daughter loved her puppy surprise She grooms her and the puppies She got four puppies 3 girls one boy ? The boy well was different and offended some of my family members and I was told to throw him away but I thought that was ridiculous . he is cute Well , where the other puppies had a head body legs and snout and looked like little poodles , he is just an egg shape with a face and sewn on paws He is just different but she loves him just the same
 this toy is GREAT ! I play with it lot ! I got pink and white one love my frist one so much I got a puppy surprise again ! My frist Puppy surprise Mom 's name is Honey Then her puppies Pinky , Daisy and puggy . Then my black and white puppy surprise mom 's name is bell and her puppies Dixiey , frixey and Angel . The puppies favorite game is Surp puggy ! I hope I get a Kitty surprise and a Bunny surprise soon . To see more puppy surprise or Kitty surprise , bunny surprise Go to Petz5ladey to see more puppy surprise , kitty surprise and bunny surprise1 : -RRB-
 Ohio march and no snow . I bought this for my Kid and could not wait to see him ride it But , Like I said no snow this year Bummer , All in all Its a cool product I ca n't blame them for no snow so Ill tell you all next year weather it works good .
 I was extremely surprised that my son put down cars - his true passion - to play with this ! It keeps him busy doing different things for a long time . Great for travelling also . Highly recommend this , do n't just go by the age in the box , my 4 year old has a lot of uses for these pieces ... Good for girls too .
 My 14 year old recommended these for her brothers 3rd birthday . They were a HIT ! Not only do the kids love them but so do the adults ! Grandpa sneaks them out after the kids go to bed -LRB- he is an engineer ! -RRB- . These keep my 3 & 4 year old busy for long amounts of time . They love to see how many they can get to stick together . In fact , we have asked for more for Christmas !
 This kept my grandson busy for a long time and they are very durable . He made many different things with them .
 this goes great with my KISS collection . very cool item . and will show it off as much as possible thanks
 Just like all the outfits in this set , the soccer set is soooo easy to put on , even my just turned 5 year old can do it with no help . She loves to make Dora kick the soccer ball around . The warning says it 's a choking hazard , but while I would not intentionally give it to a young child , I do not worry about my 18 month old getting ahold of the pieces because they are very big .
 This Dora outfit is adorable ! My Grandaughter is collecting these clothes for her beloved doll . They get played with constantly but are holding up very well . They are made to last . We both love these outfits .
 This set of assorted short tracks is hard to avoid if you want to create a track layout of even an intermidiate size . The male-male and female-female pieces will provide a dramatic increase in the number of layouts possible as you can now overcome the problem of curves returning to the starting position.This is a must-have for any Brio enthusiast .
 If you do anything besides build a simple circle you will find you need these . We bought two sets of these because of the two innies and two outties pieces . We needed more of those types of pieces . They are absolute musts for any family who enjoys building elaborate train tracks.These are sturdy well made and have been strong enough to hold up through countless set ups , tear downs and hours of play.Well worth the money.Enjoy .
 My boys , ages 8 & 4 , absolutely love Imaginext ! We have the construction site , the rescue center with paramedic station , the police station , the costal patrol and now the rescue chopper . All of the vehicles & figures are very durable and stand-up to whatever my 4 year-old dishes out ! The pieces are interchangeable and easy to snap together too . And all of the sets are so life-like ... it really stimulates their imagination . In my opinion , these sets are better than anything on the market today .
 My son who is four got this toy for his birthday . While he does fully comprehend how to make it go on its own , it is very fun . My husband & I taught him how to do it by racing Batman with Flash motorcycle . He got the hang of it within a few minutes and even want to sleep with it . it is just pure fun !
 This is a quality product . Brio puts out a great wooden train track . They are wooden , well made and have held up to many years of use at our home.The more different sizes and items you have for your track the more your track can change from a simple circle to a large fun track . We have several sets of these to play with at our home.I would probably buy these after I have bought some of the extension kits with the more specialized track pieces and after I had some of the smaller pieces available for purchase.Well worth the money.Enjoy .
 You will need these to expand your Brio set . They are very robust and will not break unless really abused.Also look at the other Brio track expansion kits to add a larger variety of tracks . Often you will need a selection of the shorter straight tracks to close the gap in your track design .
 This track is very well made . Younger grand kids like to chew on it , but the wood is very well made and would be hard to damage it . I ca n't see any reason it wo n't last for years . Works perfect with Letter train and Brio trains , easy to connect and disconnect .
 BRIO is the most durable and has the best quality wooden train on the market . These are a must have for any extended train building . We have several sets of these and my son uses almost all of them whenever he is train building . Great pieces .
 This is a present for my nephew . I do n't see anyeducational value to this game . I used to play thisgame in the arcade . It is a lot of fun . You have tobe quick enough to not let the worm join itself back.Keep you hands on the trigger . Blast away!Enjoy !
 Very cute . It is designed for the small and the very small love it.Cute .
 I have been able to use this camera to spy on my brothers . It took seconds to set up . It was definitely worth the value of the product . You need a TV that has a video `` in '' plug .
 excellent product , but has a very short range of reception and battery life is short lived . You have to adjust the tuner several times before obtaining a good picturem , but not bad for a childs toy as beginner . would recommend to younger kids because it is a fun toy .
 Much better than eBay ! it 's all good !!!!! It came with all parts and works fine . Gett one for yourself ! The price is right !!!
 The camera works fine and was easy to setup and use . I 'm not good with distances but I 'm guessing the range was about 200 ft
 I bought this camera with the syma 006 Alloy shark -LRB- RC helicopter -RRB- to make an airsoft UAV to spy on the enemies . Allthough I bought them together , they shipped them separate to make it faster , plus the allready fast amazon shipping , I got it in two days ! allthough the picture is a little blurry -LRB- dont worry I mean a Little -RRB- Its great and comes with a little stand , screw mount and a battery inverter . I might put a little something about the camera in my reveiw for the alloy shark ONCE I GET IT !!!
 This little camera is perfect . I was able to set it up in seconds and the pciture quality is good , especially for a small camera . I use the AC adaptor because with batteries its good but I was afraid they 'd burn out just when I needed it to work . Overall good kit for a newbie !
 I was expecting this to be junk , but I was clearly mistaken.The gun just plugs into the television and off you go . There are plenty of levels and the difficulty increases at every level . I suspect the whole paintball thing is marketing gimmick directed toward violence adverse parents . I seriously doubt playing this game aids much in paintball training , but it is none-the-less a great game , especially for the price.Now as for the shipping , that is a completely different deal . I ordered this on the morning of the 21st of December . I went ahead and paid for expedited shipping . In theory , I would have received it by the 24th if it had been shipped by the 22nd , and there was an outside chance I would have received it by the 24th if it had been shipped early on the 23rd . However , it was n't sent out until the end of the day on the 23rd . Whatever . Maybe they do n't understand Christmas and presents . I would have just figured a toy ordered before Christmas with expedited shipping might be intended as a last minute Christmas gift and hopped on my horse and mailed it off .
 My 8 year old son adores this - he likes that it goes all the way up his arm so it 's easier to hold on to in `` battle '' and also he can pretend it 's an extension of his arm . The foam darts are fairly soft -LRB- they have n't broken anything yet ! -RRB- and are easy to fire . The sword is fairly rigid but not too bad . Overall , for a toy weapon , this is a pretty good deal because it 's a sword AND a dart gun . Also , no electronics to break or make annoying noises - he has to make his own ! I would recommend it for fantasy battle play .
 Now this is not just a toy for the boys . Girls can have hours upon hours of fun with this handy dandy little toy . This shoots fun missle shaped foam darts so any girl can pretend to be megaman 's sister Roll . She is so cool by far the best charicter yet .
 We have several of these pieces . They are high quality , typical for the Brio name . They have stood up to many many years of playing by my three children and their friends.The one negative point is that you can not control which way a battery operated train will chose to go on this track piece . There are others that you can control with a small switch which way the train goes . We enjoy those and use those more often than these . However , these are less expensive and still add to the fun of building a train .
 BRIO is the most durable and has the best quality wooden train on the market . These are a must have to be able to extend the railway and your child 's play . It is excellent in helping him/her in problem-solving skills in the process of developing/setting up a railway .
 this is a cool toy because it comes with 16 itim pluse 2 sticks and it can fire a missel this is a cool toy
 My daughter is 3 and she loves all of the Barbie items but they are still sometimes too big and hard for her to play with . I finally convinced her to try out Barbie 's sister Kelly with this Jumpin Castle playset and she loves it . The playset was not hard to put together - it only took me about 5 minutes . The only thing that did not impress me with the toy is the cardboard cutouts in the box that you fold up to be presents for Kelly . We just tossed those but the toy itself is great and is teaching my daughter how to pretend play .
 My -LSB- child -RSB- received this for her birthday this year . It was quite a quick process to assemble and easy to attach Kelly to it to get her `` jumping '' . I was a bit worried as to how durable it was going to be with my daugther pounding on the lever to make Kelly jump but to my surprise it has stood up to the enthusiastic lever pounding quite well.Also surprising to me was how well it actually works - I was a little sceptical - but it works really well and has given my daughter and her younger sister hours of fun.The Kelly included in this set has jointed knees so she `` jumps '' really well .
 We bought this for my daughter for her 3rd birthday & she really loved it at first . She especially liked it when her older cousin showed her that she could put other small toys in the castle & pop them out and across the room . However , she lost interest soon after & I have n't seen her play with it in the 3 months since her birthday .
 We love this water toy . We have used it in the tubbie , on a water table and in the kitchen sink . I have also given it as a gift . The only issue I have though is the fact that the wheels start down low so there can not be too much water or it must be raised up to work properly . Other than this I would highly recommend it as a great water toy !
 My son was absolutely enraptured with this book before he showed interest in any other toys . The crinkling of the pages would always catch & keep his attention , and it was the first thing he could interact with & get a response . It went everywhere we went , until it got lost at daycare one day ... I am buying another of these for # 2 -LRB- on the way -RRB- , as this is a diaper bag essential !
 We actually got this crinkle book as a gift from a Disney set -LRB- from Sam 's Club , I think -RRB- and our son LOVED it as a baby . It was one of two toys we always gave him when he was in the car seat . When he was really young -LRB- 3-6 months or so -RRB- we would hang it from the car seat handle , and now that he 's older -LRB- 6-13 months -RRB- , we just hand it to him . We just love hearing the `` crinkle crinkle '' from the back seat when we 're out and about . He plays with it and chews on it and it still looks almost brand new . I agree with another reviewer that it 's more of a toy than a book , but I still ca n't wait for him to be able to read it ! I highly recommend this book .
 This is a cute , bright little book -LRB- emphasis on little , there is a cover page , one page in the middle , and the back cover page -RRB- that my three-month-old likes . I think it is overpriced online ; I bought mine at a well-known supercenter store for $ 4.80 . The crinkle pages and little flaps that fold down are interesting to baby , and the dialogue is simple enough that my two-year old nephew had it down after two readings -- he was thrilled that he could `` read '' this book to his baby cousin . I 'm hopeful that my baby will like the teether pages -LRB- both the cover and the back page have the plastic teether parts -RRB- once she starts cutting teeth . I 'm very happy with my purchase , but again , I bought mine for about half of what this item is listed .
 Baby had this early on , but did n't really use it until about her fifth month . She mostly chews on it .
 This toy is with the 2nd grandchild now and is still holding up great . It makes the crinkle sound with just the slightest touch so it is an attention getter with even the youngest child .
 It 's a simple , inexpensive teething crinkle book but my son loves it ! It has colorful bright Pooh illustrations and a couple hidden surprises . Great for chewing on too so it 's perfect for the teething crowd .
 I am so glad I purchased this little book because my baby plays with it every single day . She is 6 months old and I bought this for her about a month ago . She loves touching it , flipping the soft pages and loves hearing the crinkly noise it makes . This is her favorite toy .
 this pooh book is really high quality and very pretty , my lil one loves chewing on it and loves the crinkle noises it makes . it quickly became his fav teething toy !
 My 3 month old absolutely LOVES this toy . It is the first toy she has taken a real interest in and it is so funny and cute to watch her play with it !
 We have two of these . One for the car and the other is in the house . He loves this toy . Everyone should buy this if you have a baby .
 This is a great gift for new or expecting parents . Babies are going to chew and scrunch the pages of any book . Getting the hard cardboard like books is just a waste for really young children who are more interested in chewing than reading . If your really want to get a book for an infant then I would recommend this . The teething pieces are great for little mouths and kids will love the sound the pages make .
 My grandaughter has two of these type of books and really does n't use them . This one is very cute , crinkles nicely and is a good size for baby hands and mouth ! However they are not her favorite toy .
 this product is great , we almost got it online but it was $ 4.50 at Wal Mart so clearly we purchased it there . If you can get to a wal mart I would sugest saving over 50 % and just buying it from them .
 My 4 month old son loves all of his soft , crinkle books and mommy likes that this one can attach different places so that it does not fall to the ground . Adorable Pooh images and peek-a-boo windows . It is small , not much of a `` book '' really , but a young baby can manipulate it easily and that 's all that matters .
 The toy makes an appealing `` crinkle '' sound , and it 's a little bit smaller than other similar books on the market -- so my 4-month old grandaughter can handle it a bit better . I was extremely pleased with this toy -LRB- as was the baby -RRB- !
 It was shipped promptly and exactly what I was looking for and came up when I did a search for it . My 6 month old son loves it !
 We have one of these , and while we 're not always able to work it into our layout on the train table , it 's definitely been in some of our favorite configurations . Plus , it provides for that all important `` train crash '' action when two engines are trying to cross at the same time !
 The original Tedco gyroscope is great fun while it lasts , but you might want to invest in a heavier duty model -- this particular one gets bent out of shape the first time you drop it on a hard surface . I give it four stars because it introduced me to the sheer wonder that is the gyroscope ; everyone who plays with it is amazed and wants to know how it works . Get one for every kid in your family , and maybe all the neighbor kids too . Science was never more fun .
 This is a really fun toy . I had one as a kid growing up , and had to buy myself another one . This one seems a bit less durable than I remember , if you pull hard on the string , the inner wheel jumps out of it 's holes . I am fairly confident that Gyroscope is no longer made by the same company that used to make it . But its very fun , and very interesting . You will need to oil it though , to keep it working properly . Just 2 drops of multi-purpose oil does the trick .
 This is all you need if you want to have an introduction to gyroscopes . It is a simple gyroscope that will amaze kids with its ability to balance on a string , top of a pencil , finger -LRB- with a little practice -RRB- etc. y son has played with it enough to have worn out the string . That is more play time than some if not all of the other `` educational '' toys we have purchased -LRB- microscope included ! -RRB- . You can not go wrong with the price .
 I always had a gyroscope of some sort kicking around when I grew up and this is by far one my favorites . The plastic ones , no matter how durable , always seemed to break . This is one of the most durable metal ones I 've come across . While it may not be completely educational in itself it will start that spark of curiosity to get kids to learn about how it balances . I 've always been a fan of the more retro toys and still enjoy playing with gyroscopes , slinkys etc!I would recommend getting some Replacement String as well , even though this version comes in a plastic case with kids it can sometimes be hard to keep the string and gyroscope in the same place !
 I 've purchased several of these as gifts for children I mentor in the public school system . I like them because they are educational and durable and hopefully are an item the child will keep for a long time .
 I gave this to my friend who is 75 and he is having ablast with it . He ask for it for Christmas .
 The gyroscope was shipped and received very quickly . The product was in excellent condition . Just like the ones I played with when I was younger . My nephew loved it . Thanks .
 Works great with the inflatable crayola outdoor easel ! Easy clean up , I do n't even use a hose , just a wet sponge and comes off clothes too ! I highly recommend !!!
 This was a hit at our play group . The kids had a blast . For clean up I found that if you spray it with a hose and then sweep it with a push broom it comes off easily . Will definitely buy again .
 My wife and I see the value in exposing our kids to arts and crafts , but parents constantly have to watch every move they make -- b/c the minute you turn around the dog has been `` Picassoed '' . This wonderful product takes all the worry out of arts and crafts -- and the mess associated with it . Who cares about the mess now ? It 's all outside . The world/driveway is their canvas and they can go crazy . The rain will wash it away -- or just a hose . Mom and dad do n't have to watch their every move.It comes with a great paint tray that adds tremendous value to the product . Simply pour the paint in the tray and off they go . Whether they are using a brush or the paint roller , it works beautifully .
 We 've bought this several times for our kids , now 4 and 6 . They LOVE painting our driveway , and the colors are very vivid and bright . Even when the kids pile one color of pain on top of another , the colors remain distinct and really pretty -LRB- unless they mix the paint , then it becomes BROWN ! -RRB- . Washes right off the kids and their clothes very easily , we 've never had anything stain . I saw some comments about difficulty washing off the ground ... we would n't THINK of washing it , LOL ! The kids love looking at their works of art until the rain eventually takes them away . Highly recommend ! perfect for sidewalks and driveways : -RRB-
 My 3 year old is in LOVE with paint and this makes the whole idea of `` Painting '' more bearable for me . Instead of cleaning up paint messes on the carpet , on her and on the walls - I can sit her down on the sidewalk with this and she can paint away on everything -LRB- including the trees -RRB- to her heart 's content . Wish they offered more colors , but being able to teach her that Blue + Yellow = Green is also a bonus .
 I do n't know who had more fun playing with this - me or my daughter . Lots of fun , and washes out SO easily .
 My daughter really enjoyed this . Paint does n't last long . Washes off sidewalk and clothes fine . Would recommend for the kids to enjoy .
 Ordered it to go with similar gifts for my Grand Daughter and she loved it . I would highly recommend it
 I bought this for my 6 year old for his birthday and he loves it . I have to buy more cause he has almost ran out of the paint . Its lots of fun and my teen even has been playin with it ! Great fun for a family to play with .
 These dual sided switches are a very nice addition to a Brio train set . The plastic switch moves firmly , yet smoothly , to change the direction of the trains.Our three year old son is able to move the switches easily . At first he had some trouble sliding the switch all the way into position . Whether the switch needed to be worn in , or it was a training issue , the switches work well now.It took a day or two for our three year old to grasp the concept of the switch changing the direction of the train . Since understanding it , the train has become even more fun that it was previously . It 's also made it easier for more than one person to play the trains since it 's easy to direct a moving train away from another one on the track . The addition of an Intermediate Railway Expansion set also aided this.The switches also taught our son a lesson in planning ahead . Before a train gets to the switch he must anticipate the direction he wants the train to travel.These mechanical switches proved to be a fun toy and a good educational investment .
 The mechanical switches are a wonderful way to add new fun to my son 's Brio track . It seems easy for him to operate the switches and it adds a new dimension to his layouts since he now can redirect trains as they move about . They are a little pricey , but appear durable and well worth it .
 We got exactly what we wanted BEFORE it was supposed to even be shipped according to our records at purchase . Excellent service , oh , and the choo choo is fun , too !
 Even though it 's a bit pricey for what you get , it 's a fun addition to your collection . It gives the little engineer another interesting way to manipulate a train , especially battery operated trains . I would recommend buying more than one set/box if you have alot of track - it 's fun to keep changing the direction of the trains to make them follow the many different directions of track . I have one set now and plan to buy another .
 If you have the small curvy pieces and the extension pack and if you have the pieces with the two innies and two outies , this would be the next set of train pieces I 'd suggest.They are fun and add a whole new dimension to your track building . They are also neat because you can switch the track and control where the train goes . Sometimes the plastic gets a bit sticky and we found a little bit of pam spray or olive oil will keep it operating smoothly.As all of the Brio pieces are well made , this one is too.Well worth the money.Enjoy .
 If you are looking for a traditional style cradle , this is the one for you . Our baby loves sleeping in it . I was able to attach the infant stim mobile from manhattan toy co. . I get compliments from everyone who comes to visit us .
 I have had this cradle for a little over a month . It is holding up great and looks great too .
 It would appear that the idea behind this valuable reference guide was that it become a mainstay of study in this in-depth and exotic world of United States pattern , experimental and trial strike pieces , and it looks like that idea has been fulfilled . I would also add that with this fairly new research guide , there is more information available to interested coin collectors in this realm than ever before . Up until now there was Adams and Woodin , Judd , Pollack and now this reference book , one which is quite essential to anyone attempting to build a library in which to study this most interesting area of Numismatics . As a professional coin dealer I strongly recommend the aquisition of this great reference book to all who are interested in this area of US coinage .
 No extra pieces , so nothing to lose . Fun and easy to play for kids of all ages . Highly recommended , made for a great stocking stuffer !
 I bought this for my friends daughter for her birthday . Her mom is a dentist and they all enjoyed this gift .
 This is the best children 's game ever . The youngest toddlers may be a little afraid but it is a hit for 4 years and up .
 My 3 yrs old loves it though a bit afraid from being bitten so she forces the mouth of the crocodile to stay open at times.Durable I can say so it was dropped already a couple of times and it is still okay . It is a fun game for play-dates too .
 When you have children you are always looking for ways to keep them entertained . This simple toy offers 15 - 20 minutes of entertainment and nervous laughter . Other people take notice and they want to join in.Great for waiting rooms or short car trips or even waiting at a restaurant . Not to be used too often or it looses it 's appeal.Although it 's meant for smaller children , big kids and adults see the fun and want a turn to see which tooth will be their demise . Everyone wants a try to see when the croc will bite down or how quickly they can get their finger out of the way.Great ice breaker !!!
 Bought this for our then 3 year old son last Christmas . Love this game . No parts or batteries to worry about . The excitement of when the crocodile will chop is great even for our now 2 year old . The game plays fast so no problems with waiting turns . Give this to everyone you know !
 This was bought for the 4-year-old in the family , but the older kids -LRB- 6 and 8 -RRB- got a kick out of it as well.I 'm still not sure exactly what it was supposed to be teaching -LRB- other than to count teeth quickly before the mouth closes -RRB- but it 's safe to say the kids were entertained.The four year old did lose interest after a short while , but he does go back to it fairly often so I think the four stars awarded here are a pretty fair rating.The device is a little easy to break though . We had a third-party-child who is a lot rougher on toys than our little ones and he pretty much tore the head right off immediately . Luckily the head does pop back on , and the toy 's operation does n't seem to be severely affected . I gave it three starts on the durability because it just looks like something that could be permanently made inoperative if played with like that for a while.But again the 4-year-old was entertained and everybody 's happy , so all and all , it 's a pretty good gift for someone in this age group .
 I love this game ! I bought one 15 or so years ago when my son was young , good first game as it helps teach turn taking . Little kids love it when the crocodile `` bites '' you ! Even timid kids get into the game after an adult gets bitten a few times . Bonus that it 's portable , no loose pieces , I purchased this one for my niece 's three sons -LRB- under the age of 5 -RRB- and have given it as a gift over and over , really fun game .
 I got this for my 4 yr old for Christmas . I thought it would be bigger then it is so it ended up being a stocking stuffer but it is still super fun . It ended up being a good size because we can put it in a backpack to take on trips or to the doctors office to him occupied . The best part of the game is the anticipation on when it is going to snap closed adds to the excitement . The only down side is the head will snap off if it 's opened too hard which happen with a 4 yr old sometimes but it 's easy to put back on .
 My kids have this game and we wanted to purchase it for my 2 year old nephew . It is easy enough for young children and fun for older children.I was surprised by the small size . It is about half the size but same price as the original crocodile dentist my children have . This site did not mention the smaller size . It is not labeled as travel size.Even with the smaller size , this is a great game .
 I have n't gotten a chance to give this to my children bc it 's a birthday present . But it 's specifically for the long rides to see Grand Parents and it should do quite nicely .
 I got my `` crocodile dentist '' about a year ago - ever since I have n't been able to do anything else . It 's the best pet I 've ever had - we named it Sparky . It does n't need to eat or poop - it just bites you -LRB- unless you take its head off which can be repaired -RRB- . It does not need batteries and will last a life time . It 's something you can pass down from generation to generation . Sparky has changed my life .
 This is a fun toy and better than I expected . It is not very durable and sometimes the teeth stick down , but overall it is enjoyable . My older daughter loves to play with me , but it is even easy enough for my 1yr old to play too . It 's also small enough for the younger one to hold . Their surprise when the mouth snaps shut is adorable .
 Both my 4-year-old and 1-year-old love this game . It 's simple rules and no setup makes it easy to play and understand . The kids find the suspense very exciting . I will say that both my kids were able to pull the top jaw off of the crocodile in attempts to force the mouth closed . Fortunately it easily snapped back on .
 I got this as a gift for my 5yr old and he loves it . It 's cute , but smaller than you 'd think and definitely overpriced at $ 13.99 plus shipping . In a store , I would n't pay more than half of that price for this toy . Be prepared
 I thought it would be larger and more like the older version of Crocodile Dentist , but was still very pleased . We all enjoy playing with it and it is the perfect size to pass around and play .
 My kids -LSB- 4 & 5 -RSB- first tried this toy at my Uncles house . Immediately they got the concept and were going tooth by tooth waiting to get chomped & would squeal with delight every time those teeth clamped down . My husband and I decided that since they liked this toy so much that we would get it for them for the holidays . So happy we did . They still love it . Definitely no educational value whatsoever but they have a blast playing it :-RRB- . Would recommend .
 My nephews grew up with Crocodile Dentist and absolutely loved it . It is the one toy that had to be taken along on trips and cheered up the kids when nothing else could . The younger ones were thrilled by the possibility of having it snap at them , and the older ones figured out a subtle way to find out if a tooth was safe or not . Highly recommended .
 I purchased this toy because my son liked it when he played with it at a friend 's birthday party . It is a lot of fun from his point of view . No real set-up , fancy rules , or parts to lose , so it is great from my point of view too ! We made up our own rules , he who gets bitten first is the winner ! I 'm not too concerned about the ` educational value ' - it is just silly fun ...
 We found this at a thrift store for 50 cents . Needless to say it is worth what I paid . It keeps my under 5-yr-old crowd enthralled . My 16-month-old enjoys it the most , so I do n't believe it 's very scary . I played with it first and laughed at it closing down on my hand . Do n't know if that cut out the scariness factor , or if my kids just were n't scared of this toy to begin with .
 I am a Speech Therapist and this is a toy that the children with whom I work -LRB- 3,4 , and 5 year olds -RRB- ask for over and over again . They just love it ! I have the small travel one which is perfect since I travel all around for my job . If the child is too afraid to push the teeth down I give him/her a tongue depressor or my pencil so the crocodile bites that instead of the child .
 When my -LRB- now teenage -RRB- kids were small they loved this game , so I knew I had to find one for my three-year old nephew . It came in really fast and on Christmas eve we had a blast with Logan and the game .
 I 've used this game with kids of all ages , including children with special needs . It 's a good idea to demo the game first to show them what happens -LRB- and the unpredictability -RRB- . Kids that have issues getting their finger `` bitten '' can use a pencil or popsicle stick to press down the teeth . The end result is always lots of laughs . On the adult front , it could be a good drinking game : -RRB-
 Bought this for my 3 yr old boy , but my 6 yr old boy likes playin with it too . My younger boy is a little afraid of the mouth snapping shut but still likes to play with it . They did figure out that the tooth that causes the mouth to close is harder to push so its easy to cheat . So we made a rule that once you touch it , you got ta push it ! :-RRB- I would recommend this toy , its fun .
 The kids love the surprise aspect of this toy -LRB- as well as the adults -RRB- . It is much smaller than I had expected from the picture shown . After I got over that disappointment , I realized that the smaller size makes it much more portable .
 We bought this for my 3 year old son as a Christmas gift . Truthfully , it was more of an afterthought - almost like a stocking stuffer . We started playing it with him and we quickly found out how much fun it is . First off , there are no batteries needed and no loose pieces to get lost . We LOVE this!However the biggest reason we like it is that ANYONE can win this game , even my 3 year old son . Most , if not all , of the games we own require some sort of skill to play and win . Winning Crocodile Dentist is based on luck - all Joe has to do is push down on a tooth . So he has just as good of a chance of winning as does his big brother , mom , or dad.I HIGHLY recommend it for young ones - in particular if they have older siblings who seem to always ` win ' at everything they do . I promise it will quickly become one of their favorites !
 We are on our third crocodile dentist ! It is a wonderful wonderful toy that my developmentally delayed preschooler and his typical friend all LOVE . But I carry it to the park in a large toy bag and the past two copies have broken ... when you press a tooth it wo n't stay down anymore . A good way around this might be to keep it in a box of it 's own.This is also a wonderful toy for parents following the RDI Steve Gutstein social therapy for children with Autism . Because this toy has an element of surprise , as you press each tooth you never know if this is the tooth that will cause the jaw to snap shut ! Note
 This game is wonderfully simple . It comes fully assembled and has no removable parts to lose . Every time you open the croc 's mouth a new tooth will act as the trigger to make the mouth snap shut.You can play a winnerless version of this game where the point of the game is the surprise for all of the players when the crocodile snaps at one player 's finger . By playing this game so that there are no winners , I have taught my little one the value of taking turns for the enjoyment of all .
 My daughter recieved this for Christmas when she was 3 . SHe is now almost 5 and still loves to play with this toy . It is a great game to play when mommy is too tired to actually get up and play something that requires energy . She has learned how to tell when the Crocodile is going to snap . But she laughs hysterically when mommy or daddy gets bit . I highly recomend this toy !!! Is is wonderful enjoyment .
 This thing bites pretty hard !!! I love to play it as does my wife . My 4 year old daughter likes to carry it around , but is afraid to play it . She gets scared when it bites .
 I have this toy in my 5th grade class to play with , so I bought it and it was awsome!I just did not like it when I first got it , it chomped down on me really hard .
 My son who was 4yrs old when he got this toy and loved it and is still playing with it . Also its great for the entire family .
 I love this game and ordered it for a Christmas gift . Be aware that this is the SMALL/TRAVEL version of the game . I did not expect that when I placed my order .
 I bought this for my 4 year-old , and the whole family loves it !! It 's a simple game , but we have marathons . . we never know who will end up getting `` chomped '' ... I am buying this for my daughters friend who will be five in a few weeks . He plays this every time he is over . I highly recommend Crocodile Dentist Puzzler for a fun family game !!!
 I purchased this for my 1 year old . He loves it ! Sometimes he gets a little nervous and he 'll take my finger and make me push the teeth down ... but either way he 's laughing the whole time !
 We just got this for our 2 1/2 year old and 4 1/2 year old . They love it . The 2 year old is a little scared but he will play sometimes and he really likes to watch . The 4 year old loves it , especially if you make your reaction to the gater bites dramatic .
 This is a great toy for young kids 2-4 . Our kids love it and are a little intimidated by it as well ... but they keep coming back to it and continue to be shocked when it `` bites '' them .
 This was one of those toy games that could be played by all ages . Kids love it , college students apply the standard drinking game to .
 I love this Crocodile . We 've had fun w/it since my child was a toddler . Grown-ups have used it instead of `` flipping coins '' over a task , to even block party silliness . It 's our one & only and has never broken . Oh , his jaw has been dislocated a couple of times but , snapped right back into place . It 's just a fun thing to have around & is a conversation piece in a party setting w/kids of all ages . You just have to have `` a little kid '' left inside you !
 I got one of these a couple of years ago at a zoo gift shop , overpaid for it but the kids loved it . They used it until the spring wore out . actually they are still using it until they get the new one I just ordered from Amazon . Great toy hours of fun .
 I bought this for my three children and they all loved it , it was well used for years . It was still in good shape after years of use so I put it in storage . I came across it , and I thought the students I teach might like it . I teach middle school . I put this on my desk and the students race to be the first in the class to play . They loved it so much , I went on Amazon and bought more ! I have 5 on my desk , they are used daily by 100 's of students , they are dropped almost daily . Students are not late to class . Students do not get tired of this quick fun and durable game . You should purchase this , it is perfect for on top of a desk , kids of every age love it !
 I had this game when I was a kid and decided to purchase it for my home for the daycare . This is a simple game that does n't require batteries . A good way to teach a small group of children how to take turns , also fun as an individual trying to get a personal best score .
 This was one of me and my brothers favorites so I thought my godchildren would love it , and I was right ! It is so much fun !
 Thankfully , our `` Croc Dentist '' game is not a lemon . Love the fact that this game has no clean-up ritual . My toddler has not complained about any pain -LRB- yet -RRB- when the jaws snap on her fingers -LRB- I feel slightly evil for stating that ... -RRB- . We love being kept on our toes with this game ! -LRB- And yes , I know that the true-to-life , actual Crocodile Dundee was killed in a bar fight in the mid to latish 90 's , but I could n't resist ! -RRB-
 This is a fun game . I played it when I was younger and just bought it for my 4 year old daughter . She loves it ! There are no pieces and parts to lose . About the only thing your child needs to know to enjoy this game is how to take turns .
 My kids had this game when they were little and loved it . So I bought one for the Grandkids for Christmas . Its a great game for pre-schoolers + . It teaches little ones to take turns , no reading , no counting and no parts to loose . You can stash it in your purse to occupy the kids on the go . Its durable , portable and just good giggly fun . I have plenty of other games in the closet that quickly loose the kids interest or end up with missing parts . Well worth the money . Quick delivery from seller . Ordered it right before Christmas and actually arrived in time to be wrapped and under the tree .
 My 3-yr-old son got this for Christmas . It has been a big hit and fun for him to play alone or with someone else . My 5-yr-old and 7-yr-old sons and even my husband think it 's fun to play it with the little guy . The only problem is that occasionally the teeth get stuck or the top pops off . It is n't the most durable toy I 've ever seen but not terrible . I 'm happy with our purchase .
 this was a gift for a 4 year old - she loves it , and the best part is that she can play it solo as well !! Not the most edicational toy , but a great game to keep the kids busy .
 I bought this for my 3 yr old son to play on a long car trip . It entertained him on/off through the trip . It is fun to guess which tooth will snap on your finger . -LRB- It 's not a hard snap -RRB- It 's cute to see the his face when he 's trying to guess which tooth will activate the jaws closing .
 I always wanted this game when I was younger , so I bought it for my niece for her birthday . We have a blast playing it together . It 's great !
 we travel alot and when i saw this toy i thought it would be a great toy to bring along on a plane ride for my nephews , i had no idea how much fun it would be . unfortunately , over the years we lost the crocodile and whenever we would go anywhere the boys would say , i wish we had crocodile dentist , well now the boys are in their late teens and early 20 's and still say it , so i went on line and found it , we just came back from a trip and the crocodile came with us and was used quite alot and is still as much fun now as it was back when they were small .
 I was thinking this was the Crocodile Dentist game . I expected a nice size croc with the tweezers to pull the teeth . This is a travel version , I think . It is about the size of a hair brush and you push the teeth down with your finger . Still pretty fun in the car ...
 i wanted to have something for a center during our study of teeth . I remembered the Crocodile Dentist from when my son was young and checked Amazon to see if it was still available . Luckily for me it was . I got it right away and let my class play with it . They loved it ! I 'm not sure they learned much about teeth , but they had a lot of fun .
 this game is so simple and lots of fun . other than the crocodile head , there are no other pieces . it 's exciting to play .
 I am a dental hygientist and this toy is the hit with kids from 2 thru 15 !! I give it 5 stars , somehow it found its way home with a patient and now I am so glad I found it again .
 My five year old grandson enjoys playing with his older brothers and sister . I bought an extra one for his dad 's dental office .
 what a find ! bought this for my 4 year old for Christmas and we all love it . No batteries , no parts to lose , simply open the crocs mouth and push teeth down til you hit the `` sore '' one and he chomps down . My kids think it is hilarious . Also doubles as a really cute animal toy and a great travel toy . Recommend for all households with small children .
 The kids love this toy . We love watching them laugh and scream when they get chomped by the croc . our girls are 3 1/2 yrs old and thats the first toy they want to play with when someone comes over . they 've pulled the head off of the first one so many times that it finally broke . I had to buy another one fast . They love it ! costs alot for something so simple , but it 's worth it for the fun & laughs it brings .
 Toy was too small compare to what we had expected . It made in China and grossly overpriced . But we love to play with it .
 I bought this when my twins were 3 1/2 . It was a cheap item , there are no pieces to lose , and it 's simple enough that the girls can play together . If they want you to play with them , the game is very quick . The top jaw has fallen off a few times but I think this was my girls ' fault - too rough with it - and each time , I 've snapped it back on .
 I have a granddaughter and grandson between the ages of 2 and 3 . My grandaughter who is braver enjoyed this game with me . We got a kick out of it . My grandson was scared of it and is hesitant to play with it . he enjoys watching me play with it.Its small so its easy to bring along with you on your travels.It 's not something that my grandchildren rush to play with but to be honest at this age there arent many things they rush to play with for more than 5 minutes with anyway.I will take it out and we will spend about 10 - 15 minutes playing with it . That 's pretty good for them .
 You just ca n't help but laugh . It is just really funny how tense people get as more teeth get pushed ... After only a little while we had to institute a `` You touch it , you push it '' rule , because the kids would start to try to feel that tiny little bit of extra resistance when they get to the trigger tooth.About the durability , yeah , it wo n't last forever , and eventually the hinge starts to wear out . The top jaw might come off , but most of the time you can pop it back on . If it does break , though , you can take it apart and try to figure out how a mechanical -LRB- read , nondigital -RRB- device can randomly choose a tooth to be the next trigger . A clever little bit of engineering inside .
 I ordered this product because my daughter loved her cousins . Strangely , when I received it I was surprised that it was a MUCH smaller version than the one her cousin has ! I bumped down the durability because of this . It is more of a travel version but it is still a fun game with a nice element of surprise . My daughter enjoyed this at the age of 2-3 .
 I think this is best for 1-3 year olds . I have three boys ages 2 , 4 & 5 and I thought they would enjoy it more than they do.Instead of playing with it like the game it 's intended , they like to put cars in the croc 's mouth ! Which is fine . This is a good toy for car trips or plane rides because it 's small , lightweight and quiet !
 This was the first real game that we purchased for my daughter and she loves it . It has really taught her the concept of taking turns . Since it is so small you can pack it in the diaper bag and take it with you . We play it all the time in restaraunts in order to keep her occupied .
 This toy broke within the first two minutes that I took it out of the box . My son is 4 years old and has had most of his toys for a long time and is not particulary destructive , so I was surprised after reading all the reviews for it - how great it was -- you could imagine my disapointment . I do not give this toy a favorble reccomendation .
 This toy is marvelous . It will bring great amounts of joy to all who partake in its hours worth of Dentist-like fun . Your children will never be afraid of the dentist again , and who knows they may just be inclined to pull out their own teeth . I would recommend this product to everyone , even blind people , cause it is just that fun . Good Day .
 I knew this girl in college that could create a drinking game out of any child 's toy , but this one was our favorite . We would take it to bars and take turns pressing down on the teeth , and the person that got their finger snapped on had to drink . Boys loved to approach us to figure out what we were doing ! I picked up many hot boys this way . :-RRB- I 'd say it 's pretty durable because we dropped it MANY times and it never broke . I do n't know what happened to mine , but I 'm buying another one to take to Cancun with me this year .
 This was a Christmas gift for my 4 year old daughter . She loves it but it is a bit small .
 Take out the screws and make sure the feiw pieces are in their correct sockets ! That fixed my problems ! And for resetting teeth , you just slam it and then they come up !
 We bought this as a clearance item for a lot cheaper than what it 's selling for on Amazon . This toy has been dropped , sat on , stepped on , etc. . In other words , it survived a toddler and a little boy . It 's so stupid it 's fun . We 've had a great time with it .
 This toy is fabulous because : a -RRB- There are no small pieces to use.b -RRB- It has the element of suspense that keeps my kids playing it over and over.c -RRB- My kids all enjoy it , and they are 1 , 3 , and 5 . d -RRB- It 's small , easy to store , and kids can play it independently.A basic `` must have '' for any game/toy closet .
 We 've had this game for about 6 years , and still love it ! When all the pieces are lost from other games , or the batteries are dead ... this toy is still going ! I 've spent an untold amount of money on tons of toys for my 6 kids over the years ! This one has out lasted them all ! NO PIECES TO LOOSE-NO BATTERIES TO REPLACE . Always a surprise !
 i am a sub teacher assistant and this was a big hit with the kids . i thought i wanted the full size but this size was great and easy to play on the bus , car , playground . and best of all no batteries required
 My twins -LRB- 3 1/2 yrs old -RRB- are terrified of this , but we grown-ups find it awesome . Our one yr old likes it so much he plays alone -LRB- not smart - I do n't think he gets the purpose ! -RRB- . Great game for teaching turn-taking , since nobody really wants a turn anyway . The big kids will play it using a toothbrush to avoid finger snapping -LRB- which does n't hurt - just surprising -RRB- . Fun fun fun !
 Played game with 4 year old students - they loved it . It kept them guessing and were surprised every time .
 I could sense the heart pumping excitement builds up every time my 4 year old play this game . He knows 1 mistake and the crocodile will grab his little fingers . You play it by pushing down 1 tooth of the croc for each person 's turn . Each time you set the game , the tooth that will make the mouth closes is selected at random . The croc 's mouth closes but is not that hard enough to hurt their fingers . 2 or more players . Does not require batteries to operate.I have seen this toy for years , it is a classic . This is a great toy in a dentist 's waiting area .
 I could sense the heart pumping excitement builds up every time my 4 year old play this game . He knows 1 mistake and the crocodile will grab his little fingers . You play it by pushing down 1 tooth of the croc for each person 's turn . Each time you set the game , the tooth that will make the mouth closes is selected at random . The croc 's mouth closes but is not that hard enough to hurt their fingers . 2 or more players . Does not require batteries to operate.I have seen this toy for years , it is a classic . This is a great toy in a dentist 's waiting area .
 So far I have purchased 5 of these cute little snappers . I have 7 grandchildren from the ages of 7 months to four years . All of them like to take a chance against this snapping dentist , -LRB- okay , the youngest just tries to grab it -RRB- . I have put 2 away for gifts for my other grandmother friends . It 's always a laugh and the best part is no batteries . I could n't find this toy locally but Amazon has such prompt delivery that I was able to get them quickly . My 2 daughters work with special needs children and they have used this toy with such success during their therapy sessions that is another reason I ordered more of them .
 This is a great little toy ... simple yet fun for the little kids ... very safe and practical ... fun for spending that game night with the kids the little ones will have fun anyone can play ! Truly a classic ...
 Our son will be getting this for X-mas . He loves crocodiles so we are looking forward to playing it with him .
 It was a good buy and the person who gave it has been very happy , and also hope that the child who has to enjoy it XD
 My kids received this toy as a gift and at first I thought it would n't last more then a few weeks , but the toy is more durable then it looks . My kids have played it for months and its been dropped repeatedly on the floor , and its held up . Its a good game for younger players as well because it 's quick and can hold their attention for the duration . My older kids ages 6 and 8 enjoy playing it also . for the price you ca n't really go wrong .
 If you are looking for something fun for any age , look no further . You simply must play it , you will be as addicted as we are .
 i 'll admit , i 'm 29 years old but i have this toy and i guarantee that it 's not just for kids . put an adult spin on it -LRB- read
 I use this toy as a reinforcer during group speech therapy . It is great because it requires no setup time and allows the kids to feel like they are playing a game while I drill various concepts . It is fun for this situation but would probably become boring quickly as a stand alone game .
 I bought this toy for my son to play with on the plane and he loved it ! Its pretty easy to figure out which tooth will cause the jaws to clamp shut , but he loved getting his finger `` bitten '' anyways ... Hey , for something , no batteries , compact and no loose pieces that kept my child entertained for hours on the plane , it worked out great !
 This is a small game - easy to pack and take anywhere . It is a lot of fun for kids all ages . My 5 year old recieved it at Christmas but it was played all day by kids younger and older . It gets a laugh every time . The jaw came undone once - but was easy to put back together . It 's nice to see the kids enjoy such a simple game among all the techie toys they recieved .
 I bought this game this past Christmas -LRB- 2002 -RRB- for my almost 3 year old . He absolutely loves it . At first he was scared of the snapping , but when he realized it does n't hurt he had a blast . Now he 's constantly playing it by himself and with my husband and I . He screams and laughes every time the jaws snap shut . For $ 10 I was n't expecting a great toy that he would pass down to his children . It 's a great little toy for the price . My son is pretty rough with it and it has n't broken yet .
 I 'm a reading teacher and I use this toy to get students toperform a reading activity and punch a tooth each timeto get them to read as much as possible . The studentslove it .
 I got the Crocodile Dentist for my 36th birthday last week . My wife -LRB- who is older than me -RRB- thought it was adorable . For a point of reference , she also likes the eye-gouging humor of the Three Stooges and those coin pusher machines in Vegas.I brought the crocodile dentist to work today and many of my coworkers -LRB- software developers , lawyers , and data architects -RRB- keep coming over to play with it . When the crocodile `` bites '' them , they give a big grin and laugh and tell me they want one for their children . Might be that I work at a company that produces online casino software so the chance aspect draws them ... Anyway , as to durability , it has been played more than 100 times today .
 We got this toy but in the big bang glow in the dark version and the kids love it . It is really durable we took it ice fishing with us I figured it would crack in the freezing cold but it was as good as new . It was really windy and it rolled by itself across the lake . It is well worth the price I have paid more $ for alot of junk toys that are in the trash now . It is like a great big katamari ball . It is fun for everyone . I
 What can I say , the title says it all , `` Loads of Fun for All Ages '' . Also can be a good form of exercise .
 I purchased 2 of them for my nephews so that they do n't fight with one another . My only complain is the flashlight , very poor quality . The light keeps going off and on , even with a new battery . I think it 's a connection problem . Aside from that ... my nephews love them .
 My 4 yr old is really into hunting so this is perfect for him right now . Yeah , it 's more plastic that will eventually break and the binoculars arent anything great but he doesnt know that . I think it will get lots of use especially from his own imagination . Cant beat that !
 It was purchased or a birthday gift . And it was a big hit . He still carries around with him .
 Whether your camping , hiking , picnicing or just in your back yard , your kids will have a lot of fun with this set . Comes with safe and fun outdoor gear that is good for the price .
 I bought this for my son 2 years ago and he still plays with it along with his sister . They are always on adventures . It comes with so much and is so worth it if your child likes adventure .
 I bought this for a road trip across america . For our Adventure . We still use it when we go out and my son plays with the binocular often . Great buy and great gift for someone who is traveling with little ones .
 I got this for my sons -LRB- ages 3 and 4 -RRB- for Christmas this year . They loved it and still play with it alot . Lots of fun things for them to play with . It is a great deal for the price
 My son gets physical therapy 2 times a week , and the therapist brings this toy with her every time . Whenever he gets tired or cranky , she taps the top of this toy , and my son is automatically entranced with it ! He 's still not bored with it , first was shown it when he was 2 months . Now he taps it himself ... it does n't take much to activate it so its not a frustrating toy for a baby , and he gets so happy when he sees he did it himself . Sometimes the simpler toys are better than all the busier more complicated toys are ... I am very happy to find this toy , because now he can have one of his own . I highly recommend this toy .
 The suction cup of this toy is pretty big - big enough to keep the whole toy stuck to wall right above baby 's play area . It helps to moisten it before you stick it . She likes the clacking sound and all the spinning parts . I like the animal figures - as opposed to non-representational designs . I think that animal figures and faces will entertain her longer . Easy for her to move . She plays with it a lot .
 I just got this rocket . It is skill level 2 . First I will explain the good things , then the bad things . First off , the rocket is very fun to build . If you 've built the starter level rocket , and want something a bit more challenging , this is the rocket to get , it 's not terribly hard , but does have a few tricky parts . For the value it 's a very good rocket that seems like it will stay together unlike the starter rocket did . Now the bad things , it says to spray paint the entire rocket . It has so precise different color schemes that you ca n't spray paint it unless you mask areas . I just used the Estes finishing paint to paint on it and it looks fine . I just used a white primer , painted it , leave it outside for the night , and i will clear coat it tomorrow . It took me just a few hours to build the rocket . I ca n't wait to get a skill level 3 rocket and put it together once I found out how much fun this one was , and I am not a kid anymore I am 24 years old . Get this rocket now !
 I really love the design of this rocket ! it was fun to build . the only regret I had was not using krylon paint .
 We went to a pool with a dear friend . She shared this with my son . Little did she know that this curious toy would be such a hit . My son loved it . I had to go buy two for us -- one for him and one to share , so he could have water wars . We took them to a lagoon with some friends and the kids all took to it right away.It 's a water canon , a bullhorn , a funnel , and even a strange device that the kids rigged up to pull a body board around . This is durable , with a lot of play value for toddlers up to teens . Well , if you want it played with as intended -LRB- pull cone down large side first and water flies out the other end -RRB- , they 'd have to be at least 6 years old -- younger kids have problems doing it . The water can shoot quite high , if they do it right . But even if they ca n't make it shoot , the kids will figure out something to do with it .
 I Love this . My kids have so much fun with these . They are strong and hold up to ruff play . They shoot water clear accross the pool .
 This is such a simple toy , but it really is great fun in the pool . Both the kids and the `` Dad '' love it . This item is well made with heavy plastic and reinforced handles . Ca n't go wrong with this item !
 My son loves his Geyser Gusher ! It 's such a simple concept , but provides loads of fun entertainment in the swimming pool . It never fails that other kids are always asking my son where he got it or if they can play with it . They get so excited with the giant water fountains that can be created . The product is extremely durable . I highly recommend this product !
 This a fun toy ! It shoots water straight up to the sky ... to the clouds : -RRB- No , really , it does shoot very far ! The kids love it and get very creative with their games . So get one for everyone ! I did!When you go to the beach or a community pool , be warned , everyone wants to play ! -LRB- one little side note
 Mr. Teeny holds his shape very well when you move his arms around , some of the cheaper ones will gradually go back to their original position . Not him ! The only thing he seems to be missing is the cigarettes he is always smoking on the show !
 My ten month old got this as a gift and loves it ! Many pop up toys are difficult for very young children to use . The buttons on this toy are easy to push and knobs easy to turn . He was frustrated by his other pop up toy that he could rarely get to work with his tiny hands . This allows his cognitive abilities to develop even before his fine motor skills would be ready to use other toys .
 My daughter was given this toy when she was one , and she played with it for over a year . Firstly the fun was in seeing the dinosaurs pop up , then as she grew a little older she 'd memorize which color dino was under which color egg , and see if she could get it right . I think this was one of the best presents she got for her first bd . Definitely recommend it .
 I purchased this toy for my son 's 1st birthday . I looked high and low for a pop up toy that did n't sing long annoying songs , or have lights , noises , etc. . We have plenty of those toys . I wanted a simple , yet entertaining and educational toy . And that 's what I found with this one . My son loves to work the buttons to make the dinosaurs pop . Even my 3 year old likes to play with it too . She helps him by pushing the tops back down . The entire toy is very sturdy . Others have mentioned that the tops break off , but I even tried to break it with my hand and couldnt , you 'd need a hammer ! Best of all , it doesnt need batteries !
 My son is 1 YO and he has so much fun with this toy - right now he watches them pop-up -LRB- with my help -RRB- and he tries to push them back down . The buttons are easy to manipulate - I do n't think it will be long before he is pushing or turning the knobs himself . And BEST of all - Tolo products are all Bispenol-A and phthalate FREE , which are both proven hormone disrupters . This is an excellant company and a great toy - I will definitely be purchasing from them again .
 I am an early childhood worker and find that children enjoy this toy from toddler hood into the preschool years . It 's a little tricky for the very young toddler to manipulate by themselves , but provides a great opportunity for 1:1 play . Once they have mastered the different way to pop up each dinosaur , the appeal seems to last for a long time . Sturdy and long lasting .
 My twins love this toy . They can use it on their own and it only makes small noises . The only down side is one seems to get his finger in the way when he pushes the tops down . I love the quality of tolo toys .
 I would like to tell everyone how much i enjoy playing with ninja Turtle Leo and his Motorcycle . It is my favorite toy . I chose it from the internet and could ` nt wait to receive it .
 I love the Ghost in the Shell universe , especially the tachikomas . They are silly , nosey , hard working , ` individuals ' . This plush captures their adorable nature pretty well . It lacks some detail -LRB- would have been cool to see some black stiching where all the lines are on the real tachikomas -RRB- and nothing moves . However , the plush is packed tight and will hold it 's shape -LRB- came crammed in the box and just popped out like nothing happened . You 'd only expect that form a tachikoma anyway . -RRB- . It 's also a bit larger than you 'd might expect -LRB- the legs can probably grip your head like a hat -RRB- but it does n't go overboard.If you are huge fan of tachikomas it 's a must buy . Now if someone could make some action figures or R/C tachikomas ...
 Picked up my Tachikoma from AX ' 06 . To address some questions
 I 'm a big fan of `` Ghost in the Shell '' in all it 's incarnations , but my personal favorite has to be the Stand-Alone Complex series ... and a lot of that preference has to do with the Tachikomas , those chatty , inquisitive , squeaky-voiced `` think tanks '' who cheerfully work alongside the humanoid members of Section 9 and natter amongst themselves about the big issues of life and sentience and what it means to be intelligent -LRB- or goof around and parody the action of the episodes , in their little omake series `` Tachikomatic Days '' -RRB- . As soon as I found out there was a plush Tachikoma , I went poking around to see if I could find one on here.Sure enough , I found this little fella and he 's since become the newest member of my menagerie of plush toys . My only carp is that I wish there were flexible metal rods inside the arms and legs so you can pose him a little , but that 's a minor complaint . This plush really captures the perky , quirky personality of the Tachikomas . The stuffing is nicely solid and the design is sturdy yet compact . For some odd reason , one of the arms on mine is canted a little higher than the other , which makes him look like he 's gesturing the way the Tachikomas do when they 're chattering away , which just adds to the charm !
 I have a real beard and play Santa . Grandson is almost 2 , and has a problem with beards . This gave him a chance to put on/take off the beard , and made Christmas much nicer !
 This product was just how I remembered it when I used it 30 years ago . Yes the answers are hard to see until you press down real hard . But that is how it was 30 years ago and I did not expect anything different . I would recommend this product to anyone trying to teach their kids addition and subtraction.My children look at it like a computer and love playing with it . It gives them instant answers when they press down and they like that satisfaction .
 I knew when I purchased this toy for my 5 year old son that is was hard to read . Knowing his personality and what toys he has been attracted to , I bought it anyway . He loves it . It does n't bother him at all that it 's difficult to read . I think it 's good because it makes him work harder and think more , the answer does n't come quickly like in an electronic game . He quickly loses interest in electronic games , would n't tolerate flash cards so I 'm glad that this alternative is available .
 I remember these from my elementary school days and was really happy to find one while looking for something to use for my son 's basic addition and subtraction fact drilling . I saw the twist and shout thing , but I did n't want to throw yet another noisy , battery operated toy at my children , especially for educational purposes . I 'm so glad I went for the throw back ! Yes , the answers are a little hard to see behind the opaque buttons , but if used in a brightly lit room the numbers become perfectly clear . A little `` problem solving , '' if you could even call it that , and you 're good to go . My kids were very excited about this , especially when I told them I used one when I was little , and I had to referee which child could hold it to avoid fighting !
 I did n't purchase this for fun value , but , it 's educational value is awesome ! Even my 4 year old walks around pretending it 's a calculator all the time ! He 's learning and is having too much fun to know it . Good purchase !
 great for a child just learning basic math concepts . has really helped my first grader gain an edge with math facts
 My husband had these as a kid . If you push the buttons down , the answer becomes visable through the plastic . Durable and great for our kids to practice math with .
 It works for what it is . I had one when I was younger and it was easier to see the numbers . It can be slightly frustrating .
 I bought this toy for my daughter , I remember playing with this at a cousins house as a child . Although , I do n't remember having a hard time seeing the numbers as a child . I found that it is best to used to product over a light . . if possible , or in a well lit area . I THINK THE PRODUCT COULD BE IMPROVED IF THERE WERE A MINI LIGHT BUILT IN THE BACK OF THE GAME.Durable and fun though .
 I do like this math practice product , it 's easy to use for the most part and there are no pieces to lose which tops the list in my book ! The only thing is it is a little hard to read the numbers because the white foggy , but that 's not that big of a deal .
 Bought this for my niece , as I had one similar as a child and she loves it as much as I did ! It 's a fun way to learn addition and subtraction !
 This is exactly like one I had as a kid . There are no electronics to break or wear out . Some of the reviews said they could n't see the numbers ... yes , you can . The numbers do n't light up , but they are there and little fingers and eyes have no problem seeing the digits . My kids -LRB- ages 3,5,7,7 & 9 -RRB- have a wii , but we try not to get then every little fad learning game that comes along . These are great for them to learn number patterns and how the equations are related . I would recommend this toy to any one whose kids do n't need the latest and greatest to be entertained !
 It is a good educational toy for young children to learn simple addition and subtraction.It looks very durable too !
 I purchased this stamp set because I was looking for a small stamp set to use on my toddler 's little hand to help reinforce positive behavior -LRB- long story , too many child development books ! -RRB- If you are looking for a small stamp set that is safe and does n't have harsh chemicals -- this is perfect . Most reviewers who were diappointed indicated that the size was too small . But the description is accurate
 Like everything with Melissa & Doug toys and crafts , these baby farm animal stamps leave a high quality stamp even by a 4 year old ! Fun to find baby farm animals with 4 colors an EXCELLENT value for the price ! Both my 6.5 and 4 year old girls have enjoyed playing with it and the images have a lot of detail .
 I bought this for a little Valentine 's day gift for my 2.5 yo . He has good fine motor skills for his age , so he can handle the tiny size . He 's not into coloring the pictures in yet , just lots of enthusiastic stamping , counting , making animal sounds , and naming the animals and colors , which this is great for . I do think that if your child wants to color the pictures in , you 'll want the bigger stampers . But this set is so cute , easy to store , and the 4-color stamp pad is nice . A lot of fun in a tiny package , and definitely worth the 6 bucks !
 We love this set of stampers . So many projects have come from using them . Many pictures , books put together of the animals and adding some words or the sound the animal makes or the baby animal with it 's mom and dad drawn in.The stampers are a little on the small side but that is okay . My kids use the stamper and draw too . They will also add stickers or cut pictures out of a magazine . My kids will use thin tipped markers to color in the stampers.We have a plastic shoebox container to keep our stampers and stamp pads in so the packaging was fine.Good fun product !!
 I purchased this set for my 6 year old niece , and she was quite excited about it . My only complaints are that the stamps are much smaller than I had thought , about 1/2 `` x1/2 '' , and that there is no lid for the otherwise very nice wooden storage box .
 I bought this for my daughters 6th birthday she loves all animals , she likes to make cards and pictures with the stamps . She loves this set and I love the pictures she makes !
 I did n't read the specs very well and did n't see just how tiny this set is . While it is very nice , it is very tiny . The stamps themselves are rather small . My guess is that I could 've gotten single stamps at a craft store for a bit less . However , it does come in a nice storage box and my son loves using them . Overall , I think they are well made and I would purchase again .
 My daughter likes these stamps a lot . I like them because the ink washes off well . I have used them as a potty training reward as well as an art toy . Unlike stickers that get stuck all over the house , these stay in place until bath time at the end of the day .
 Another gift for the great niece . More to add to her collection , she loves her art stuff . .
 If you do n't mind your kids stamping up your house , go for it ! My 2 year old son loves to do his stamps ... we make little scenes with the set he 's got . I purchased this one for a grab bag gift at his mommy and me class.Stamps are a timeless , ageless gift . I am an art teacher and I find there is so much you can do with stamps : -RRB- Melissa and Doug have really cute sets , and this is one of them !
 looks nice . i purchased this as a gift & it has not been used yet . so i ca n't really rate it .
 I love all Star Wars toys but this Count Dooku has the face of Christopher Lee - one of my Dad 's favorite actors . A great toy .
 My son just got interested in collecting star wars action figures . He found this figure new in the case at a CD store in Greenville , SC . He has really enjoyed using this figure to recreate the battle of geonosis from Attack of the clones . It is also good for Dooku 's final battle against Anakin in Revenge of the Sith . The only problem is the the paint on his lightsaber handle wears off easily . But it is a very good toy and an excellant addition to any star wars or action figure collection .
 It 's small for the money . I 'm just used to a minimum of 6 '' when I pay this price . Also , the Revoltech Joint system is nice if I plan on reposing a figure often , but I do n't . I do so once in a while and when joints get loose I apply a little clear mounting/holding wax in inconspicuous spots . Also , with regular-ball-jointed figs I do n't have to `` click '' to the next lock-step position ; with this I do . I just do n't buy the marketing hype.That all said this is a great-looking fig . Does it fall under mecha ? If so , Revoltech mechs always look uber hip . If only they 'd be sized to fit in with other figs , like DCD , Matty DC or Hasbro Marvel figs.It 's educational in learning about Giant Robo , a former pop culture phenom from Japan that was updated in the nineties . Wiki has some great articles on it .
 Please be aware Revoltech figures are not for small children they are for older kids and adult collectors . Kaiyodo figures tend to have over 30 points of articulation and are super posseable and comes with two additional hands and two weapon arms as well as a stand . This figure is highly detailed and stands about 5 inches tall . Once again this is not for a small child if you purchase it for one you will be dissappointed while not super delicate they are delicate and made for more expierienced hands .
 Comes with everything you need ! Makes a fun truck more fun ! you can go in reverse and do some serious climbing -LRB- flip steering servo reverse switch -RRB- without flipping !
 I had to fake a cut face from a car accident and this does have good consistency and color . Add some black goop to make it more realistic , otherwise it 'd just be a singular bright red . I believe adding browns and blacks to it will make it more convincing .
 If you have experience with doing FX 's make up , you know some of the gel blood out there looks pink ... this gel blood has perfect color and consistancy . All of the products by Cinema Secrets are great !!! Highly recommended !!!
 I bought this for a Halloween project a while back , and decided that gel was better than the cheap dollar store stuff . It 's awesome ! Apply with a q-tip , and it stays pretty well . There 's minimum sliding -LRB- I applied it to my leg -RRB- if you do n't lay it on too thick . I will warn you though , the top layer never dries completely ! Try to apply it to areas that wo n't be coming into contact with couches , chairs , or anything else you do n't want to leave `` bloody '' . If you have a thin enough layer it WILL dry ; I had mine on a few layers thick so I had to be careful about placement due to it being on my legs . Over all though , this was a fantastic purchase . I 've used it for full zombie makeup twice and still have almost a full bottle as a little goes a long way !
 i thought this product did just perfect for what i needed it for . i was doing a zombie look and this worked just great ! if allowed attached it what i did -LSB- ... -RSB-
 great looking real like blood that coagulates and stays in place really well . Looks great for Halloween for a zombie
 This is some of the best makeup I have ever used.Its totally FX quality.If you get too hot and sweat the blood starts to drip , talk about real!Deep red die , hard to get off .
 I love this product . It was perfect . I got it in a great amount of time too . I would recomment it to anyone looking for realistic looking blood .
 Torres is a great little game that is simple to learn and hard to master , but those who put the effort will gain a mountain of enjoyment . It 's one of those games that will scratch your head at first since there is n't a lot to learn as far as rules go . Most people will look at it and think it 's too simple and say , `` that 's all there is to it ? '' And yes they would be right , since it does n't require a long rule book to explain its intricacies . Yet , after a couple of plays -LRB- or even just in the initial play , like it happened to me -RRB- you start to uncover a deep strategy game where every move you make will make a difference down the line . In short , this game is for those that like to think and show their mental dexterity . People should really give it a try.COMPONENTSThe game brings a lot of little pieces . You get 92 little tower segments , 24 knights if four different colors , four scoring markers , one king , and a set of action , master and codex cards along with a rule book and game board . The knights , king and scoring markers are made of nice wood painted with a good shiny paint . The game board is nice and sturdy with beautiful artwork and the rule book is nicely made . There were a couple of misspelled words here and there , but that 's the only drawback on that side . The tower pieces are made of good plastic , but it is n't the best plastic around . They 'll last a while , but you wo n't be wowed by them . The worst aspect of the components is the action cards . They have nice art work , but they are n't made of the most sturdy of materials . It 's very flimsy paper stock so after continuous play they will degrade . Try to touch them as little as possible so you do n't end up with warped cards . If Rio Grande is reading this , hopefully they bring out better printing stock for the action cards in future editions.Overall the components are nicely made and should last you a long time after your initial purchase . Needless to say , this is n't for young kids that have a death wish and want to swallow every little thing they can get their hands on.GAME PLAYThe game is deceptively simple to understand , but implementation is where you 'll notice a richness of play . Each player receives six knights and four stacks of towers . Each stack contains two tower levels , so you have eight tower levels in total in four stacks . The stacks represent the turns that you have in one round , and what you can actually put on the board . Each player uses a `` turn '' to extend one of the numerous predetermined towers already placed on the board . These predetermined towers act like foundations where players can create their towers from . The catch is that you ca n't combine towers that extend from two different foundations , and towers ca n't touch in any way or form , except at the corners.The making of long and tall towers is important , but also where you place your knights . See , the way the game is scored is through simple multiplication . Your knights act as the factor that allows the multiplication to occur . The towers get bigger , and your knights then start to fight for the highest tower level available on the different tower sections being created . Placing your knight on the tallest and largest tower is key to winning . If your knight is on the fourth level and the tower area is 4 , you score is 16 based out of the 4x4 equation.Players have to move around the board to reach said areas , but it 's tough to do when you only have a couple of limited options per turn . When doing anything in your turn , you only have 5 action points . Anything you do on the board , whether placing towers , moving knights and picking up action cards will cost some points . With only five points , every move you make is important . Any move can cost you the game , or give you the advantage.These limitations actually make the game better , and your strategy then starts to develop . Do you focus on making a huge tower , or do you try and move your knights onto your opponents tower to smooch of their work ? Do you corner their towers so they ca n't expand any more ? A lot of strategy options begin to emerge , and this is when some real thinking is needed . A lot of fun for those that like exercises in thought.In short , Torres is a game for those that do n't mind a little thinking . It really is a thinking persons game . The more you understand the limitations , the better it plays . Every move counts and your actions always matter . I ca n't recommend this game for everyone , though . If you want something with more `` flavor '' to it as in Catan , then I suggest you go elsewhere . There is n't much to do here . There really is n't much of resource management or stock piling or other resource intense mechanics . It really boils down to placement of what you initially have and knight movement . But that 's the beauty of it in my opinion . That you really do n't have much to work with , but you have to make everything count to come up ahead.There are a couple more things in the game to make it more interesting , but it always boils down to your placement of pieces . I think anyone that had a fascination with chess and strategy games will enjoy Torres . It really is a true gem.Get it , you 'll brain will thank you later .
 A friend got me Torres as a Christmas gift and I must say it was a fine present indeed . The instruction book is a little daunting , but read through it , knowing the ins and outs of the rules makes the game much more fun.I 've played it a handful of times now and the game gets better every time . I 'd have to say that 3 players is perfect though , but 2-4 like it says works well too.I liken the game to chess . Easy to learn , Difficult to master .
 This is one of my favorite games . Good price on Amazon too . It 's only four players but once you get the rules down you will be happy with it . Game play is short but once again you have to invest time into learning the rules . You wo n't be disappointed . This game is for those who like games like Ticket to Ride or Settlers but maybe want something a tad less family oriented and a tad more strategic . This is one of my favorite games and I do n't think I 've ever won !
 I love to play this game , quick , easy to learn , different every time you play . my husband and . love to play this one !
 I originally bought this game after reading reviews on Amazon . It states `` ages 12 and under '' , but play it almost every day with my 6 year old daughter . While she needs coaching from time to time , this is a strategy game that a young person can play that will adults will also enjoy . All but one or two of the times I have played this game it has only been with one other player , so I can not talk a whole lot about how good the game is beyond two player . But in the two-player game , even a novice player can pick it up after one or two games and be very competitive . This game requires each player to adapt strategies to his or her opponents moves , so each game requires original thinking and planning . I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a quick , competitive strategy game .
 Awesome game with strategy ! How often do you get to play a three-dimensional game ? Not very often . But this is it ! Plenty of strategy , plenty of math if you 're playing with kids . Great game overall !
 Torres does not have the depth of chess and does not require the book study chess does , but it is a wonderful abstract strategy game that does have a theme attached
 This 12 inch Samurai action figure is great ! You can play with it but it looks great displayed too ! This particular product is extremely hard to find .
 This has the more shallow sloped roof tile . There is another type that is steeper . They do connect , they are just not the same pitch.This is an excellent set to be able to get enough roof tiles to actually cover the roof of a house . It is a bit expensive , but it 's not too easy to go about it any other way.The doors and windows are a very large scale . They 're just fine , too , if you like this size . I 'm not a fan , myself -- I like the older style of doors and windows . But those are basically out of production . I would think most kids would be fine with them .
 Great for kids who like legos and never have enough doors and windows . Will keep them busy for hours .
 Item was liked by the receivers . Item was as described and delivery was as expected , trouble free and required no additional input from me after placing order .
 A gift to my 5 yrs . old grandchild who loves all star wars toys . He was excited with his new pen .
 My 3-year old niece had just broken her right leg and was so sad that her twin sister still got to run around , play outside and go to dance class . I wondered if any toy manufacturers had a special `` doctored up '' doll to comfort her . As I was perusing through the Amazon website , I saw this adorable `` Break a Leg '' bear and immediately had it mailed to my niece . My sister -LRB- the child 's mother -RRB- told me that my niece immediately bonded with the bear , especially since both she and the bear were wearing a cast on the same leg . My niece kept the bear with her 24/7 and it helped to occupy her when she was bored and calm her down for doctor appointments . When it finally came time for her cast to be removed , my niece tried to take the cast off the bear , too , so they would still be `` samies '' . This product is a real winner !
 ... my uncle who is 79 yrs old ... broke his leg in an auto accident ... he has a great sense of humor so i thought he would enjoy this ` ode to a broken leg ' ... he did ... it cheered up his day ... the cost was minimal also ... if you get this bear with a get well balloon attached the price is significantly more ... so i paired it with a funny card and sent it with my thoughts ... it served the purpose for about 1/3 the cost !!!
 I Love Record of the Lodoss Was and I have been looking for some of the figures for a while . I was happy to be able to finally get my hands on Neece and Deedlit . I just wish I could now get Pirotess and I would be golden
 I bought the starry night pro and bluestar adapter to connect a Celestron CPC1100 telescope to a laptop.Starry night and bluestar have been great for finding objects in the sky . It has helped me locate faint galaxies and the outer planets . By looking at nearby stars , I was able to positively identify Neptune and Uranus . I also found this product useful for identifying the moons of Jupiter and Saturn.My biggest complaint would be the battery compartment of the bluestar adapter . The battery compartment is very tight and it is hard to remove the batteries for recharging.It would also be nice if the bluestar would synchronize to multiple adapter so I could use it to connect to a palmpilot as well . To switch back and forth , you need to reset the bluestar using a paperclip . Another problem I ran into is that the bluetooth software on my windows xp laptop installed the virtual com port very high -LRB- > com40 -RRB- . Starry Night wo n't recognize ports over com16 . Using advice from the website , I deleted many redundant ports and installed it to a lower port . When switching back and forth between the palm and PC , I have noticed that it is easiest to leave the old port in the bluetooth stack and create a new port . Once the new port is installed , you can delete it .
 I played the original Carcassone before playing Carscassone the City . Both games are great , but they 're not really different enough for most people to bother owning both.Both games have the advantage of quick , easy setup , since the game is building the board . They both work well with two players -LRB- or more -RRB- . They 've also got a near perfect balance of strategy and luck . Enough strategy to make the game engaging every time you play but enough luck to prevent cut-throat competition and hurt feelings -LRB- most of the time -RRB- . They 're also both easy to learn ; one game was enough for me to understand the rules of either -LRB- though the certainly sound complicated at first -RRB- So on to the differences : - Something about the farms in Carcassone confuses me ; it just takes so much effort to figure out where the borders are . The markets in Carcassone the City serve a similar role but are much easier to understand.-Carcassone the City also has the fancy wooden box if you care about those things . Personally , I prefer the cardboard box that seems to be designed for the pieces to the big open box.-Carcassone the City has some interesting twists/variations on Carcassone that make the game more interesting and fun.-However , Carcassone the City does not work with the expansions to Carcassone . You 're limited to 4 players and the current pieces and rules.If you ever want to play with more than 4 people , get Carcassone and an expansion set -LRB- I recommend Traders and Builders -RRB- . If you 're okay with the four person limitation and no expansions , Carcassone the City is definitely more interesting and fun than Carcassone without expansions .
 I have most Carcassone series products , but this stand alone game is my most favorite . 1 . All wood parts , that 's amazing . I do love the quality comparing with other paper Caracssone parts . The only thing to be careful is the box of Carcassonne The City , which did n't make with good materials as playing parts , so the metal part connected top cover and box body might be broken in accident . 2 . The game play is similar as Carcassone , but all locations are within the city with adding gate and wall pieces to increase extra fun from other Carcassone products . 3 . My family only has 4 players , so this box is most easier for us to enjoy Carcassone fun without endless expensions and playing time because it alreay provided the essential key parts of the Carcassone . I would say if you want a less than one hour game of Carcassone for a small party less than 4 players . This is a MUST have Carcassone for you . If you have huge 4 to 6 player party with 3 more hours to kill , another Carcassone Big Box is also a cool product for you .
 It 's consider one of the games to play during our Family Nigth . If you want expend great time with your kids Carcassonne City offers a great oportunity.With good amount of strategy and easy set up and play , this game united the family for 45 min.Nice desing made the game interesting , even for the kids.I love to play with my husband this version and `` the Castle '' version.My copy comes with a good wood box , and I can keep this version and the basic together .
 This is an excellent family game which is especially suitable for families with age gaps between children . We have 3 children , ages 4 , 6 , and 12 . This is one of the few games where everyone can compete equally , as the younger children seem to have much better memories for where the vampires are buried.The quality of the materials and artwork is very good , much higher quality than Candyland . The theme is great , my children are enthralled by vampires . These vampires are happy and cute , not scary , to me they look more like gnomes.The game play is simple , be the first one to bury all your vampires inside the graves . Each of your vampires is a color , when you flip over a grave lid you are trying to match the back of the lid to the color of your vampire . There are some twists with garlic , plagues , and stakes.This game takes 30 minutes to play . This is quite a while for younger kids , but I do n't find my younger ones bored or phasing out . They love this game . It 's one of the best games we 've purchased to play with our children .
 High quality construction with very good artwork . Very simple rules with good chances that the youngster may win over the adult ! The game goes beyond a basic `` memory '' game by adding interesting `` twists '' to preventing a player from burying all his vampires , and inadvertantly gaining extra vampires from the other players . Playability and `` fun-ness '' is enhanced with more players playing the better . Skill level is a function of your memory ! Overall a good theme -LRB- vampires -RRB- , equal opportunities for both youngsters and oldsters to win , and simple play lasting about 30 minutes renders this game an excellent `` family '' fun time .
 MY DAUGHTER AND HER FRIENDS LOVE THIS THEY ARE 11 AND 12 YEAR OLDS , THEY MAKE EARRINGS AND BRACELETS , SHE MADE MY MOTHERS DAY GIFT . YOU GET A LOT OF THINGS TO WORK WITH WORTH EVERY PENNY .
 My daughter loves this toy . She 's been buggin for a Pug , so figured this would have to do . Its not overly loud and can be turned off . She has another one that she plays with too .
 This is so much fun for the kids I bought this for my grandaughter . She had a pug and now she has this little puppy to keep her company
 I bought this for my adult friend who has a Pug , she just loves it , it is as cute as a button , all Pug-lovers would get a kick out of this little guy ! Great transaction , speedy shipping , would highly recommend seller ! Thanks !
 This was one of the `` little babies '' that my granddaughter wanted for Christmas . She received at least 6 different dolls , but this is one of the two favorites . Excellent toy !
 Santa delivered this doll -LRB- along with a diaper bag full of essentials -RRB- to my almost-5 year old . She absolutely loves her ! When you lay her face down and press her back she will cry , then you pick her up and when she 's upright you can gently press her back while soothing her , or even her tummy ... either of these in the upright position with produce `` mama '' , `` papa '' , or laughter . My little girl specifically requested `` a doll that cries '' from Santa and he delivered . She is a big hit . I highly recommend for preschoolers that you accompany her with a cute , small diaper bag with a pretend bottle , blanket , and extra outfits . My daughter could n't be happier with this set . She has replaced her cabbage patch newborn , which was her favorite doll from ages 2-4 . This doll is bigger so better for a preschooler/kindergartener .
 We bought this laughing baby doll for our 20 month old . The doll has a sweet looking face , soft body and is a nice size for an almost 2-year old . Her `` voice '' is mechanical sounding but certainly not evil . Our daughter has not received the doll yet since it is for Christmas so I can not comment on her reaction to the doll 's voice . Our 4 year old daughter has the Corolle Lila doll who has very realistic sounds but she is also twice as expensive and much bigger than this little baby pink doll . We have been very pleased with all the Corolle dolls we have purchased but so far , Lila is one of our favorites .
 I bought this doll for my daycare children . My 18 month old girl loves it ! This doll does NOT have an evil laugh ! It is a typical child 's laugh and my little daycare child laughed with it ! I wish the person who wrote the comment about the evil laugh would n't have , because I was almost turned off on buying the doll , and perhaps others might be too , so that is why I am writing this to applaud this little precious doll .
 I bought these stamps for my kindergarten classroom . I have gone through a number of other type of stamps that do n't hold up . These are the best . They are solid plastic so they ca n't be broken . On a rare occastion , the rubber part might come off.The set of these stamps would be great for a family or classroom .
 I use this book almost every lesson for my Algebra classes.One of the best for extra practice .
 This is a fun little set . There are not alot of pieces in case this is your first Pop-Onz purchase . But they fit inside the green ` mountain ' like a carry case that is easy to take along on road trips or to the baby sitters .
 My 2 and 3 year old love Pop-Onz and this set was no exception . The price and free shipping were an added bonus .
 Sunsout puzzles are top quality . The pieces are thick with a nice top finish . Each piece is easy to handle and the cuts are clean . Very enjoyable . Always a top quality puzzle .
 I 'm 22 and I 've loved this doll and had 2 through out my childhood . I recently bought one for my little sister and still love her !! COMES WITH : One diaper -- which we have n't used , and wo n't . I do n't recommend you do either . When I bought the doll , since I had one before , I also bouught a bag of newborn diapers -LRB- which fit -RRB- and I bought the target brand and it only cost 5 bucks for 40 . A potty -- Cute and easy to clean.Two Binkys -LRB- pacifiers -RRB- -- One white one , for looks , and one pink one which makes her close her eyes and go to sleep . That 's the magic eye feature which I think its great .6 Packs of Food -- The food is in little packets and is sticky and kind of messy . It is non-toxic and wo n't damage any furniture , but hard to find and expensive so I 've warned my sister of not feeding her the food every day.Bottle -- works for baby and has cute face of a bunny on it.Bowl and Spoon -- very cute and life-like to real baby dishes . There 's a line in the bowl where you know where to add the water to when you mix the food.DVD & Book -- The DVD is only the movie version of the book . It 's not a cartoon either , it 's a still motion movie , meaning it 's like reading the book on screen but with zooming and panning along the pictures . Good enough really for girls who ca n't read but they certainly wo n't be jumping up and down to watch it again . It should have been a cartoon . The book and the DVD are the exact same wording and everything.Passport -- The baby comes with a little passport for adding her name and your girl 's information and adding her passport stamps which are included if you happen to buy the additionnal playsets of New York , Austrailia and Hawaii . -- Squeak/cry -- Using the doll is pretty easy . It is hard for my sister to make her squeak . So she does n't do it but it does n't make her love this doll any less . I did n't like the bald head so I added a wig and she looks so much better with a wig . My sister could care less , but likes that she can brush and add clips and bows . You make her cry by squeezing the other arm , which my sister can do . Some times she cries with no arm squeeze . Which I did n't like at first but now is more like a lesson . She 'll cry if she 's put face down , when she 's shaken , when she 's dropped , when she 's hit , like a real baby . My sister did n't like this at first becasue she was used to dragging around her floppy baby dolls that did n't do anything , but now she attacks anyone who does n't hold her right and tells them when she does n't like something she 'll cry . I just use my imagination and if she wo n't stop crying we decide she needs a nap and after a `` nap time '' she 's happy again with no tears . -- Changing Baby -- You 'll have to teach your daughter how to change a baby . The great thing about getting real baby diapers is the velcro sides that you can open and close . So if your daughter has to keep working at getting it to fit you wo n't run out of stick like you do with the doll diapers . After one feeding of water she does n't need a change , we usually wait till it 's pretty full -LRB- of water -RRB- before we change her but to each his own.She 'll only `` poop '' the food on her potty , but you can -LRB- only an adult -RRB- squeeze her legs yourself to make it come out in her diaper . They say to clean her after every food feeding but I usually just use water after every spoonful to wash it down and it makes it come out easier without breaking the game play . -LRB- which you might have to do anyway if you make the food too thick -RRB- -- Problems -- We have n't had any problems with our doll . -- Tubes/Leaking -- Our doll came with her tubes in and she did n't leak . It does tell you that you have to make sure a valve on her back is closed or else she will leak . The valve is there for when you need to clean her . It also says that the baby can only drink about 1/3 of her bottle before she 'll need to `` pee '' . which means if she gets filled up it 'll slip out of her mouth and behind her neck making you think it 's coming out of her back . So remind you daughter that baby wo n't be able to finish her whole bottle.Since we have n't used her doll diaper I do n't know if it leaks , but the real diapers we use never did leak . -- Feeding -- Is messing and personally I think it should be avoided since the replacement food can be expensive and hard to find but my sister likes to feed her . The only drawback is she ca n't be fed sitting up in a doll high chair -LRB- like you 'd want -RRB- you have to feed her at an angle -LRB- like breast feeding -RRB- This is hard for my sister to understand this so a baby or doll bib is must !! Still she enjoyed feeding it and I do too . I just think it 's short lived so not worth it . Once I figure out a homemade version of the baby food , or they start selling it chaeper , we 'll feed her more but until then we only feed her every so often.we have found that the little tikes website sells the full line of baby born stuff , very cheaply , including the food packets and diapers if you want to use those.Overall my sister loves this baby doll and taking care of her . I like it because it 's sweet and fun to play with too.She can also now go in pools and baths for fun in water and even has her own bathtub .
 I was really surprised to find this to be the favorite doll of both my daughters . They have played with their own baby born dolls for over a year now -LRB- that 's good for my girls -RRB- . We have Annabell , baby Chou chou , Amazing Amanda , and Amazing Allyson . They love this one the best ??? It was n't my first pick , but I am not 3 . I think they like it because you can bathe with it and see it actually go on the potty . What ever their reasons , they love it . ages 3 and 5 .
 this Doll is perfect for your baby girl , my little girl has one and this also helped potty train her , some of the magic eyes also comes with a bonus stroller and cute outfit , wich is really worth the extra you pay for them for so much more fun . . you can also let her play in the bathtub with you little girl for even more fun !!!
 I bought this doll for my daughter 2 years ago and just recently purchased this as a gift for a 7 year old . The food is pretty difficult to get into the dolls mouth , but the girls do n't seem to care . They think the mess is fun -LRB- keep a wet washcloth and maybe a kitchen towel handy -RRB- and really get a kick out of the doll using her potty . You have be pretty patient to get the food in properly and then sit the doll just right in order for her to pass the pretend food.The bottle part is no problem , but lots of other dolls that cost considerably less will drink a bottle and use a potty.If you are the patient type and do n't mind a mess at the kitchen table , then this doll is ok . If you want your daughter to entertain herself then get a cheaper doll that can use the potty .
 Hi.I ca n't believe it . This is the single most coolest doll ever ! I thought Baby Born could n't get any better , but I was wrong ! A few days ago , I saw this doll at Target . At first I thought her eyes looked kind of wierd , but if you look really closley , you see those beautiful melt - your-heart blue eyes all of the older versions had . I already asked my mom if I could have her for Christmas ! She even comes with a DVD ! Cool ! I also want the carrier . I ca n't wait ! Perfect doll for any age !
 The other `` one star '' reviewer had expectations that were never marketed by the manufacturer . Where was the concept of a cup mentioned ? The Vanisher is a solid trick and has been around for decades and does exactly what it is marketed to do . It is a gimmick that makes small items `` vanish '' with little practice . Good simple trick for the budding magician .
 Ok , lem me just say that this Cloe 's clothes is hidious !! The one at walmart is so much cuter !! The one at walmart has MUCH cuter clothes !! It has a denim skirt , pink blouse and pink boots . Needless to say , I have the one from walmart and not the hidiously dressed one from toyrus . But , the doll 's face is cute and she 's durable so I just HADS to give Cloe 5 stars !
 This is one of the dolls your daughter will play more than once . She even takes Cloe with her everywhere we go and the little piggy too . I do n't like the underwear , but overall is a good choice if your daughter is a Bratz fan .
 I love the bratz each and everyone of them.I enjoy seeing new bratz items and buying them.Even though Yasmin is my favorite , I still buy them all .
 My 9 year old daughter loves her doll and her cousin wants the same one for her birthday . It is very cute .
 * hint , hint * = new bratz babyz stuff 4 this year
 i dont know what this is supposed to be ... i think that a cool new baby doll maybe ... because i saw one of these in the store and they look like baby dolls ... so if it is ... I SO WANT IT ... and just remember that if these are baby dolls , it would be cool to have a bratz baby doll stroller and carrier and cloths ... and etc. , Thank You , sincerely ~ Alicia ~
 okay this is weird i saw the same doll at target but with real hair umm intresting
 These dolls are the most cutest things I have ever seen.I dont see how anyone could write a bad review on them especialy Cloe shes the cutest.xoxoxoxoTaylor
 I am now 13 and I have gotten red of all my dollsbut I couldnt part with cloe she 's just so cute andinnocent looking and that face is absolutly adorableSo if your planing or thinking about buying her or anybratz babyz you wont be disapointed . - Adriane
 They are so cute I had yasmin first but her head got scratched up within days so my grandma got me cloe.She is absolutly adorable and perfect in every way.Keep up the good work -LRB- ... -RRB-
 My daughter loves this doll complete with her own diaper and bottle . Her ponytails are removable which makes the doll much more snuggly at bedtime .
 I purchased this for my 10 yr . old daughter and eversince she got it , she loved it ! I can say that it 's worth the price . It 's adorable style and looks are really great , even i adore it .
 It 's a bratz babyz doll . It is what it is ! Much less skanky than regular full-size bratz . My 8 year old loves it and most of her fellow 2nd grade girl friends have these dolls too . Seems VERY durable , I would be totally comfortable giving this to a 4 or 5 year old .
 * hint , hint * = new bratz babyz stuff 4 this year
 I bought this doll for my daughter , and she loves her . She is easier to change than the small babies yet is very cool like the grown up dolls themselves . I ca n't wait for more accessories and clothes for her to come out .
 Okay I will admit that these dolls seem a little weird , but they are cute . And if you are afraid that they will teach your child to be a slut , or hooker , than you need to look inside yourself and find out why you are having these issues ! I bet the people who wrote some of the reviews even call the vagina `` down there '' get a life and do n't make such a big deal out of a piece of plastic !
 What agreat idea ! Usually I absolutely Hate Baby Bratz Dolls But this is a doll you got ta buy ! I 'm countin on ya to buy the doll reader !
 These dolls are super cute!Chloe comes with a personalised diaper , another set of clothes , and a cute pet piggy with wide eyes.She has snap on and off interchangeable pigtails and he wears a pink crop top with a babydoll skirt . She has white socks and cute shoes and she wears a little cherry lipstick on her rosebud mouth.Chloe can be wrapped up in a blanket and put to bed so you can sleep with her ! So , shes not only for big girls , she 's for little girls too!She can be dressed up in small baby clothes and MGA are currently selling bratz babyz fashions for big and small babyz.This gorgeous girl wears proper knickers on , shes growing up already ! Or if you want her to stay as your average baby , wrap her up in the extra diaper.The little babe also comes with an exclusive pet , her pet piggy angel . Take her on the go in Chloes small peep-up backpack , so she can also enjoy the view . Chloe hates it being with out her fuzzy furry funky friend!Chloe also has a prezzie for you , a bratz babyz collectible poster wrapped and rolled in a scroll and tied with turquoise ribbon ! See how much she loves her new Mommy!Chloe ensures hours of playtime and fun , and if you think your daughter would like to style hair , but on a Chloe doll , I suggest Bratz big babyz hair flair doll . Incredible detail on all babyz products . Sold at any trusted toy retailers.Hope this review helps. ; -RCB-
 I love this doll so much . My step dad recently bought it for me . This cloe is adorable , she has big blue eyes and beautiful blonde hair * plastic * . And she is the size of a lil toddler . Cloe comes with a pink vest with a red outline and 2 sparlky hearts on it , a denim with red pleats skirt and lil pink booties with black platforms and a lil baby bottle . She also comes with angel a lil piggy with wings which my mom thought was a dead pig = 0 i was shocked angel is sweet . Cloe also comes with a bratz pack diaper bless . Also a style certificate as if cloe was ur on lil tott . Apparently cloes birthday is May 23rd bless same day as my 7 year old sisters Kerris bday.I would reccomend this angel like dollPeaceEmma xxxxxxxxxxxx
 Tell me , why would MGA put a thong on a baby ? Thongs are peices of strings that wrap around you , and this covers her whole butt . And this baby is downright adorable . She is an adorable baby and I think everyone should get her . She is cute and is not wearing a thong .
 I get relly sick of hearing that baby bratz where thongs because its not true bratz in genral are surposed to be pretty and cool if every one would leave bratz alone or bought one before they said all this it never would have happened what bothers me the most is that kids dont get to play with bratz cause there parents hear this story and dont buy it for them but in my books bratz are the best me and my friend have been playing with them since the day they came out and i have never had a bratz toy break I love love love love love love bratz!But i do wish they would make more kinds please mga lisen to me !
 I have had my cloe doll 4 about a year now and she is played with everyday but yet she has no scratches no dents and is in the same condition as when i first got her she is verry verry durable .
 If you 're a Naruto fan and even the slightest bit interested in the Akatsuki or missing nin 's in general , this is definitely a product worth having.I also purchased the normal Leaf Village Logo -LRB- Konoha -RRB- Headband along with this one and the normal one is basically the same , just the fabric is a different color -LRB- much lighter blue -RRB- , but I love wearing my Anti-Leaf headband even more . The Anti-Leaf headband is not black , but very dark navy blue.I 've bent it out of shape many times , to fit around my neck , my forehead , my upper arm and my thigh and each time it bends right back into it 's normal shape with no sign that I ever bent it in the first place . The fabric is long enough so that I can actually tie it around my waist , through the belt loops on my jeans -LRB- Ino/Lee/Gai-Sensei style -RRB- . It 's hard to tie since there 's nothing but maybe 3 inches to actually tie into a knot . It would have been nice to know how long the ties are , but that 's ok.Roughly , the length of the metal piece is around 6 inches , while its 2 inches wide . There 's extra fabric about a 1/2 inch on the top and bottom of the piece . The long fabric used to tie it is 16 inches long on both sides -LRB- I would hope so -RRB- . There fabric behind the metal piece is just slightly passed and there 's also a really nice extra piece -LRB- attatched on one end and velcroed in the middle and other end -RRB- that 's also slightly padded . It 's not enough padding to make it pop out of your forehead , but just enough to make it comfortable . -LRB- The velcro piece also fits around my upper arm pretty well . -RRB- Overall , it 's a really great piece and I 'm glad I purchased it . I 've received tons of comments on it from `` What is that ?! '' to `` Omigosh , you watch Naruto !? '' and it 's really fun . Sometimes I earn an eyeroll or dirty look from people learning it 's from a manga/anime but most of the time people just laugh and ask where I got it , and if they could get one too , despite not knowing what the heck it is .
 I recieved this item today , and am absolutely astounded by it 's quality ! It 's very clean , and absolutely professionally packaged . I recieved it in a short amount of time , and was very happy with the ability to track it . Amazing quality , and good shipping ! Love you guys !
 I purchased this headband as part of a cosplay I was doing this year . The headband is probably as perfect as it can get , considering it 's pulled from manga/anime . The metal is bendable as a previous poster stated and once double knotted it stays in place quite well . There is some shifting that can occur , but that would occur even with a regular headband . The cloth is dark , navy blue , but it 's perfect for cosplaying.Personally , I have worn it on my head and on my waist . I threaded the ends through my jean loops and tied it in place . Looked pretty nifty there ! : -RRB-
 When I purchased this item , it arrived very fast . It actually arrived 3 days before its expected date . When I first opened it , I was like '' Oh my ga , this is so small ! '' Do not worry though , because it is the perfect size . It covers up exactly how much it should cover and can be worn anywhere . I wear it around my neck , the side of my head , and on my backpack . It is a great buy . The only complaint I have is that I did n't buy two . I love this thing and can not find a single thing wrong with it
 I got this in the mail today and I was in shock ! This is the best headband that i have ever had . It 's the same product in the picture . The only difference is that the cloth is not black but very dark blue . Bending is great because when you are done bending it and want to bend it back there are no bent marks . The only down side is that it smudges easily . Other than that this is a must have product but i want to know what the Velcro part is because i have no idea what it is for .
 I love it . I would DEFIANTLY Suggest it to anyone ! I like Itatchi , Although he killed my Clan alot , and I Follow Akatsuki as well so this Anti-Konoha Headband is Perfect . ^ ^ Trust me , It 's worth the money . I wear it around my neck or on my forehead . ^ . ^ Hope I helped ya !!! ~ Kiumi Uchiha ~ P.S
 So I got my forehead band earlier than I thought , which is always good . I removed the item and saw under my Itachi forehead band on the package was a photo of Sasuke , I thought that was pretty funny . Tried it on it fits perfectly , metal was easy to bend . I 'm actually wearing it Sakura style right now . I 'm a big fan of Naruto , especially the Akatsuki so this is a neat item . -LRB- Heh rambling . -RRB-
 WEll what can i say other than its awesome ? not that much other than its a sweet headband .
 The cloth is thick and the metal is resistant to bending and dents . It maintains its shape well and feels good while wearing .
 This is a great product , really durable material , nice metal plate thats like 6-7 inches wide , its is incredibly cool , the logo is nicely drawn . I recommend it for any naruto fan .
 Okay it came in the mail today , It is not what it advertises it is a very cheap blue cloth.It had a very noticable bend on the left side of metal.metal bends easily ships very fast but came bet and dirty.it s good for price.would not recommend it.you can get other meal ones that are better quality and more shiny .
 i had this thing for three years now . my dad bought it for me in japan . iam personally not a naruto fan , but if ur a fan or not , this head band is worth every cent . its metal of course and it doesnt feel fake . it fits on most heads , and arms , and legs . i have a really big head , so im shocked it even fits me until this day , but it is a very good item , and worth all the money
 When I was looking for this here on Amazon.com , I found this one with eight reveiws . The longest one was absolutly helpful . I ordered it and in five days , it finaly came . I loved it . I wore it for the rest of the day . and that is why I decided to write a reveiw about it.The fabric is a navy blue and the piece with the symbol on it is real metal but with no sharp edges , so it is conpletly safe . The problem is my brother tried it on and it would n't fit . No worries ! It can fit through your belt loops as well.If you have any intrest in Naruto or the Akatsuki team , I really do recomend this product .
 I must say , out of all Ive owned this is by far the best one to get !
 this product is awesome and my son loves it , he never takes it off , he has gotten headbands before but none with this durabilty and quality .
 Since my niece has gotten into japanimation , her current fascination is Naruto . For months she has been looking for one of these headbands . After much searching , I found several on Amazon . I ordered one for my niece 's birthday and she loved it . Everytime she comes to my house to spend the weekend , she has her Naruto headband . Of course , now her younger brother wants one . Whatever will I do ????
 I 'm what you call a narutard , this version of sasukes anti leaf headband is awesome . I sort of expected to receive a cruddy metal with cloth flimsily attatched , but it was bolted to the cloth , the cloth was durable and tough , the metal was the real steel , and it bent wherever I wanted it to ... definately buy from this seller
 My daughter uses the headband as a toy and as a hair piece , a must for any Naruto fan to add to their collection !
 fits great looks great had no problems with it at all i would recommend anyone buying this for crossplay its ligit
 It looks just as it does in the picture , and for the price , you get more than what you payed for !
 I got this for fun and wear it every so often with friends and it looks legit because the plate is metallic . Stiff at first but it is malleable so that it can bent to the shape of your forehead . Good buy , I would have liked the cloth to have been of better material but for the price you ca n't go wrong .
 I saw people using the product and I liked it so I decided to buy one which is very good
 My little bro love Naruto . I saw this and knew he would love to have one . It arrived with in the schedualed day and in great condition .
 A Christmas present for my step daughter . She is going to love it ! Looks just like the picture , and arrived really early !
 This headband is exactly what any Naruto fan needs . The metal on it is very durable and not that flexible plastic you find on other headbands . Only flaw is I wish the cloth was longer but other than that its perfect . This is THE headband to buy .
 This toy is a great addition to any collection , though the fact that it only comes with one vehicle and one figure kind of stinks . Trident is an ultimate bad guy and including him in such a large set is a little weird . I would personally include him in a smaller set . And if they would package it with the battle vehicles or with a complete set of the Titans , it would be more worth the cost . Overall , the Titan 's Tower is an okay toy , but more included would really liven it up .
 My son really loves this teen titans play center . Just wish , it was bigger , with the rooms , that they show on tv . and should have more accessories with it .
 As a parent , this tower is a bit of a pain as the tower does n't stay on the base well , and the figures do n't fit in their seats without falling off . However , this is n't MY toy , it 's my son 's , and he LOVES it . He and his friends have spent many hours playing with it , and they like the way Robin falls down the chute and into the vehicle , which you can then launch out of the doorway . The toy is durable , has lots of ways to be played with , and is a hit with my son , so I feel it was money well spent !
 My son -LRB- 4 1/2 -RRB- loved this present . He loves that it does a whole bunch of things.It launches the cars two different ways . It just has a bunch of cool ways to play with it , I do n't want to ruin your fun by telling them all :-RRB- Have fun !!
 My 7yo son received this for Christmas this morning , and it 's a cute toy , but it has several major design flaws that should be fixed to justify the toy 's cost .1 . They should mention who on earth the included bad guy is . We 've been watching the cartoons since its debut 2 years ago and I 've been reading the comics since issue 1 , and I still had no idea who Trident was . It does n't mention his name anywhere on the box or the -LRB- extremely vague and convoluted -RRB- instructions . I only learned from reading the Amazon.com reviews ! 2 . What does that little orange lever in the back of the tower do ? It does n't seem to be good for anything except to have a figure stand on it . Huh .3 . The orange platform/launch lever that is supposed to launch the vehicle just plain does n't work as it should . Like another reviewer , I had to poke around with a flathead screwdriver to figure it out . From carefully perusing the -LRB- again , extremely convoluted -RRB- instructions , I 've realized the reality is that it does n't unfold and launch the vehicle when you press down on the handle button . It EJECTS at the first press , then you have to unfold it and stretch out the orange bridge , THEN push it back into the base , and only on the * second * push does it actually launch the vehicle . This is bizarre and tedious for a small child .4 . The base does n't easily tip over for us at all , but it does come apart from the tower very very easily . It is only attached by a small ledge and two tiny knobs . A more secure attachment method is a must , and the base of the T-tower should be more weighted so that it does n't tip over as easily . I will be epoxying the base to the T-tower as well , but I should n't have to just to keep the toy together .5 . Finally , the conveyor belt is a COOL idea , but my son did n't receive all the vehicles on Christmas . He instead received the five action figures without the vehicles -LRB- it was a gift from an elderly relative who could n't afford them - all five with the vehicles are pricey ! -RRB- Without the vehicles , the conveyor belt is pretty useless because the toy only comes with one vehicle . It 's a cool idea though , and he 'll be getting the other 4 vehicles next month for his birthday , but I ca n't help but feel that there should 've been a little more value added for the price to this toy.That said , I gave this toy a 5 in fun , because despite its multiple serious limitations , there is a LOT to do on this toy . Various methods of torpedo launchings which can also be attached to the Robin car ; once you get the vehicle launching coordinated , it really is fun for the kids to launch the little cars ; many seats and platforms on which the Titans can stand , and it looks absolutely beautiful and very true to the show . There is room for all five of the Titans to sit , hide and stand all over the set , so it 's got a lot of outlets for your little Titans fan 's imagination to go wild . Additionally , the sound on the trigger -LRB- `` Tean Titans ! GO ! '' -RRB- is crystal clear and lots of fun to hear . My son has been playing with it all morning and it seems pretty durable so far.I think with a bit more thought toward user-friendliness and customer value , this toy would 've been ideal . I 'm not sure it 's worth what they 're asking for , but it is a pretty good time .
 Very nicely done and accurate in detail . Appears to be slightly larger than 1/43 scale .
 My daughter is 19 months old , and she has a couple sets of Pop Onz . She loves to put them together , and then says `` wow , '' and walks around showing everyone what she 's done . They 're easy to put together , easy to take apart , large enough to handle easily , colorful , and overall just plain fun . I 'm not sure what the previous reviewer meant about animals `` jumping '' as opposed to `` roaming , '' since that really has nothing to do with this toy . It 's a building toy , folks . That 's all there is to it . It 's great for hand-eye coordination and , since there are so many possible combinations , it 's a toy that a child in the appropriate age group wo n't likely get bored with quickly . Again , this is a fun toy !
 My 19 month old daughter enjoys the music from the pond very much . She 'll spin it and laugh when the music starts and will yell `` I DID IT ! '' . She thinks the pig and cow are funny looking and likes the chicken in the barn , but she wants to pull the chicken out of the barn and gets frustrated because she can not . She does like pulling the objects off of each other and running her hands over the bumpy grid .
 This stuffed polar bear LOOKS like a real polar bear . It is the perfect size , and is extremely soft . My 11 year old daughter loves it !
 LOVE this little guy ! i bought it for my nephew and he loves it too !! it 's so cute and so plush ! very hugable !
 Bear was as advertized and was delivered in prompt manner . My grandchildren love it . No complaints .
 This to me is the realistic view of the animals coming to Noah before the Ark was finished . Noah , his family and the animals became acquainted with each other before the flood . This is beautiful .
 While this is n't a `` must have '' tool for your building bench , it is worth having one around . A nice combination of a ruler , fin guide , and square edge which will keep your door and window jambs from getting marked up as you try to use them to draw the straight lines for your fins .
 This is the second guide I purchased from Estes . It is make of quality plastic and is a must for building model rockets . Makes it a breeze to mark body tubes . If you want straight lines and perfectly spaced fins - this is a must have . Item was shipped fast and arrived in good condition .
 I 've been using these for years and they both work GREAT ! The tool for drawing a line around a tube is a must have for any hobby or competition rocketeer -LRB- i am both -RRB- . The fin alignment guide is just a plus ! No more finding the alignment on a piece of paper to align the fins . If you 're serious about building rockets or just starting , buy these .
 This is a relatively inexpensive tool that will make your model making easier and help you avoid the need to be using door frames to draw lines . If you 're new to model rockets , or returning after 20 or 30 years as the grown-up , here 's the easiest way I can describe why you need this
 The Estes Tube Marking Guide is great for hobbyist rocket builders . Offering a stable and level tool for marking fin and launch lug lines . No more marring of your household doorjambs . The ruler section has a notched and raised guide to keep fins in place for gluing . The kit also includes two stands including many of the sizes of rocket tubes for aligning the fins on your rocket . If you 're looking for a handy tool to help you build your rocket kits this is a great choice .
 I just bought this toy and I personally think it is worth more then the cost . Aqualad is my favorite character and the T-sub is a great addition to any fans collection . The fact that it can open and all five Titans can fit inside is great . Kids can relive their favorite episode . The Aqualad figure is very durable and fun to play with . This is well worth the money .
 Both my grandson and grandaughter have gotten many years of use out of this wonderful kitchen island . Very well made , sturdy and looks great , It actually stays in our kitchen so they can cook when we cook . I absoluately love this product . If you are lucky enough to find one it will be well worth the money . A family heirloom .
 I bought this kitchen for my 1.5 year old nephew . Instead of always digging in the grown ups kitchen , he now has a kitchen at his size with pots and pans he can manage . Not only does he enjoy it , the kitchen looks very nice in a playroom , and is perfect for parents who want elegant looking toys , that do n't create clutter . It 's a beautiful piece , and a ton of fun for the kids . Highly recommended .
 This is a perfect kit for budding artists . Unlike other kits I have seen that are made of some kind of breakable plaster material , this kit has a strong , sturdy wooden sculpture . I thought that my kids would n't have enough paint for this activity , but I was wrong . There was plenty of paint , and the paint itself was surprisingly a good quality and covered the sculpture well . I highly recommend these kits . My kids really had a great time with this activity and that translates to me that it was money well spent .
 This is a favorite with my 4 year olds . They love the feel of the litte wooden mice and love counting and pretending to feed the cat . A great game.They learn turn taking and rule following too .
 My only complaint about this game is the information states for 4 and up , I personally feel even an average 2 1/2 year old can learn to play this game , for sure a 3 year old . Once the child is 4 they are more than likely ready to move on to a little more challenging of a game . Games that come to mind , would be hi-ho cherry , candy land , RAt-A-Tat CAt by gameright , and Trouble.The game play has been explained well in other reviews . Roll the two dice , use the picture clues on the dice to either keep a mouse , take a mouse or put one back . Whom every runs out of mice is out of the game . Play continues until only one person remains with a mouse or mice.Picture clues are a bowl , meaning feed the kitty a mouse.A mouse , meaning take a mouse back , A cat sleeping , means do n't do anything , and an arrow , meaning loose a turn , goes to the next person . You have two dice.The game consists of a small green plastic bowl , 2 dice , and I beleive 20 little wooden purple mice . -LRB- Warning there is no actual kitty of any kind in the box , I set the box lid up on it 's side for the younger children to use as referrence , or you could put a stuffed kitten near the bowlbox states 2 to 5 players . ages 4 and up.There is chocking hazards for children under 3 , so game should not be left out with smaller children with no supervision .
 My daughter just turned three . Her five year old brother loves to play games but most are too difficult for her and it is hard for her to feel included . I was looking for a simple first game that would teach her taking turns , dice skills , and other game basics . This game turned out to be perfect.The concept of the game is simple . This game comes with purple wooden mice , a green plastic cat dish , and two picture dice . The game starts by dividing the mice evenly among the players and leaving a few in the dish for kitty -LRB- The directions tell you how many to give each player and how many to leave in kitty 's dish depending on the number of players . -RRB- Each player then takes turns rolling two dice . Depending on what you roll you `` feed the kitty '' -LRB- put one mouse in the kitty dish -RRB- , have a `` sleepy kitty '' -LRB- do nothing -RRB- , `` pass a mouse to the left '' -LRB- give one of your mice to the player on the left -RRB- , or `` take a mouse '' -LRB- take one mouse from kitty 's dish -RRB- . Because there are two dice , there are two actions per play . For example if you roll an arrow and a kitty dish , you pass one mouse to the player on your left and add one mouse to kitty 's dish.The pictures on the dice make it easy for young players to understand . The game is simple and quick paced . In the end , the winner is the one person left with mice when all the other players have none . My daughter loves this game and ask to play it again and again.Although the age on the box says 4 + , it is good for ages 3 to 5 . You can also play this game with 2 to 5 players . My five year old still enjoys the game but likes more challenging games as well . This is a good starter game to get your young child interested in family game time . If your young child likes this , also try `` Lucky Ducky '' .
 We bought this game for our 5 year old daughter for Christmas not knowing anything about it . It has become a favorite of ours ever since . We have given it as a gift on several occasions . It 's easy enough for a mature 2 year old to play and fun enough for a group of 9 year olds as well . We take it on vacations and to parties , even while we waited for a table at a restaurant . It 's unpredictable and changes every time you play it . Just when you think you lost , you could be the winner in the end . Each game is just the right amount of time , not too long for younger players , and not too short for the others . I highly recommend this game as a fun , fast-paced activity for your family .
 I gave this as a gift to a 3 yr old . Such a great , age appropriate game that toddlers can play on their own .
 I bought this game for my speech kids to play . It is simple , fun and does n't take up much space .
 The pp have explained how the game is played really well . My 4.5 year old boy and his 8 year old neighbor boy go crazy to play this game ! They always end up playing 5-10 games in a row , giggling like mad , and literally rolling on the floor , holding their sides from laughter . I honestly ca n't tell you why they and their friends think it is so funny . We 've had it for a year and it has never lost its appeal . Neither one is `` touched , '' so the game must be tapping into something some of us parents have lost -LRB- although I have a great time playing too , just more because of their joy ! -RRB- . Or my husband and i are touched or simpletons and are not in on the joke . In any case , they can play by themselves for an hour or we are happy to play with them -LRB- unlike Hi Ho Cherry-O ! Must . Remove . Daggers . From . Eyes . To . Stop . Bleeding . -RRB- We did make some rule changes though to make the game more interesting : We changed the rule to make the first one to give all the mice to the kitty be the winner . Did n't like holding out on the poor cat.We swapped the flimsy plastic bowl for a real kitten bowl . The wooden mice clinking into ceramic adds to the old time fun.We changed the rule of pass to the left to pass the the person on the left that has the least mice left . -LRB- added more math -RRB- As some others have said , I agree that it teaches basic game playing manners - turn taking , fine motor skills of how to roll dice , patience , empathy for the other players , but also basic math -LRB- how many mice do you have ? -RRB- , and good sportsmanship . Maybe not Kumon level skills , but the 8 year old gladly drops his Wii and my son tosses the Angry Birds to play this tactile , gentle , back when summers were summers game . Parents , I promise you will not want to tear your eyelids out , but you will want to dial it back and play with / watch your child with an easy game on a different definition of time spent .
 My 5 year old absolutely loves this game . It 's easy to learn , and quick to play . It is purely based on the luck of the roll so she wins as much as anyone . No strategy or thinking required so definitely a game where the adults enjoyment stems from the kids having fun .
 I play this with my almost five granddaughter and she ca n't get enough ! It is a fun game for young children - no one wins or loses , and they learn to count , and roll dice and follow directions . Listening to her explain how to play the game to her aunt after only playing the game a few times herself was amazing !
 Pros
 My daughter LOVES this game ! We got it for her right around the time she turned three and it took a couple of games for her to catch on to following the symbols on the dice , but once she did she did n't want to stop playing ! The bonus is that Mom and Dad actually enjoy it , too ! Definitely recommend this . The only negative - the bowl is a bit flimsy - would definitely buy again anyway , though .
 This is such a cute game . We first played it with our 2 grandkids , we loved it so much that we bought 4 more games to give to our other grandkids and to keep one at home . Even adults do n't mind playing this game . I highly recommend this great little game .
 When I saw this game in the store , I just had to have it ! It was too cute for words ! But , when we actually played it I was SO glad I picked it up ! My whole family loves this game . Everyone can play it right down to our 3 yr old . If you 've ever played Left Center Right -LRB- LCR -RRB- , this game is played much like it , but with mice rather than chips . The concept is cute , the game is quick -LRB- 15 minutes or less -RRB- , and everyone has fun . What more could you ask for ?!
 Our whole family loves to play this game -LRB- our youngest is 4 -RRB- . It is really so much fun ! One of the best parts is you really ca n't predict who will win , so even if someone thinks they 're losing , they can come back and win the game -LRB- which is nice when you have kids who do n't necessarily like to keep playing games when they think they 're losing ... -RRB- . This is a great game for families with multiple children at different age levels .
 It 's not a cooperative game , but it 's so simple -- just dice rolls and following the instructions -- that you do n't get invested in your fate as you might in a more complex strategy game , and as a result , you can sort of be rooting for each other , rather than taking victories and losses personally . Perfect for my 4-5-year-old , but also easy fun for her parents when a little diversion is needed . Not sure what makes it fun , but sometimes simple and silly is what you need !
 The toy consists of two special dice -LRB- of excellent quality -RRB- , about 20 or so wooden mice -LRB- also of good quality -RRB- , and a rather chincy `` kitty bowl '' . The rules are easy enough for a 4 year old to quickly pick up - this makes an excellent second game after Candyland has run it 's course . There 's no strategy . For that matter , there 's no choices - it 's a game of chance only.So why would I like this game ? It teaches `` how to play a game '' pretty well . It has enough variability that the game itself is exciting , and you can tune the length of the game by reducing the number of starting pieces.If your little one has already mastered games of any significant complexity , such as tic-tac-toe or checkers , this game may be too simple for them . For mine , it was just right . In six months , she 'll have outgrown it - but that 's to be expected at this age .
 This is a review for The Feed The Kitty Game.I bought this game for my niece for Christmas.My niece loves it . She is 4 years old . But she does n't understandthe regular rules so we create our own . She still loves it anyways .
 This is a cute game that seems to keep the attention span of my three year old for at least 10 minutes , which says a lot !
 My 3yr old Grand Daughter loves playing Feed The Kitty , sometimes using the directions and sometimes her own version , but in either case she loves it . The pieces are large enough for a 3yr old and the basics are very simple . She has learned patience , sharing and taking turns . I would recommend this game .
 Everyone should have this game . It is the perfect game for families because adults enjoy it as much as the kids . Even young kids can play , because there is no reading , just pictures on the dice . You start with some wooden mice and roll the dice to see if you put one in the cat bowl , take one from the bowl , pass one or do nothing . You never know who is going to win until the end , because even if you run out of mice early , there is a chance someone might have to pass you their 's . The last person with mice wins . We have played games where only two people had a mouse at the end , but neither of them won because they had to pass them to other players . The game is small , easy to learn and a lot of fun . Buy it now , you 'll be glad you did .
 I purchased this game for the holidays for my daughter who just turned four . The game is fast enough that it keeps her attention . She is able to follow along with the instructions of the game . It allows her to work on counting and following instructions .
 This game is absolutely a blast . Our son loves it and it 's easy for him and us to play and it teaches competition while still making things exciting . We all giggle over what rolls we get . If we get two sleeping cats we exclaim -LRB- CATEYES ! -RRB- like rolling snake-eyes . We have so much fun and even though the box is almost half in pieces it is worth the purchase and a wonderful wonderful game !
 This game is really easy to play . It does n't require reading , which makes it easy for your pre-reader to pick it up.Some reviewers have said that it 's boring because it does n't involve any strategy . I did n't find it boring . In fact , I was relieved that I could just enjoy playing it with my 3 year old instead of constantly reminding her of the rules and/or doing the reading for her . She picked up on what the dice were telling her to do very quickly.We have fun playing together and there 's a lot of laughing!And the purple mice are the cutest things ever !
 This makes it so my 3 year old can play cards with us now . Makes it easier for the 5 year old too .
 We received this game as a birthday gift for my 4 year old , and we really enjoy it . My only stink about it is the `` kitty bowl '' which is flimsy and cheap . A real bummer when you have an active kid wanting to play the game ; I know I will have to replace the bowl with one of our own soon . That said , the little wooden mice and the dice are sturdy and cute . If we ditch the bowl and put the pieces in a little bag , it could be a good traveling game -LRB- restaurant diversion ! -RRB- .
 I loved how this game had number concepts that were beyond just counting skills for young children.I also loved the simple and quick charm that the game had , which reminded me of the games I played as a child . I 'm in my 20s and I think this game would be great for when my friends and I want soething to do , but do n't want to explain the hard and long rules of the games marketed to our age group .
 This game is easy to learn and fun to play . The kids like that the game can suddenly change - someone can go quickly from almost out to winning the game . There is no skill involved - the game is based only on how the dice rolls , so it does get kind of monotonous for adults . Very much like the LCR games that adults play , maybe a good introduction for older kids into LCR .
 This game is so simple but It is just a blast . I love to sit and play it with my kids . It does n't take alot of brain power so you end up doing alot of talking together .
 We bought this game to play with our sons -LRB- ages 3 and 5 -RRB- and they love it ! It 's easy to learn , quick to play , and a lot of fun . And unlike some of the kid games out there , it 's not mind numblingly dumb or boring . Our boys love being able to roll the dice each time -- and believe it or not , this is one of two games we own where there are no tantrums over who won and who lost . They just ask to play again , again , again!It 's even good for kids who are n't counting very high , and both the kids are engaged while we play . There are probably more educational games around , but this one is just plain fun . : -RRB- A quick ` how to ' for this game : Roll the two dice.Sleeping kitty - do nothingArrow - pass one of your mice to the person on your leftMouse - take a mouse from the bowlFood bowl - feed the kitty one of your miceSo if you roll an arrow and a food bowl , you pass one mouse to the left and put one in the bowl . The last person with mice left wins . Very simple to play and as I said up above , it 's a quick moving game -- no time to get bored .
 It 's fun to find unusual prereader games , and since we have a four-year-old `` cat person '' at home , this was perfect . The directions are easy , and even humorous -LRB- the person with the shortest pinky goes first -RRB- . The game is fast-paced and ends at a time that suits the attention span . The cat dish is a little on the flimsy side , but is easily enough replaced by any old bowl from home if it splits . And we think the purple wooden mice are a scream . This is a perfect after-dinner game to play when you just want a short game that does n't get everyone too wound up before getting ready for bed .
 Feed the Kitty is a great game for teaching basic counting skills and turn taking . I love the simplicity of the rules of this game as my 3 children play it together and are able to understand what they are supposed to do . That greatly cuts down on arguments . True it is a pretty basic game , but once they tire of playing with it they like to `` feed '' the wooden mice to their stuffed cats so it gets plenty of play value as long as they do n't loose the mice .
 This is a simple yet active game that keeps children involved and interested . They love to roll the dice and the instrucitons and rules could not be easier . I would recommend this game to anyone with small children !
 I bought this game recently for my four year-old girl . I had n't heard of it before but took a chance based on the recommendation on the front from the Oppenheimer Toy Portfolio , a source I frequently use when choosing toys/books , etc for my daughter . Luckily this turned out to be a very fun game for her age . It 's very simple , no strategies involved , and lasts about 10-15 minutes per game . Winning this game is purely based on the roll on the dice . The pictures on the dice when rolled determine what moves a player should make , ie . sleeping kitty -LRB- do nothing -RRB- , arrow sign -LRB- give player to your left a mouse -RRB- , kitty bowl -LRB- put a mouse in the kitty bowl -RRB- , & a mouse -LRB- take a mouse from the kitty bowl -RRB- . The player holding the last mouse wins . The pieces are cute and the little purple wooden mice are very sturdy . The only reason I gave this 4 stars vs. 5 , being that the mice are likely to get lost/misplaced because they 're so small and there 's no stategy involved , it 's all luck , which I guess for a four year-old is ok , not too stimulating for adults .
 This game is great for little ones ! It has helped our son grasp the concept of following rules and taking turns . It 's a game that I can play over and over again !
 My children love this game ! They are 2 , 4 , and 6 years old . They are able to play the game with just the three of them , with no adult intervention -LRB- the 6 year old leading the play , but we sometimes play too ! -RRB- . It is really cute , and yes , very similar to LCR , which we also have . It is great for the kids because they can easily pick up on reading the dice , which have pictures . I bought this game for my nieces and nephews for the holidays after seeing how much my kids love it . They are way more excited to play this game than LCR because it is very cute - little wooden mice instead of chips etc. . My only complaint would be that the ante bowl is a `` cat bowl '' made out of pretty cheap plastic - I am sure that it wo n't last long , but it is n't truly necessary to the game .
 My 3 1/2 year old and I played this at a friend 's house and I came right home and ordered it for our own home . My daughter loved it and wanted to play again and again . It is great for learning to take turns , following directions , and how to be a good sport about winning and losing . This will be the go-to gift for her friends turning 4 this year . The bonus is that it is n't as annoying as some children 's games , so I am happy to play along !
 the kids love the idea of feeding mice to the cat . they love controlling the dice and counting.sturdy construction and they learn while having fun .
 My 4 year old recieved this game as a Christmas Eve gift from Nana - the very next day she was teaching ME how to play it . It 's a simple concept but very fun and unpredictable , it 's more fun if more than 2 people are playing . By rolling 2 dice with pictures on them , you have the option of either feeding the kitty a mouse into the dish , taking a mouse from the dish , giving a mouse to another player , or doing nothing on that turn . The player who can keep their mice the longest wins/those who lose all of their mice lose the game.Lots of fun for kids and adults , my only -LRB- tiny -RRB- complaint is that the dice are HUGE - and they kind of need to be because they have pictures on them - which makes them hard for little hands to toss/roll . We 've given my daughter a plastic cup that she can roll them around in and then roll them onto the table , that makes it a bit easier for her .
 I found a used game at a second hand store locally and got it to play with the grandkids . The youngest loved it and wanted it for her birthday ; problem solved . They all had a great time playing it at her birthday party !
 This is a great game for young kids . DS received as a gift when he was younger and we have given it as gifts to younger nieces and nephews . Much loved and fun for all .
 It came as a recommedation from a mom who had kids the right age . I 'm always looking for a game that 's easy for little peopleand can engage a larger age group , ie big sisters brothers aunts uncles ...
 This game was fun for the 4.5 year old at home . It is fun , cute and easy to play . A good game to add to a series of classics . I wish the bowl was not as flimsy as it is . But any bowl can do if it breaks . The little wooden mice and the dice are well made .
 it 's a simple game that plays quickly ; no strategy involved , it 's totally luck . Even older kids are willing to play it . Not a lot of educational value , except maybe learning to count objects up to 8 and learning to be a good sport .
 This is such a cute little game . Sometimes we 'll play right before dinner is ready . I have a 5yrs and a 3yrs old and it 's good for them to learn to take turn and if I ca n't join them they can play by themselves - We have a lot of games and this one is top rated .
 Our boys age 3 , 5 and 7 love to play LCR ... and this is a great game just for them . Everything is nice quality . It 's a great little game and quick too .
 Great i really loved it just what i wanted running out of words to say so this is the end
 If ter is any bratz babyz lover out ter , u should see this new wagon they made , its really cool to play but oneday ul get bored with it but tat day could be like in one year , anyways i just got this wagon and wen i play with it with my bratz babyz yasmin , its really fun . One of the games we play that she is going on a picnic and shes putting her in it and even u can make different kinds of games using ur own imagination . bye for now
 My 15 year old daughter , and myself worked this together . It is a gorgeous puzzle . Pretty difficult with all the blues , fabrics and small pieces . It was a lot of fun to do as a Christmas activity ! I have given it four stars for the oddly shaped pieces , which did make it more difficult . It would also be nice if the pieces were a bit heavier .
 This puzzle was fun to do , colors and patterns were amazing ! The shapes were odd - but fun . Because of some of the odd shapes , it did come apart more easily than other puzzles have . All in all , we were pleased and will purchase Sunsout puzzles , again . -LRB- This was our first -RRB-
 Another great puzzle by Sunsout . This is the more traditional squarish design rather than the nice widescreen-sized puzzles , of which I am becoming quite fond . That is the only reason I made this a four-star review rather than a five-star . The pieces on this one , while nice with a superb amount of variety in them , are average in size , making this puzzle fragile like typical puzzles once put together.The many different blues in this puzzle are incredible and really make this a very beautiful item . There was just the right amount of difference in the shades that it was not too hard to put together . The mix of gold shades in the wisemen and the camels stand out just enough in contrast to the blues.Very good puzzle !
 these travel pillows come in different sizes . . although this one is for kids , it is too small for my 12 year old . . but we maneuver it . . and it works . .
 My grandson loved how soft and cuddly this wolf is . He uses it to sleep on the way home from school .
 I bought this for my 2 year old for Christmas so he has n't used it yet but it looks really nice and feels very soft . It seems like it will be a good fit . After he uses it after Christmas I will update !
 The product was cute and my grandson seemed to love it . However , his parents felt that he could not use it while in his car seat , which was the idea for buying it in the first place . But I 'm sure he will get good use of it in the future . I have an adult sized one I use for traveling and I find it to be comfortable when I am sleeping in the car .
 The first reviewer down below obviously has n't researched this product as fully as he should have . This is NOT a beginner 's plane . It is a 3-channel , low-wing aileron flyer . For a beginner 's type plane , check out the ParkZone J-3 Cub , Slo-V , or the new HobbyZone Cub coming out in July '06 - they are high wing planes , slower , and use rudders and elevators rather than ailerons.However , if you 've already garnered some experience not only in RC plane piloting , but also in an aileron aircraft , you should enjoy this plane immensely . While ParkZone has somewhat improved upon the P-51D 's design with their new Focke Wulf 190 they recently released , who could resist flying this American classic?With the stock motor , battery , and prop , it 's rated for a top speed of 40 MPH straight from the factory . Again , much more speed and much different handling characteristics than what you 'll want -LRB- and be able to handle -RRB- if you 're new to the hobby . We all want to fly great looking planes , but you have to work your way up . Otherwise you 'll end up just wasting money and getting turned off before you ever make it to the REALLY awesome planes.In comparison , the ParkZone J-3 Cub flys at cruising speed of 20 MPH from the factory , is a high wing plane , and though it is 3-channel -LRB- throttle , rudder , and elevator controls -RRB- , it is still MUCH more suited for a beginner pilot . I fly my Cub nearly ever day , actually ... it 's peaceful and easy to manage.The Slo-V is a slow enough flyer to actually launch and fly it in a large gym or meeting hall , and an incredibly popular flyer for both beginners and experts as well with lots of possibilties to upgrade and enhance it -LRB- though it 's a purely `` functional '' aircraft and is n't scale by any means ... it looks more like a stick with wings than a plane -RRB- . So in conclusion , this is a fun and inexpensive Ready-to-Fly package for the intermediate to experienced pilot , but not suggested for people new to flying R/C planes . You 'll most likely just end up frustrated and broke if you buy this before learning to fly with a more `` trainer '' type of craft .
 An experienced friend of mine , who has taught me a thing or two about this hobby , has flown this airplane dozens of times with little trouble . With that in mind , I 've been hearing countless misconceptions about flying model airplanes . For one , `` Ready to Fly '' does not mean you can just take the plane out of the box and shoot it into the air . It simply means that the airplane comes with all its parts and requires roughly 1 hour of preparation . Other more expensive models -LRB- which are even more difficult to fly -RRB- require a VERY expensive universal radio which can be around $ 300 - $ 400 . Some of them do n't even have motors or servos ! Another problem people encounter is the weather . Do not fly in strong winds unless you 're REALLY experienced ! If you flew a plane on a larger scale , it would be like trying to fly in a twister . Model airplanes may be durable but they ARE N'T indestructible ! After having that cleared up , let 's talk about this Mustang . Despite its small motor , it is powerful enough climb vertically to point and perform stunts . The range of the radio is okay , nothing new in model airplanes . My rule of thumb is that if you can see which direction the airplane 's heading , you 're okay . The only disadvantage this Mustang has is that it has no landing gears , so I suggest trying to land it somewhere grassy . However , I highly do not recommend this plane for begginners . I currently fly a J3 Cub and it 's pretty fast . However , this Mustang is fastER . That 's not surprising since this Mustang has a larger battery than the Cub . Aside from being extremely fast , this Mustang has ailerons that allow the plane to do barrel-rolls . With the horizontal tail rudder added in , the plane has the ability to change directions . Ailerons are definitely not recommended for beginners since they can sometimes spin out of control . Other planes , such as my J3 Cub , use a vertical tail rudder to turn , which allows better control . If you are a beginner , have an interest in flying model airplanes , and are not afraid to spend roughly 100-200 dollars , I suggest you start with a Slo-V , which is from the same company and is pretty much the slowest plane on the market . According to other reviews , the Slo-V is also durable . Sometimes it 's better to start off easy than to spend more money buying spare parts . As long as you read the ENTIRE instruction manual , -LRB- especially the WARRANTY ! In fact , the warranty should be the first thing you peruse as soon as you open the box -RRB- , you could save a lot of money and have fun flying and teaching with friends and family !
 This plane is build with EPP foam , which absorbs shock from unexpected encounters :1 -RRB- I planted the plane nose-first into the grass following a hand launch ; the spinner broke off but the plane was otherwise good to go .2 -RRB- I flew into some tree branches at full speed ; the canopy popped off , the plane got jostled around , then exited the tree and kept on flying ! Other than a small dent in the wing , there was no damage .
 This plane takes alot to get off the ground you really have to throw this thing but once its up there your good to go i would recommend to stand on top of hill and throw it so it has more of a chance getting airborne .
 I had looked all over the place for this item and could only find it here for a reasonable price . I had seen them online but no golf shop carried them . They really are a great tool for helping get control of your shots . So you ca n't drive them 400 + yards , but they show you how you are hitting and chipping wrong and then you can compensate . Great training aid .
 Great Product that I 've used before so I knew that I would be satisfied in that department . The package itself did not take the 5-10 days that it was estimated to . It was at my house on Monday and I ordered Thursday night . Very well done .
 Were do I start with this product ... Its AWESOME ! nearly pays for itself after one use . Great way to get out with your kid or friends on a nice day . No more driving range fees , play in your back yard , do n't worry about taking out a window .
 nice puzzle for the Christmas season , very enjoyable putting this puzzle togeather and a good way to get into the Christmas spirit
 This is a wonderful picture of Christs birth . The animals and the meager surroundings are just beautiful . The colors are excellent . I would recommend this to anyone .
 Awesome quality and lots of fun with the family , get to talk about the significance of the birth of our savior
 I bought this puzzle as a gift . It was just finished over Christmas and it was absolutelly stunning ! The colors are very rich but I will have to say that the shapes of the pieces are unusual and it is somewhat complicated because there are a lot of tones of the same color making it harder to put together . A great buy !! If you like puzzles you will love this one .
 The Sunsout No Room at The Inn Puzzle has oddly shaped pieces that are somewhat difficult to put together . I am currently still working on it , but so far , it looks great ! I would recommend this puzzle to anyone with a little extra time on their hands and the love of solving puzzles . Overall , I am very happy with my purchase .
 The puzzle is amazingly beautiful . It is like having an in progress Nativity Scene and so beautiful for Christmas . It is hard enough to be a bit of a challenge and yet easy enough to see progress . It shipped very quickly , in excellent condition , and had a better finish and better artwork than I expected . I bought it for Christmas and put it on a board I can move around . The puzzle stays out and people move back and forth working on it . They can work on it and have a nice conversation at the same time . I collect Nativity Scenes . I did n't expect a puzzle to be one of them , but this one has become part of my collection . I knew when I bought it that it would be too tedious for my younger than teen grandchildren , so I had another one out for them .
 This puzzle was delivered on time as stated by the company . The puzzle has been great fun for our family in preparation for Christmas . Advent is a time to anticipate Christ 's birth , what better way than with a Nativity scene puzzle ?
 This is a well made Backgammon set and the Movers have a good feel in your hand . Good quality dice and a set of rudimentary instructions . The case closes securely and is a nice size for a home set . Recommended .
 The game came well-packaged . The sturdy case opened up to a well-stitched felt board and nice shaped/weighted pieces . This large game board is good for playing on a coffee or kitchen table . Oh , one last thing , it came with instructions !
 Great quality and great value ! Highly recommended . I bought it for my wife for Christmas and we will have many years of backgammon ahead of us !
 Getting the family back to ` family time ' and away from individual video entertainment , I decided that we should buy a backgammon board . WE now enjoy this well made , good-looking `` toy '' 3x a week . I would recommend this named product for anyone seeking a new board . The price was right , it arrived promptly and in good packaging . WHat more can I say ?
 This board was not very expensive , and for what it cost it is a wonderful set . Since I am not a tournament player it will last me for years to come . My wife and I would have no more fun on an expensive set . The stones have a perfect weight and feel . The board is large enough to be easy to use . I would highly recommended this set to anyone who is just getting started or is a casual player .
 I was very impressed with the quality of the backgammon set . It looks nice and is very durable , especially considering the great price .
 It 's larger than I expected , it 's pretty big . The quality seems ok , the interior is made of some kind of fabric/textile material , it 's not wood or plastic . The suitcase looks good and I 'm satisfied so far .
 I bought this for my nephew 's birthday as backgammon is a fun family tradition that we all still enjoy . He is only 9 , and yet , he was so thrilled with the gift and said he wants to `` have this set forever '' . Highly recommend as a gift !
 Seems to be of good quality , good game board . Price could be lower though as on most things . I paid the price because it was a gift .
 This item arrived just as expected . Vinyl case , stitched points , basic quality backgammon set .
 Backgammon is a great game to learn and play . My son is learning fast and beating dad already . This board is a great size for all ages , the pieces are weighted well and prvide good gameplay . The vinyl seems durable enough for home use and should provide years of fun . Very good value .
 The set is decent quality . Only problem is that many of the round pieces were scratched .
 The game was just what my son wanted . The color of it matched his college colors and he was thrilled . Amazon.com comes through again ! Thanks !!!
 This is a great Backgammon board , well worth the money and every time I play it brings back memories of those warm sultry nights on Clark AFB on the balcony of 7513 with Heaven tonight or Candyo playing so loud.Great Product .
 I purchased a new backgammon set and it arrived in perfect condition . The only problem I had was the black pieces . They were somehow discolored on every one . This problem was not present on the white . Everytime I play it the black pieces bother me . I would like instructions on getting another set of black pieces . I feel that I should not have to pay since this set was not cheap . Please advise.Thanks , Gary H.
 This is perfect for anyone who occasionally plays . I could see it getting worn out if used heavily . But then again for the price I guess it would n't be too bad to replace .
 this set is big ! it 's very well made , the pieces are nice , the board is durable . I would recommend this set , especially for the price !
 very nice set at a good price , only nit is the black points are the same color as the black pieces and it is hard to see them , a dark shade of grey would have been better .
 This backgammon set is beautiful and if you like backgammon , then it is a great addition to your game repitoire and worth the value .
 We bought this game for our 8 year old grandson . It is a very nice game that will last him a lifetime !
 The accessories are excellent , but I am having a lot of trouble learning how the Kindle Paperwhite works and where to go to find answers
 This is a large -LRB- 18 inch -RRB- board that is well made and of good quality . I like the gray and black look . Very nice and it 's such a fun game for all ages . Fast delivery and in perfect condition .
 This board is not a top of the line board by any stretch . With that being said , it is was the least expensive in its class . We use it at the beach quite a bit and so far it is holding up well . I worry that the outside cover may get torn when it has been sitting in the sun all day -LRB- it tends to get soft -RRB- . My wife and I enjoy playing against each other ... well mostly I enoy it ! Winning is fun . Anyway , I suggest this product if you need an inexpensive board that you are not using as a display piece .
 I received the puzzle in due time but I did not put it together until recently and it was missing one piece I so upset . I contacted the store by email and by phone . I told the gentleman about it and he stated to me he would send another one to me.Thank you so muchCathyAstoria , OR
 Very happy with the step by step guide that comes with the tools . Full of information , but also lets you do your own creative things . The pencils and pen are of high quality . Happy sketching !
 I bought this for my niece for Christmas and she ripped it open and began drawing immediately . It was perfect to get her started .
 I do n't draw , and have no idea about this stuff . But I heard my 16 yr old neice took an art class and became interested in charcoal sketching . Gave it for Christmas and her face lit up like the tree . Was the perfect gift in this case .
 I bought this for my 13 yr old grandson for Christmas and he loved it . He loves to draw so this was a great gift for him .
 very nice kit . 9 year old loves it , very well made kit . he loves to draw it this is a nice starter kit .
 Ordered this to try my hand at a new hobby and ca n't wait to crack it open . It was a good price and shipped dependably . Thanks .
 The blocks are sturdy and promote creativity , as you connect various parts . The location of each magnet is marked , which makes it easier for young children to place blocks together at the point where they attract magnetically . A window , door , trees , stickers , etc. and even Wendy and Bob figures make the blocks fun to build with and allow children to create various scenarios . I plan to add other sets for my 4-1/2 year old grandsons .
 This is an amazing set of blocks . My 2 yr . old absolutely loves them and these magnetic blocks are very easy to use . Its a great toy for toddlers and preschoolers . Just add a few of the vehicles to it and you have days of imaginative fun ahead . My kids have not stopped playing with these since we bought them a few weeks ago .
 I bought this for my 3-year old 's birthday . The main reason I bought it was that it included Bob and Wendy . For $ 15 I knew the set did n't include that many pieces . Contrary to what other reviewers have said , we 've managed to recreate all the houses pictured in the brochure . No , they 're not the most sturdy things , but my 18 month old can even make a tower with the magnetic pieces . And I 've noticed no pieces that can come apart as a choking hazard.As far as the Thomas the train sets , yeah , they 're better quality if you want to go ahead and blow hundreds of dollars on that stuff . A set this size in Thomas land would cost $ 50 at least . This is a $ 15 plastic set . What do you expect ?
 My son got this toy for his second birthday and he 's still playing with it nearly two years later . When he first got it he did have a hard time building anything with it , but he loved the Bob & Wendy figures - they went everywhere he did.Lately he 's been building all kinds of elaborate structures with the bricks and is not limited by the fact that the roofs do n't stay - he uses them for ramps and decks and other things . We never tried building the stuff on the box , so I ca n't really say if that `` works '' or not . All I know is he 's gotten a lot of use out this toy and we 're considering buying another set .
 This puzzle was challenging because the colors are all mostly dull . It was fun to do though and in the end the picture is very beautiful !
 This is an easy to use , easy to understand grammar book . It has lessons lined out and answers are conveniently located in back .
 The Gundam series was excellent ... and still is to this very day . I really like this product better over the models ... although models are awesome , dont get me wrong ... I just like playing with the toys and Like how durable they really are . Definetly a worthy catch , Great price for a Nice G-Gundam fighter.Strongly recomended .
 Great , fun game and educational as well . And the characters hold a young child 's attention so that they do n't lose interest .
 Purchased these for my 8 year old daughter . This was her second pair of same brand , same model # . She likes these skates because they are more comfortable than others we have tried . I like them because they are well made and easily last for the time she will be in this size . Even after she was finished with the last pair , I was able to re-sell them because they were in very good shape . When she outgrows these , we will purchase same skates again in new size .
 We received on time ... number 1 . Number 2 we really like this . My girls , ages 9 and 10 are in soccer and the day they got it they spent 2 hours using it . Even my 6 yr old boy uses it and thinks it is awesome . The velcro straps that hold the ball in place are well made . It does take about 3-5 min . to put the straps around the ball depending on if the straps have been tangled with or not . Other than that ... great product . I used it myself and it gives you a good workout and helps with coordination of the ball and ball contact reflex .
 My daughter loves beanie babies , This has got to be one of the cutest , that little face in all of that fuzzy-ness OMGoodness . Very Cute
 The spiderman water blaster was a lot of fun for the kids . However it can be heavy , but the kids do n't seem to mind . They overall loved the toy and my only problem now , is that I need to buy two more so they wo n't fight over it . It 's such a simple toy that gives them a lot of laughs .
 I did n't get to play with this much as it was a gift for my nephew , but from what I saw it was a well made toy . The magnet worked well and even the older kids wanted to play with it .
 I bought this for me cousin who is 18 months old and it was a hit at Christmas . This went along with the Tonka dump tuck and attaches at the back and made a great gift for around 20.00 for both . He was very happy . Parents were happy because this can go with him to about 3 years .
 I have mixed feelings for this strange musical toy . If you 've read the product copy , you know the deal
 I got a green one from Amazon as a gift and I love it . The language it speaks is funny and I like making it make all of the sounds . Thee is a lot to do with it , more sounds than i thought were in there keep surprising me . I have a iPod shuffle and now I listen to my music thru this . The light and eyes moving are fun too . You can twist the ears too , in case you were not sure .
 The IZ is really cool ! I like the colors ! It is always entertaining me and it is so cute ! I have a red one . I like the way it 's body moves ! This toy is awesome !
 Funky and cool speaker toy . the sound is pretty good , and the noises it makes are a little rude , but funny too . My 11 year old really likes it a lot ... especially when it just comes out with something out of the blue . It does make noises during the playback of her iPod , but if she wants to listen to the music without that noise she has plenty of options . We are happy with our purchase .
 -LRB- I 'm speaking as a mom with all boys . . -RRB- I purchased IZ for my son of 7 who absolutely loves it ! IZ 's movements and noises are very comical but can drive a parent batty after a while . But in a kids view this is Great . My son can listen to his music on it by linking his CD walkman to it . -LRB- also works with MP3 or IPod -RRB- Or just listen to IZ 's personal music making abilities , which your child can mix up and manipulate by making faster slower or different sounds etc. . It is like a personal speaker and a fun friend . My two year old also enjoys IZ and that where the durability comes in . IZ is very surprisingly durable . I was even considering getting him one . Now as for the older set like age 13 -LRB- Forget it !! -RRB- . My 13 year old thinks its ridiculous and the IDog was the way to go there . IDog is the bomb , cool , rad , or whatever these older kids say now a days ... lol Other than that IZ is awesome for the younger set !
 This is a very creative little device . As you can see , it has a wide range of features packed in for a low price and it 's guaranteed to create a smile.However , the cost of it 's cuteness is a rather non-intuitive user interface -LRB- UI -RRB- that you have to read the manual for and then it 's still hard to remember . And I found within a week that the on/off switch had become tempermental.Overall -- cute as a novelty item , but do n't count on it to work very well .
 Very neat toy , although I think I liked it more than my 8 year old . My first one did n't come with directions , so we were a little confused on what buttons did what . The company sent us some directions after I called and it made it much easier . My favorite part was the lights in the `` horn '' that change colors . My daughter was only intrested in it for about 15 minutes though .
 My Niece loves this toy . But then again , how can you go wrong buying anything that has to do with the iPod . But because this toy is not expensive , it will make a great gift in the eyes of anyone who already owns an iPod .
 I purchased this for my 11 yr . old son . He spent all afternoon creating `` original '' music . He was amazed by the ability of this toy to create many different tracks of music . He loves plugging in his ipod at night and watching the light show from the mouth cone . It is a very unique , creative toy . He bought one for his friend 's birthday and it was the hit of the party . I have never seen a toy lately hold so much interest . I would highly recommend this toy !!
 I got an iZ for Chirstmas and all my cousin and I could do was play with it . It is the best toy ever , and I love to DJ music on it . Another great thing about iZ is the ability to play my iPod through it and listen to iZ 's `` Radio Stations '' If you like anything funny , musical , cool looking , or always cheerfull , you 'll LOVE iZ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 my iz is in red but if u want to show your son daughter manners u dont use your money because it burps and farts and start laughing but the good thing id that u can but all the music in it and the little thing that its gets parts in the music and when your music is on it said it !!!!! im 14
 I love it ! So does my 4 year old ! He plays with it and creates different tunes & the price was right !!!
 Wow , the current price of this puzzle is really high ! My husband bought it for me anyway though because he damaged my original by setting newspaper on it after I 'd assembled it and spread puzzle glue on it . I was so sad and we 've looked for a new one for the past 2 years ! Very happy to see it back on Amazon.com . As for the puzzle itself , we really enjoyed assembling it -LRB- and look forward to assembling our new one ! -RRB- . Neither of us are big puzzle people but this one was fun because the puzzle has lots of tiny details and it 's pretty easy to pick up a piece and have an idea of where it goes . We did not encounter any issues with the pieces being connected with cardboard , which has happened with some other puzzles . Also , the picture itself is very charming . We plan to assemble our puzzle , apply puzzle glue , then get it framed and put it in our kitchen !
 I do jigsaw puzzles on a regular basis . This puzzle was part of a three-puzzle package at a special price . It is colorful , the picture is interesting . The pieces are of varying shapes . It is 500 pieces , rectangular with four borders . It was challenging for me without being terribly frustrating -LRB- I am not an expert at jigsaws , I just like to do them . -RRB- The pieces are on the small side . I enjoyed the process and may order from the company again .
 I love that I can play my ipod through IZ ... although I could do without the farting and burping or the outbursts in the middle of my music . I suppose for kids , IZ can be pretty amusing . Overall , it 's not a disappointment , but it can be annoying if you 're not in the right mood !
 My three year old neice and 1 year old nephew ca n't get enough of `` Zizzle '' . They have a tug-of-war with it and giggle for hours at all the crazy noises . I know they are under the age minimum listed , but this toy is indestructable and it 's all one piece . I am a little bit worried about the nephew sucking on the `` flicker '' , so we keep an eye on him when he is playing with it . While on vacation in Kauai , we plugged in our Archos mp3 player to the Zizzle and had music with us wherever we wanted it . The volume control worked great - I saw other review complaints that the volume was too low ... maybe they did n't read the instructions or their unit was defective . At first the sound was rumbly and terrible , but then I noticed that the sound setting on the Archos was bass boosted and maxed . A quick adjustment on the mp3 player sound settings and the Zizzle sound was fine . The IZ speaker is loud enough for kid play and not too loud to be obnoxious for adults .
 I just got this toy and I ca n't put it down . I 'm having so much fun mixing all the different sounds and music together . Iz is your own Dj buddy .
 I bought IZ for my 6 year old son this Christmas and it was a hit ! My son played with him non-stop . You can twist his ears and make him add different sounds to the music.Excellent toy if your child is in to music or making music.Hey I even played with him for an hour or so . IZ is huge compared to the picture . IZ is very entertaining .
 My family had a ball last Christmas 2005 with this . It makes a lot of crazy noises and seems to be singing when it plays your ipod song . My boyfriend , however , thinks that it is very scary looking . : -RRB-
 Got a couple of these for the kids , good fun , well made . It looses a star because it seems when you patch through your iPod music to use the speaker the IZ puts in its music sounds-which is realy terrible , maybe there is a way to turn IZ off and just use speaker . Otherwise they are super tough and look great on the shelf .
 Iz and IDog , take a look at both of them , compare them . You 'll notice iz is much taller and bigger.Okay , so size isi n't supposed to matter . The point is , look at both of them . iz can make his own music and spin like a lunatic , iDog just sits there , lights up , and barks.And iz can talk -LRB- gibberish -RRB- so you can talk to him when there 's nobody else , iDog is a dog , talk to him and he 'll say `` bark `` Iz is more human-like so you can relate to himc ` mon folks , this is an obvious choice , and do n't try saying `` well , iDog costs less '' because even though he does , you do n't get your money 's worth for it , it just barks and lights up . iz is $ 40 and he can go nuts!Okay , they both can play music via iPod , but if you do n't have an iPod , iDog is just going to light up and bark , like he always does . with iz , you can make your own music , so you can have fun with him without an iPod . If both toys were buildings , iz would be a night club on Rave night and iDog would be a Community CollegeDurability ... hmmmmmm ... iDog 's ears look like they could come off easily . Drop an Anvil on iz and he just keeps getting his groove onIn the end : Fun
 I recieved this iz for christmas . I got the green one , which is n't as cool as the blue , but hey it works . I have n't tried out music that the iz makes by itself , I 've just used it to listen to the music on my ipod . Iz 's nose changes colors and brightness according to the music , which is pretty sweet . It also moves its eyes around to the music . You can change his three feet around to put iz in all types of fun positions . Now the one thing I really do n't like about iz is that , during the songs , it will burp or giggle or even fart -LRB- seriously -RRB- - its sort of annoying when your listening to a song . Because of his consant interrupting of the music I put his volume on the softest setting and turn up my ipod 's volume full blast . This way i ca n't hear his giggling and burping in the middle of the songs . The speaker is located at the bottom and its a preety good speaker - produces good clear sound and goes to a decently high volume level . So , overall , this product is pretty nice . I 'm not sure I 'd spend 40 bucks on it , but compared to the other speaker systems you can buy for your ipod at shaper image -LRB- which range from 120-300 bucks -RRB- this item is a nice buy .
 This should be considered a toy and not your only set of Ipod or MP3 speakers . The kids love to play with the sounds and listen to IZ 's crude sounds along with their music . However , you can forget about listening to audio books . This would have been a really great product if you could just turn off the sound effects when you want to .
 I got this for christmas it was great ! The only downside is that it makes its own `` comments '' and you cant play music without that thing shuting up . Other wise it was great . I think its great that its one of the very few toys that boys and girls like . -LRB- Only recomended for ages 8-12 and dont buy this unless u have some sort of ipod ! -RRB-
 I really thought that iZ was cute , but when I tried it with my iPod Shuffle , iZ made too many noises and it was hard to hear my music . It was fun to watch iZ move and everything , but he was louder than I expected him to be.Sorry iZ !!
 hi ! i am 14 and i got an Iz for christmas . I love it :-RRB- i could not stop mixing music , listening to him DJ , or his `` radio stations '' when i got him . every time i play with him i find out new and more interesting ways to create music . he is defiantly worth the money and will spark a creative interest in anyone !
 The IZ rescued me from the depths of despair so dark and desperate what I would not wish upon the most vile criminal . But I should start at the beginning.I am not a child . I was a child prodigy , gifted with perfect pitch and the ability , as a very young child , to replay any melody I heard on the piano . My parents nurtured my talents early , providing me with instruction in piano , music theory , and composition . An early-child developmental psychologist monitored my mental health and progress in return for publishing my case study . I received diplomas , degrees , and certificates from all the great conservatories , won more than my fair share of piano competitions , and seemed poise for a celebrated professional career -- that is , until my first concert.The orchestra played the Maestoso introduction of Brahms Piano Concerto no. 1 with great nobility and passion , and I remember being completely swept up in the music , luxuriating in the sound of one of Europe 's great orchestras under the baton of one of her greatest music directors . The restatement of the opening fanfare signaled the approach of my solo piano entrance , and I hovered over the keyboard , confident and calm . And then I blanked . I froze . My solo entrance came and went , and the conductor flashed me a surprised look . I smiled weakly and shrugged my shoulders . The conductor made the difficult choice to stop the orchestra and signaled to them to begin again . My solo entrance came and went a second time , and the conductor became thoroughly upset by this point . The music stopped a second time , and the concert hall became dead quiet . I broke down in huge sobs , got up from the piano , and rushed off the stage a completely broken and humiliated fool.My manager wisely ensconced me in one of the more exclusive sanitariums , where I quivered and cried meekly every time I sat in front of any keyboard . At first , my therapists attended to me with compassion and sympathy , but after months of unchanging behavior , their pity turned into disgust , and I was soon left alone.One day my former fiancee came to see me . She tried to talk to me , but I was unresponsive and miserable , as usual . She left , but not before leaving a strange , colorful , alien toy on my dresser . I ignored it the first few days , but eventually my curiosity forced me to investigate this cartoonish abnormality . I found out later that it was an IZ , and what its function was . At first , I dismissed it as nothing more than a novelty , a toy . But later , when I saw how it could manipulate rhythms , beats , and tracks , as well as add almost limitless sound effects to recorded music , I began to understand the true potential of this IZ . The animated eyes and flashing horns distracted me initially , until I realized they were integral parts of how IZ was trying to talk to me . With a little practice , I began to understand the IZ , and now IZ has become my friend , my mentor , and my salvation.I 've given up traditional music . I focus now on creating truly original art with the help of IZ . We are collaborating now on a multisensory work for orchestra , choir , jet plane , mime , potatoes , and humpback whale . I feel reborn with the possibilities open to me because of IZ . I love you , IZ .
 MY 5 YEAR OLD GRANDSON WAS SO DELIGHTED WITH IZ HE WANTS ANOTHERONE SO HIS IZ CAN HAVE A FRIEND . OR IT 'S HIS CLEAVER WAY TO HAVEALL THE COLORS . BUT HE WAKES EVERYONE UP EACH MORNING WITH IZ .
 good small east very is amused . definitively . but it has a defectito ... or quizas I am who I do not manage to find the way . while I connect mp3 to him ... makes certain noises . that although they are graceful interrupt the musica to me ... and after awhile can get to be unbearable . somebody knows if that can be extinguished when I connect ... ? ... in aim removing that is very pretty , resistant ... and cheers ...
 This is the best ! My kids love it !
 i bought iz for my son , and its functionality went far beyond my expectations . every one of its features work great , from ipod playback to musical creation . the toy is extremely well designed , and is easy for anyone to use . my son wants a second to create even more intricate musical loops . id recommend iz to anyone
 IZ has to be one of the _ * best * _ toys out there . I have to admit , all it does is bob it 's eyes for dancing , but the lights are awesome effects.I especially enjoyed the `` sound creation '' mode . You could create different remixes and loops for all your favorite songs . I was especiialy proud of this and created tons of remixes ... When i first got this I was bummed because i ddi n't have an mp3 or an ipod . But it actually did work with my CD player!I really think you should get this.It takes a little while to get used to the strange controls , but after 20 minutes study and creation , I gathered mum and dad , turned off the lights and showed them a remix worthy of a DJ . 5 stars !
 I got iz for my kids for Christmas but we -LRB- ok I -RRB- could n't wait . This toy sure knows how to keep you entertained ! My kids play this little guy nonstop ! They love the fact you can you constantly change the music by turning his ears in different directions and pushing his center tummy button . My son got Iz to make is crazy backbeat sound effect that had us cracking up ! Now we keep feeding Iz different music from our CD player just to see what he will do next .
 The best !! I brought this toy to my field hocky game , plugged in my iPod , and everyone went crazy ! They should make them in school colors .
 Iz is pure magic out of the box . I ca n't believe how cool this toy is . It does so much . You can play games with him , use him to mix a ton of different sound effects and music he has included PLUS you can connect him to an ipod or any outside music source to have him play your favorite music . While your music is playing Iz will add his own personal style to it . What a great toy .
 Bought this toy for my little sister , and she is still waiting on it because I have not put it down yet ! Ordered and received iZ within 24 hours of purchase even though some HUGE online retailers are already sold out . iZ becomes a 3-D tool for listening and creating music . Easy enough for a 6 year old , but entertaining enough for this 19 year old as well . Very solid purchase . Def . going to be the must have holiday toy .
 This is a toy , a learning tool/toy , a fun diversion for ALL ages ! Not only do * I * love it and ca n't seem to leave it alone -LRB- I am 48 -RRB- but also several of the younger set in my life love it . I am ordering several for holiday gifts and birthday , for older and younger , in my life . I feel joy and have laughed out loud at the antics of iZ . I 've also spent many hours now just making music with it . Using it with my MP3 player is also fun and just adds to the capability of iZ . I honestly am surprised at the low price of the iZ considering how it is made and its seemingly endless surprises . It 's easy to use , built surprisingly sturdy , well priced , and I highly recommend it to anyone . If you 're thinking of getting this for the holidays I 'd say get it NOW as I feel it will be hard to find soon .
 I 'm a 6 year old and I like IZ . I like it because it 's cool looking and it has cool colors . I like to play with it by making sounds and tickling it . My favorite thing that it does is that I can make it stand on one foot while it is playing the music . One of the songs I call the Iz song , the one that is like a funny ah ah ah ah ahhh ah ahhh song .
 I ca n't remember the last time I had this much fun with a Toy !! Right out of the box Iz was a blast !! Iz has a very cool personality and he has a ton of different modes to play with . The music you can create with him is very cool and seeing his eyes dance independently to the beat of the music was hilarious .
 This toy is not only great but it teaches you about music . For those who want a career in the music buisness this is the perfect toy for you , if you buy it . Why would n't you buy it ? I really do n't know . It can be , your only personal possession , friend , or , in some cases , family . It is everything I dream of . If you want to buy it I over encourage you to . If you read this you could think that it has been written by an adult it has actually been written by an adolescent . Thank you for your time !!!
 WELL , iz is coolio ! i luvd it ! My hole famly lovd it ! it rox ! o ya ! I tink yu should defintely bi iz . Iz will entertane u 4 hrs
 I do n't have this toy yet , but i think the IZ blue looks cool.I want it for Christmas . I think it should be a toy of adults .
 My sons are HUGE UNO fanatics . We can play UNO Spin , Attack , straight UNO , or UNO H2O for hours . This is definately a fun variation , but it gets a little old at times . We need to put it away for a while and pull it out another time .
 this was purchased as a gift to my wife , who played it as a child .
 By combining UNO with Jenga , you get a very interesting and fun game ! It adds numbers and colors to the game which is probably more fun for children , while also being a game that adults will love.I only wish that , like most other games of this type , it could have been made of wooden blocks . Plastic works well , but wood is heavier and a little nicer in my opinion.Loads of fun for the whole family .
 This is a fun and surprising game ! Played it with my 7yr . old son and we both loved it ! -LRB- 4 stars -RRB- It 's a durable plastic replica of the original Jenga , but a bit more challenging . As stated on the instruction sheet , you can play without using the command blocks . I found that there are actually 3 ways to play
 we find this game to be one the adults are usually willing to take the time to play - it takes about 10 minutes . good for busy adults and fun for all .
 i am a nine year old girl , and i completly love this game . It has alot of strategy , skill etc. it is exciting and nerveracking . It is kind of hard to pull out the blocks but that just adds on the fun ! when you get to th end , the tower begins to fall and is just creeps me out . i recomend this game to anyone !!!!!
 This game is not only fun for kids , but adults as well . The only problem that I have is keeping up with the dice . I would like to be able to get a couple of extra dice for this game . Please advise me of where I can get the dice .
 I love this game . I have played it with both adults and children . It is a fun game and can be used to teach strategy as well as -LRB- if not better than -RRB- other UNO games . And for adults , if the players are competative , the stress level is immense , and fun is sure to follow !
 My family likes Uno the card game , and have played Jenga , but this combination is a blast!The only minor quibble is that the &#34; stacker &#34; is just cardboard ... though that seems to have lasted well enough .
 One of my families favorite games . We love it . I am going to get another one for a gift for my sister .
 My kids had a great time with this game . They played it for about three hours straight . Although I must say , they have n't played it or talked about it since , so I think they got bored of it . It was fun , but maybe only for a couple rounds .
 When I first discovered this toy a few months ago I just could n't believe it . A married couple -LRB- friends of my fiance -RRB- invited us over one Saturday night for fun and games ; we ended up playing this game for literally HOURS !!! It is sooo addictive ! Mind you the traditional UNO cards are addictive enough , now imagine it playing it JENGA style ... too good , too much fun to put down after one round !!! This would be a great choice for family game night or simply for party gatherings ... great investment .
 My daughter , who will be 4 in 2 weeks , loves this game ! Only took a couple of times before she really got it . She loves the wild cards . I take the box in my purse when we go to doctor appts . or the airport to keep her from being bored . We love playing it as a family too .
 With the bright colors . This card game can keep you children entertained for hours on a rainy day .
 This 1/14 scale Pro-Class Lamborghini Murcielago radio-controlled car features a premium , high performance motor delivering fast speeds - up to 14 mph -LRB- 200 mph scale speed -RRB- . Created with Lexan polycarbonate impact-resistant body is virtually indestructible . Race six -LRB- 6 -RRB- at the same time . Uses the included high-end pistol grip transmitter with trim adjustments for steering and speed . Many other features . 9.6 v and 9v batteries and charger included . 13 `` x6 `` x3 .5 ''
 Pros
 A fun and informative puzzle . It will give hours of fun - not just from the making of the puzzle , but having the map as a source of information once put together . My daughter loved it and continues to use it every day .
 The puzzle is great ; however , two pieces of the border were not among the pieces . These are big black pieces of border and would be hard to lose . They just were not in the box . I wanted to give this puzzle -LRB- after I tried it -RRB- to my granddaughter ; but , I am reluctant to give it to her because of the missing pieces . The missing pieces are the two black border pieces below the left-hand top corner . Obviously , they never were in the box . I will be reluctant to order anything like this from this company if some of the pieces are missing .
 I originally purchased the puzzle for my 12 year old daughter but the whole family eventually put it together . In this case ignorance is n't just bliss , it is also fun . Our family was shocked how little geography we knew.This puzzle turned out to be like two separate games . First , we tried separating the pieces by continent -LRB- which we did very poorly -RRB- . And then we put it together . It was fun finding out how far off we were at times . Everyone was shocked how many countries we had never heard of or could n't even place in the right continent!Overall it was a great learning experience for the whole family . I recommend this product . It is well-designed , pretty and fun to put together .
 We are really enjoying this puzzle , and learning a lot . The information written on the oceans makes the puzzle more interesting and manageable.The pieces are necessarily very small to match the size of the countries . The bigger problem is that they curl up just a bit , so the pieces do n't lie flat as you make the puzzle . This is frustrating , and you do n't get that satisfying feeling as you put a piece in , as you have to press it down a few times and it still does n't quite flatten down . I 'm trying covering the finished puzzle with heavy books , but I suspect it 's just a problem of cheap glue.Still , I give it four stars since a good world puzzle is very hard to find , and the content is good .
 I originally bought this for my 12 year old son , but after starting it with him and then putting him to bed , my wife and I ended up drinking a bottle of wine and putting the rest of it together while planning our future travels to far off places like Tanzania and Thailand . Fun and educational , even for adults . Of course the hardest part was remembering which part was done before the adults took over so I could return the puzzle to the incomplete state my son left it in . He is working on it now ... no wine though . Overall a great educational and enjoyable purchase .
 My family has been taking an annual overseas vacation for many years . We have been all over . My wife and I try to educate our two children about the places they will see before we get on the plane . Geography is one important aspect of this , and my children have learned an immense amount about the world from the global puzzle . We have posted the puzzle up on my daughter 's wall and have painted a dot of red nail polish on every country that we have visited . We still have a long way to go , but the global puzzle is guiding us . I definately recommend this puzzle .
 The problem with this puzzle aside from the fact that the small countries are bunched together -LRB- making them basically unidentifiable -RRB- is that it is almost all water . You have to get the water together which takes time away from focusing on the countries . It is true that there are facts about countries written on the water . Which is great , except that you expect when you see a fact about Ireland that the piece is going to go somewhere around Ireland , right ? Wrong , it is down around the Samoan islands or something . None of the facts about the countries go near their respective countries which seems a little counter-productive if you are trying to learn the locations of different countries.This is a fun PUZZLE . It is really cool and I liked putting it together . But it really did n't help teach anyone anything ... and the kids bounced as soon as they failed at putting together the black frame . So I would say this does n't work very well as an educational tool , especially for children . I would order the separate country puzzles instead . We ended up downloading unmarked maps of the continents and making the kids fill in what country was which while they colored them .
 We put this together as a family and it was fun and educational too . I was happy see my family learning and spending time together . The puzzle was tricky but , fun.We will do this puzzle many more times as the kids grow up I am sure . I recommend it !
 I love puzzles and maps and wanted to work on learning the location and names countries of the world so I found this puzzle as a fun way to get started . The puzzle pieces are strangly shaped and some are very small so you need to make sure you are working on a hard surface with an uncluttered surface area . The best way to go about the puzzle is to NOT look at a map while putting it together - challenge your memory !
 If you 've ever felt like the world has fallen apart and you 're the only one with the sense to put it back together , this puzzle is a good first stop . It 's a lot of fun , and very educational . It 's hard to learn geography , mostly because of all the memorization entailed . But this puzzle will help you learn where all the countries are and other geographic facts.The country pieces do n't interlock , so it 's challenging . Most of the country pieces are shaped like their actual borders , but some really tiny and very large countries are not . The small pieces -LRB- some are VERY small -RRB- are easily lost , so be careful . All countries are featured , and all capitals . The oceans tiles -LRB- most of the planet is water -RRB- would be really hard to piece together , so they put some basic demographic facts about all the countries in the ocean space -- listed alphabetically to aid in assembly . This is a nice touch , but also my main reservation.My two complaints
 I 'm not a `` puzzle person , '' but the Global Puzzle was a surprising treat ! I wanted to learn about world geography in a fun way , and this puzzle did not disappoint . The ocean pieces are shaped like ordinary interlocking puzzle pieces , but the countries were shaped as they actually are and do not interlock . This made it difficult to keep everything together -LRB- they kept sliding apart -RRB- . But if you follow the suggestion on the box and fit all the ocean pieces first , it 's much easier to fill in the countries . Overall , I would say this puzzle is unique and quite fun . But be careful -- it 's addictive ! Once you start , you wo n't want to stop until it 's finished .
 I recently purchased this puzzle in the search for making my `` geographically challenged '' children learn more geography . Not only was this a great tool for learning , but I ended up joining in and educating myself in the process . For those parents who are worried that their children are not learning and becoming more `` worldly '' , this is a perfect interactive tool that is both fun and helps feed their brain .
 During Christmas , I bought this puzzle to entertain my 5,6 and 8 year old nieces and nephews while my sister cooked dinner . I am not a puzzle person , but thought it might keep them busy and teach them something at the same time . I was right . What surprised me is how much fun I had as a 29 year old completing the puzzle ! I was shocked by how little geography I knew . During the holidays , we had a ball completing the puzzle and have saved it . Each time I come over , we go and look at the puzzle to identify new places members of our family have traveled . Great product !
 I recently bought this puzzle for my nieces and nephews . Not only did they love the puzzle , but the whole family learned how little we knew about World Geography . Now I actually know that Cameroon is in South Africa . I recommend this for any young student or adult who desires to learn about the world we live in .
 We bought this puzzle for our 10 year old daughter . 600 pieces seems to be the magic number . She gets frustrated with 1,000 piece puzzles , but anything under 500 is boring because she can finish it in 10 minutes . This is a great educational toy and you ca n't beat the price .
 After struggling to find a gift she would enjoy that would also provide a little educational content , I 'm happy that I wound up choosing the Global Puzzle . It was a good challenge for her , but not so difficult that she got frustrated or bored and gave up . I would gladly recommend this product to others with children in this age range .
 This has got to be the best toy ever Persanly I love krawks and on neopets I have a pirat Krawk Im telling you it 's not a wast of money it 's much worth it I even leaned HTML .
 neopets rules and this toy is great you should buy one it is so awsome you have to train it like your own pet and you feed it and heal it make it strong and you get codes whice you put in the neopets grundo warehouse to get points it is sooooooooooo funit is fun and eductional to have your pet and resonible to feed it and make it stronger
 my son really likes the responsibility of watching the toy grow
 I think Pocket Neopets is the best way to keep children attracted to their new toy.Pocket Neopets rocks !
 Great toy very fun . Also comes with a virtual prize for the site www.neopets.com .
 This is one of the best toys I ever played.If kids do n't have pets of their own theyget a feel of what you have to do to takecare of it . It teaches the responsibilityof feeding , making sure it is healthy andother things like that . Plus it is fun andcan be something to keep you busy on planerides and car drives that are 3 + hours long .
 My cousin is a great neopets fan , and she doesnt have a pet of her own , so when she got this for christmas she was THRILLED . She carries it everywhere with her , and it is great for when there is no computer for her to play Neopets on . The only problem is its small size . She has lost it several times , but it has turned back up . I would definantly buy it for any Neopets lover , or someone who just loves electronic pets . It is also great for a child who doesnt have a pet .
 Toy is very fun and exciting ! My kids love neopets and this is the best thing they ever got ! I think you should buy this ! And if you get a high score on the games , you get a special prize on the website at www.neopets.com !
 This toy is very fun and will keep you occupied for many hours . The only real education I have found is that it shows how to subtract points when you buy something . It is durable for the most part , but sometimes the 3-D world comes off , but it is easy to reattach . All in all , this would be a good toy for any child who does n't have a pet , because it teaches responsibility and you can have fun too !
 This is the coolest toy !!!!!! If you buy a petpet on the pocket neopet , and play with your neopet with the petpet it makes the neopet really happy . If you make your neopet really happy it will NOT run away . It only has a few games . That is not alot of games order to earn neopoints , but i am ok with that ! This toy is the bomb . i love it ! my pet is 5 days old and has not run away yet . i love it . BUY BUY BUY BUY
 I just bought this toy , and I absolutely love it . It is highly entertaining , and will save you from many hours of boredom . Hasbro did a fine job in forcasting the need for a virtual pet , and making a product of quality .
 My 8 year old son and I were able to make a truck-load -LRB- a quadruple batch in a pint sized plastic take-out container -RRB- of half-way decent gum with this kit . It was time consuming and the directions are not completely accurate . For example , it took much longer to melt the gum base in the beginning than they stated . We kept nuking it at 20-second intervals until it was workable . We also had to keep reheating it -LRB- 15 seconds at a time -RRB- during the kneading process . When it 's warm , it 's easier to knead . When it cools and starts getting stiff , reheat it . Other than all the reheating , this kit was a good thing.Note
 Once we figured out that you needed to add a teaspoon of water to the gumbase before you microwave it it was a lot of fun . The instruction say to pour off excess water but neglect to tell you to add water in the first place . My son and his freids had a blast making their own custom gums . I had to help with the kneeding process but over all I think it 's a great product for kids who like their gum . You can substitute splenda for the powdered sugar if you want to make sugar fee gum too .
 My daughter is a `` gumaholic '' , if there is such a term . I read some of the reviews about some of the problems , but here is what I found.We made a single batch , and used the exact times specified for microwaving . When you take it out of the microwave , it still looks like little balls . It was only once I poured the water out , did it start to look gummy . I think that is what some of the people on here may not have done , and simply nuked it until it was visually melted in the water.The corn syrup that cam with our kit was fine , but I do n't like the way that it is packaged - could have been in a bottle.We did add a little too much food coloring , and it is still under my fingernails from 4 days ago , but it was fun.The flavor lasted as long as any gum I have had , and my daughter being the gum connoisseur that she is , loved it.I would definitely buy this for my friends ' children in the future !
 I bought this for my grandchildren , ages 12 and 9 . They just opened it today and made some gum under their father 's supervision . According to him , they followed the directions and had no problems - and they had fun doing it .
 I received this for Christmas and was so exited!Ive seen reviews saying it was messy and hard . I think not!A great snowy day activity . I gave 3 stars for educational value because gum and candy making can be a cool skill and gift idea for anyone . Ive also heard that the flavor is not long lasting . Really though , what gum is ? Just remember to follow the directions and put down newspaper . Do that and you will have a great time !
 My daughter -LRB- 9 years old -RRB- asked -LRB- and received -RRB- this kit for her birthday . After reading the reviews and some complaints about how messy the kit was , I was very nervous to actually do it once we got it . But , while it is a * little * messy , it 's not nearly as bad as I was expecting . The food coloring does make it MORE messy - so if you 're nervous , start with one of the recipes that does n't need coloring -LRB- or just skip that ingredient ! At least for the first batch -RRB- She and a friend did this -LRB- with my help -RRB- and had a blast . They were so proud of their creations and even had fun trying to invent their own names for their gum . The flavor of the gum goes pretty quickly when you 're chewing it -LRB- and the jury is still out on how well it `` keeps '' -RRB- but I think all that is secondary to the actual fun in CREATING your own gum . They loved it .
 It was so much fun ... My 9 yr old got it for his birthday through amazon and we just loved making the different flavors . We both like it SOUR !!! and you can make them as sweet or sour as you want . Great gift . Messy , but fun !!!
 This kit is fun , but could be too difficult for kids under age 10 . We made some gum tonight with my daughter and her friend , who are both 10 . The flavor turned out good , but the whole process takes about 20-30 minutes , which is a lot longer than I expected for a few pieces of gum . Overall , it 's a nice kit and is fun for kids age 10 + .
 My boys love gum , and I like getting them educational toys , so this was a good choice for us . I helped my 8-yr old and his friend make a batch , and they loved getting to pick the flavors and do the kneading work . The total process took close to an hour , letting the kids do a lot of the work . They thought the gum tasted awesome and are excited to try another recipe . Some surprises for us were learning what makes gum sweet or sour -LRB- and being able to customize the gum to our tastes -RRB- and the smell of some of the concentrated flavorings -LRB- not what we 'd expected on some of them -RRB- . The boys enjoyed kneading the flavors and food coloring in , then taste-testing and making last minute adjustments to get the flavor just right .
 My 8 year old son , while a little hesitant at first , loved this . He loves being able to mix his own flavors and then decide if he wants it to be more sweet or sour . The gum its self is n't the best I 've had but I do n't think that mattered much to my son at all . He was very pleased with himself that he was able to make gum .
 This kit makes a lot of gum , and it is actually quite tasty ! We like it better than gum you buy at the store . The instructions are easy to follow , although I would not let my 7-year-old make gum without my assistance . It gets a little messy with the corn syrup and the dyes but not terrible .
 This was a 10th birthday present for a granddaughter living out of the country . She was thrilled ! Thanks for making it so easy to send it on to her .
 This product made real chewing gum that was edible and delicious.Kids had fun experimenting with different flavors and the gum came out really tasty!Everything you need is in the box aside from a disposable microwaveable cup.We enjoyed this very much !
 I bought this as an introduction to science for my grandsons . They had a lot of fun making the gum . The only down side is that the flavor did n't last as long as they would have liked .
 Neat looking toy in terms of color and form . Resembles some kind of jetski or something . Fires four missles . One from the mouth , two from the fins , and one from the cannon on the handlebar apparatus . Mouth opens and tail flaps when rolled on ground . Fins even have a little articulation . Fits figures very nicely . Very fun and aerodynamic looking . Although I do n't recommend doing it ... I 'm tempted to take this baby to the bathtub ! Well worth it !
 My son is 5yrs old and has all the he-man stuff ! This is a must have for anyone that likes he-man ! He-man is 20yrs old , my cousint had all the he-man stuff and I had all the she-ra stuff so he-man is still a must have for anyone ! This toy is great and very nice add !
 This is great to add with your Heman action figure . My son loves it . It shoots ok but no far . i wish it came with more of the bullets to shoot . Great for the busy kid with a great imagination . no batteries required just great fun .
 Great product ! I received the product quickly and found it to be exactly as expected . It matched well with smaller and larger seperator plates purchased 4 + years ago . The Wedding cake it was used for received excellent reviews .
 I made a wedding cake out of cupcakes . I used this separator in my tiered cake stand . It fit perfectly and looked great with the crystal look . The product arrived sooner than expected and arrived as described . Would buy from the seller again .
 We bought this toy for my 15 month old daughter and she absolutely loves it ! I took it out into the front yard the other day and the children swarmed like bees ! It was a total hit ! Very well constructed and easy to store !
 My 3 year old and 1 year old have been playing in the tent since we got it . We mostly have the big tent up and that is enough to keep them busy . At one point all four of us -LRB- my wife , me , and my kids -RRB- were able to squeeze into the big tent . I know that they will have fun for a long time . Two small issues which do n't really take the fun out of the produce . The first is that the basketball hoop does n't stick out , it is limp . The second is that i wish there were many more balls included .
 Play hut Mega Land has provided hours of fun for our 18 month old granddaughter , starting when she was about 10 months old . She likes to go in and play with the balls -LRB- we bought exra -RRB- 100 extra is good , 200 extra seems like too many . She also takes toys in with her and plays quietly . It is brightly colored , it involves different shapes and textures , so I think it is good for brain development . It encourages play with parents too as she will throw balls out and we will toss them back in to her.Our younger granddaughter just got hers for her first birthday and she was scared at first . Her mom went in with her and can actually fit in it to sit and play with her . Now she crawls in on her own and seems to enjoy it.It is big and takes up a lot of room , but you do n't have to use all the pieces at one time , they attach easily.The basketball hoop is not really useful for their current ages.It is especially good for rainy days or small apartments where you ca n't get them outside as much.I feel it is safe , but supervision is always recommended .
 I bought this for my grandchildren 2.5 and 4.5 yrs old . They both are full of energy . My daughter put this up , and w/in minutes were playing , crawling , and laughing.It goes up fast , and is very very durable . They have crawled , rearranged the megaland , played hide and seek in it , and tossed the balls to their hearts content.They love it , the colors are great , and fun . They youngest is learning the colors , and the oldest is learning to rearrange furniture.lolIt is a great buy !
 The fact that you can add and add to this is the most fun of all . Makes for great exercise and makes sharing so much more fun .
 My kids are 1 and 3 and like this toy for a little while . When they are getting bored I just flatten it and slide it under the couch . I would n't be that pleased if it did n't store easily . It 's very easy to set up and take down.The kids really enjoy all the balls -LRB- we added 100 balls -RRB- . One downfall is that it tips really easily . Both kids can knock it over very quickly . Basketball net has never worked . It came missing the piece that props it up.Great toy for the price .
 My kids -LRB- ages 4 and 1 -RRB- got this for Christmas this year . They have been playing with it non stop . This is a great toy that helps teach them how to play together . Plus it folds up really easy , and can be stored under the bed or couch .
 I have a 15 mo. old and a 4 year old who love the tents and tunnels . It is rather large , but it folds into a very small case when not in use . Very happy with this purchase .
 Large amount of fun with 3 tents and 2 tunnels . We 've put up and taken down so many times . It 's still folding up and opening great . Great durability as our 2 year old son and his 2 older sisters , plus whatever friends that have been over have n't damaged anything yet . We 've had for at least 9 months of daily use
 Our play hut arrived recently and we have n't been able to get my toddler out of it ! For $ 50 -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- this set is a BARGAIN ! It is super easy to set up and break down and is versatile given the many options for setting it up -LRB- some or all of the pieces -RRB- . I did n't realize the balls were included with the tent and tunnels but my daughter enjoys them most of all ! Ca n't recoommend this item any higher - lots of bang for the buck !
 I bought this for my daughter who is 16 months old . We thought she might be too little , but she loves it ! We added extra tunnels and 100 extra balls for more fun . She plays in it and amuses herself for hours at a time . Whenever we go to Nana 's house , it 's easy to detach a tunnel or playhouse to take with us . They fold easily and even have travel bags included !
 I bought this for my son 's 2nd birthday . I think it is wonderful , but my son does n't . He goes in there every once in awhile ... to hide . My 7 year old seems to like it more . Overall , I think it is a great value and is very durable . A little bigger than I expected .
 I purchased this for my son for his second birthday . It is great because he 's very active and in a transitional stage with toys - too old for stuffed animals but too young conceptually for most toys with a recommended age of 3 and up . I have kept this for an indoor toy for the long winter months . Assembly was simple and at this point , I do not need to add the sand to the bottom to `` weigh it down '' , but I might have to as he gets older and plays with the toy more aggressively . Most importantly , my son loves it - it keeps him happy , active and entertained . I hope your cherished little one will like it too .
 just got this playhut megaland playset today . SUPER easy to set up . i can break it back down to flat size pretty quickly but have n't figured out how to break it down further to fit back into the carrying cases which are excellent ! no matter though since i 'll probably leave it up indefinitely . my son is 17 months old and loves it ! he takes his toys inside to play . the balls that it comes with are dinky but we also purchased the Box of 100 Balls which are pretty big and wonderful to fill the ball pit with . my son makes baskets with the basketball hoops and claps afterward whether he makes the basket or not . he 's so proud of himself ... this set takes up a good amount of space and since we live in an apartment , size matters . i 've managed to squeeze it into his room and it just fits with all his other stuff . it 's super portable too so that when his friends come to play , i 'll be able to easily pull and drag it through to the living room area so that us parents can keep an eye on them easily . i highly recommend this product . and do n't forget the Box of 100 Balls !
 We got this item for our 9 month old son . He absolutely loves the ball pit ; however , you will want more than 50 balls . The whole family can have fun , even our dog loves to race through the tunnels .
 My kids got this for their birthdays - they turned 2 and 4 . They are having a great time with it . It is very well constructed and spacious , plus you can set it up in several different formations . The only down side to this toy is that if you get more balls to make the ball crawl portion of it fun enough to jump in -LRB- we added 200 more balls -RRB- , they all fall out . The doors to that portion are just not far enough off the ground to prevent the balls from escaping . So if you do n't mind chasing balls , it is great fun for the kids . I just let them throw the balls around and then occasionally pick them up . Otherwise , this is a great toy ! It took up more room than I thought it would .
 I bought megaland and I knew my children would love it . I have my sisters children over too a lot and they love it as well ! It was definitely worth the money . My one year old learned how to work a zipper because of it . I highly recomend this for your little ones . It keeps mine busy for hours. : -RRB-
 My daughter , 9 months , really likes moving from space to space with this toy and playing with the balls . Although it is n't intended for infants , she likes it and it is good for getting some tummy time in .
 My six year old niece ... seems to really like it . She did make the comment that she thought it would be a little bigger . I think she 's really going to enjoy this toy , she 's the type that loves to make houses out of blankets , etc. . This toy will be ideal for her playing pleasures . It seems to be durable and easy to set up and easy to follow instructions to disassemble . So far her and I are pleased !
 I have 2 children , ages 1 and 3 ... This is great fun for my children on rainy days . We live in the Northern Pacific where it rains a lot and I just pop this out and they play for hours . It takes up very little room when packed up and is so light you could take it anywhere really . I put a tarp down outside on the grass for sunny days . Got ta love this one !!! Keep those active toddlers busy .
 We , like many of the other reviewers , had a blow-up ball pit that our 20 month old twin boys loved , but it developed a hole . We were going to buy another one until we saw this , and we are glad we bought this fun and durable tentOur playroom is a small spare bedroom , and its fairly large -LRB- couch , easle , table , closet , TOYS , toy box ect . -RRB- and this is a great toy for in there . It folds extremely easily and we store it under the couch . We are so greatful for that feature so that this toy doesnt have to take over our play areaIt is also very very fun . We keep up the excitement by trying new ways to connect it and our boys have a BLAST . Its fairly simple to connect , you just use the velcro . You can also use one piece separatly , like only a tunnel or only one of the tents . The tents are very `` fun '' colors , but they are nylon so theres a sort of filtration system , its not too stuffy . The material is also VERY durable , it holds up well against the constant abuse of two BOY toddlers ... The tent is a very nice ball pit . Although like many other reviewers , I bought TWO additional 100 pack of balls as 50 isnt enough -LRB- one of the packages isnt even opened yet ! -RRB- And when it comes time for clean up , we store the balls in a little plastic zip-up bag that our king sized comforter fits in . The balls do not come out of the tent , it is a little higher so they wont roll out . The balls are also like very soft , they are hollow plastic -LRB- like the balls at the McDonalds of BurgerKing play places -RRB- so they dont hurt if you get hit with one.The other activities , like the basket ball hoop and throwing game , are very fun for my boys , although I think they will apreciate it more as they grow older . They really enjoy sitting in it and crawling through the tunnels . Like many children they like having a `` clubhouse '' , a place where they wont be bothered by parents . I have even found them naping in there on occasions!It can keep any aged child busy for hours , we have had the younges 20 month olds , and the oldest 8 year olds in here ! Everyone finds SOMETHING about the house that they like . I find myself constantly taking out this toy for my boys to play with , but thats NOT a complaint , its so easy to do that I dont consider it a hassel at allI would recomend you buying this instead of a ball pit , or even instead of a playhouse if you wanted it for indoor use . This tent is great outdoors too -LRB- on the grass -RRB- . I would recomend it to anyone seeing how much my twins love it .
 I am SO glad we decided to splurge on this ball tent set ! We could not get our toddler to crawl through a long tunnel we already had ; so I was not sure this would be a good buy , but we took that chance . He LOVES it and plays in it every day . He runs in to get to the balls . I have even climbed in there with him , but there 's not much room to move for an adult ! It takes up a lot of space , but I like that we can just set up the basketball/ball tent or any tent on its own when space is limited . The basketball hoop is a VERY fun addition . I love tossing the balls in there easily to show my little one how . What a great buy !
 This is a wonderful playset . All three of my kids -LRB- ages 2 , 4 , and 7 -RRB- love playing in it . Even with their friends romping about in it , it has held up beautifully . The girls have tea parties in it and the boys plan missions . Very fun , very durable . Only drawbacks are that more balls are needed for the ball pit and you need a huge playroom to set the entire set up together . It 's modular though so you can modify it to the space you do have available .
 We got this for our son 's 1st birthday two months ago . He has played in it every night for 2 months . It has been a great buy in many ways . We change it around for variation and he adds his own variation . Tonight , he learned he can crawl BEHIND it in peekaboo play . We also bought 100 extra balls ; which he loves . The balls have helped him with gross motor skills and he is learning to distinguish colors . We highly recommend this item . We ca n't speak to the ease of folding it up because we leave it up all the time .
 My child loves this toy . I bought it when my daughter turned 2 and she is now turning 5 . She uses it indoors and outdoors and its a huge hit at our annual playdates and at picnics . I bought balls to go with it and I also got the big playhouse and they easily attach . Putting it up and taking it down is so simple she can now do it herself you just have to follow the directions . I love the fact that you can store it in such little space and transport it with such ease . This is a great toy if you have one child or many children and its well worth the price . We 've had as many as 10 children inside -LRB- up to age 10 -RRB- at one time , no one got hurt and there were no tears or forced bends . I 'd imagine she will play in it for at least 5 more years .
 We gave our 5 , 3 , and 1 year old this for Xmas and they loved it at first , but here it is January 7th and they do n't play with it much anymore . We did buy an extra set of 100 balls to go with it as well . One of the seams was ripped when we received it , but hopefully that should n't be a problem . Our 1 year old still likes it alot though and loves crawling through the tunnel
 My 21 month old got this for Christmas , and it 's by far the best toy he has ! Finally there 's a toy he can climb in , and on , and around as much as he wants ! It 's wonderful for any child who loves forts , especially with secret passageways!It only comes with 50 balls which are not near enough to fill the ball pit .
 All the kids love this toy . It 's great for all ages . My kids can play with this for hours and it folds up and out of the way . You ca n't ask for anything better . Especially on rainy days .
 This toy has brought hours of fun to my grandchildren . It holds up well to the daily use by three little ones . There are endless scenarios into which the Megaland is placed . Thank you
 the kids loved it only issue is they push on walls and fall over alot easy storage takes up very little room when folded up
 We purchased Playhut 's Megaland for our daughter for her first birthday and she loves it ! It is incredibly easy to put up and take down . It is also simple to link or unlink one cube to or from another . She loves going from `` room '' to `` room '' and through the Megaland tunnels , and I think this toy is something she 'll be able to enjoy for years to come !
 My 18 mo. old twins love the Megaland tent ... especially the basketball goal . It is very large when you put it all together so make sure you have a lot of space if you plan to keep it up .
 This was a big hit . We got it for my 1 1/2 year old grandson . He plays in it all the time.I would buy again in a heart beat .
 Tremendous fun for my 18 month old grandson ! There are a variety of ways to play in/with it . It can be configured in more than one way , has lots of windows and entrances , and lots of balls to throw through them as well as through the hoop . Several children can play in it together , or an adult can easily entertain a child with it . It 's easy to collapse , but not so easy to figure out how to get it back into the bag it comes in .
 I just recently purchased this item from Cal Splash and although they sent me the wrong product Janelle was great at correcting their mistake and refunding me the difference . The product is wonderful and I ca n't wait for my daughter to play with it Christmas morning . Thanks to Janelle at Cal Splash for making everything right .
 Our grandchildren love the tents and tunnels along with the 40 plastic balls that came with it . I bought 100 more balls based on previous reviews and that was a good thing . Also love how it can be dissambled very easily and stored flat !
 This is easy to set up and surprisingly a large once it is . We bought it for our 2 year old and he loves it . Our 5 year old fits just fine too . I would suggest that you pick up extra ` Fun Balls ' the ones that come with it are small diameter and do n't really add up to much fun . I purchased 150 3 '' balls and that fills the floor of the main chamber nicely . Double that and it would be more like a ball pit that your kids can really sink into .
 We bought this as a birthday present for our 1 year daughter and she absolutely loves it . While it is a pretty big play area , you can configure the tunnels and chambers to fit into the space you have available . We actually have the ball pit section disconnected from the rest on the other side of the room , so it is incentive for her to get up and walk to the other side of the room to play in it . She really enjoys sitting in the ball pit , but she enjoys crawling through the tunnels and playing with her toys in the chamber areas even more.One downside to this play system is that while it maintains its form and shape very well , it is not stable to lean on or use as support . This is slightly problematic because she just started walking at around 11 months so she sometimes tries to use it as support or as a climbing toy . It 's not really a big deal because that is just the way it is designed , and that also enables it to be compacted for transport -LRB- which I have not tried because it stays in this room -RRB- . As long as your child is supervised , they 'll be fine.I am not crazy about the fact that the tunnels do not attach to the chambers as well as they could . There are small Velcro latches that stay connected for the most part , but I feel it could have been designed to hold better.Either way , it is not a deal breaker.The balls that come with it are as described , small in size and quantity . You definitely need more balls ; 100 is perfect.I 'm not sure why they do not reccommend this product for children under 3 , in fact , I ca n't imagine children over 3 enjoying it as much as our toddler does . As long as you properly supervise your child , I 'm sure they will love it.I would definitely reccommend this product to a friend or family .
 I bought this for my 2 yr old and he really enjoys it . I was surprised that my 9 yr olds were also having a lot of fun playing in it even though they are a little too big to go through it.I would highly recommend this toy .
 We bought this for our granddaughter on her 2nd birthday . She loved it as soon as it came out of the box ! So did her almost 5 year old brother , though he can not stand up straight in the taller pieces . Our granddaughter loves taking her other toys and dolls into the different compartments and playing with them , treating each space within the playland a separate room . She spends ages in there talking to her dolls in great imaginative play .
 I bought this for my 2 year old nephew -LRB- one year old at the time -RRB- last Christmas . I looked everywhere for it at a good price and could not find a lower price than here . A year later he still loves it , he is very active and loves playing hide and seek in it . I think as he gets older this will be a great toy for imaginative play and in the mean time serves as a great hiding spot and clubhouse for the older kids when we have a get together .
 This is a great tunnel play tent and ball pit ! We originally owned a blow up ball pit and it popped not too long after we got it . I did n't want to buy another one because I quickly found out that many other peoples ' pop also . This ball pit is awesome ! It provides a lot of fun for my daughter to crawl around and play in . It is a lot bigger than I thought it would be , and so it takes up a lot of room when set up . But , it does fold down if desired .
 My son loves this playhouse . He was only 12 months when we got this for him and loves going in and out of the house . the only thing i dont like about this item is that its easily knocked down by son . he leans on item and its always tipping over . i have to put heavy blankets to keep it up.its a great playhouse . spends lots of time in it ! It also needs more balls . 50 balls is not enough it looks empty !!! if you get this make sure to buy the 150 count of balls to go along with it !
 This playland is much larger than I expected ! However , it is easy to remove any part of it and make it smaller . We took out one of the tunnels and one of the smaller `` huts '' and now it does n't take up near as much space , and we can put them back on at any time.We bought this for our 2 year old daughter for her birthday . However , our six year old daughter also loves it . We have a 4 year old nephew , and 3 nieces -LRB- ages 3 , 2 , and 1 -RRB- and they all love it as well . It is the first thing kids want to play with when they come here and it keeps them occupied for hours . Even my brother and my husband enjoy trying to throw the balls through the holes on the sides -LRB- they are overgrown children -RRB- . I would definitely recommend this product . I consider it the best toy purchase we have made !
 This was a big hit at my son 's bday party for my 1-year old , a 2 year old and 4 year old . I took it to the park and used it on top of a camping tarp . It actually has little loops -LRB- used to attach the pieces -RRB- that you can also use to anchor to the ground with tent anchors so it does n't blow over in the wind . A few other comments :1 . Great to use as individual pieces if you do n't have a lot of indoor space . Sometimes we just have one tunnel out for my son to crawl through , or just one of the `` huts '' .2 . Do n't bother with the handful of balls that come with this . It 's a nice gesture but they are small and wo n't come close to giving it a `` ball-pit '' feel . I bought a 150 ball pack from Amazon that worked perfectly -LRB- see product called `` 150 pcs Crush-Proof `` Phthalate Free '' non-PVC Plastic Ball Pit Balls '' -RRB- and bought an inexpensive mesh bag to store them in .3 . It is not easy to fold up ! I had three adults -LRB- all who are very handy eagle-scout types -RRB- trying to follow the directions and get the three big sections to twist correctly to fold down . It took many , many attempts and a good 15 mins but alas we figured it out . It 's the nature of any fold-up product - not faulting this product , and I 'm glad it can fold up for easy storage . Just be aware that it is challenging and takes time & practice to figure out.We 're looking forward to using this toy in all sorts of different configurations for many years as my son grows .
 My 17 months toddler and all her friends of all ages love it and enjoy playing in it ! It is lightweight , extremely easy to install and fold , colorful , durable and fun . Even my husband and I enjoy playing going inside with our daughter :-RRB- The toy was bigger than what we expected and we decided to use only half of it due to the space in our house and to our daughter 's age , but it is still so much fun . Maybe later we will put the other half when she is older.UPDATE : Those small colored balls help my baby learn about different colors.By the way we got it much cheaper from Toys R us .
 Just got this in the mail for my 19 month old daughter . She loved it as soon as I popped it up . Warning though , it is HUGE , lol . I even underestimated how big it would be . Only thing I 'm not crazy about is that the `` 50 '' balls are small so we could definately use some more . Other than that , a great toy . Hopefully it closes up as easily as it went up .
 First off ... as everyone else says . . yeah get some more balls if you want to use it as a ball pit.Secondly mine came in good condition out of the box , no ripped seems or problems like that . It was easy to put together and worked fine . The basketball hoop is velcro attached so I do n't know how people have been breaking it ??? Mine works fine and the kids slam it pretty hard.I usually have 3 girls and 1 boy here and everyone plays pretty well in there - they love it and use it as a playhouse for tea-parties and hide and seek and just general play . One night I had 3 boys and 1 girl and I was quite surprised the thing didnt tear in 2 . They flew around the house at 100 miles an hour terrorizing everything and flipped it over a bunch of times and I would have sworn a couple times it was gon na rip apart but it actually held together . I do have a couple tears now in the walls from when they were really thrashing on it but after reading previous reviews I was kind of expecting that . They are not enough for me to worry about and are not on the seems so no metal is exposed . I do n't think it will last more than 6 months here so Im giving it a somewhat lower score on durability but it really all depends on how its played with.PROS - The kids LOVE LOVE LOVE the toy.Cons - Be ready to buy a new one when this one finally bites the dust . 6 months - 1 year I would guess .
 I bought this to have at my daughter 's 2nd birthday party for the kids to play in . I origionally wanted to buy a ball pit but after reading all of the reviews I decided that I did n't want anything inflatable that was just going to be ruined in a few days ! The mega playland is wonderful ! It is a snap to put up and connect all the tunnels and tents . We had 2 two year olds -LRB- one of them Really rambunctious -RRB- and a five year old playing in in at the same time . And there was room for more kids ! I did buy more balls for the `` ball pit '' tent . 50 is definitly not enough . I bought another 250 and that was a bit overkill . I am really happy with my purchase and would recommend this instead of a inflatable ball pit . It is worth every penny !
 We bought this Playland for our daughters first birthday ! She loves it !! The best thing about the playland is the fact that you can have all of it up or only one `` house '' at a time ! Our 11 month old went stright into the ball pit , and loves going through the tunnels !! You do need to buy extra balls , it comes with some but not enough to make it fun ! Great product easy to put up or down and all the kids had a blast at her party ! -LRB- Great fun for adults too , if you like crawling around with your kids ! -RRB-
 We bought this a year ago for our grandson 's 2nd birthday . He has had uncountable hours of fun and is showing no signs of growing tired of it . A friend of ours has children that are older and younger than our grandson and they have enjoyed playing in this from the time they were crawling until now , which is four years old.I like that it can be folded to a very small size and tucked away . Because of this ability to be flattened , it can be transported with ease when traveling to the park , or to someone 's home . Also , I like the fact that it is affordable and that other pieces can be added later to enlarge the playground.Overall , I think it 's one of the best toys around . It reminds me of the cardboard boxes my sisters and I loved to play in when we were children , except that these are already brightly colored . If you buy one , I highly doubt that you or the children would be anything but delighted .
 my 1yr old loves playing in this , she and our cat will paly in there for a hr at a time . `` mommy time '' the only bad side to this is she knocks over the ball pit part , it usally comes back up by its self . we put our kichen chairs over the tunnels and no problems after that .
 We received the Mega Playland as a birthday gift for our 2 year old daughter . She currently likes the zipper the most , but it is a magnet for kids , cats . No one can resist vying for the best shot or crawling through the tunnels -- including her grandparents.Set-up was simple . I have not tried to take it down yet . It is fairly sturdy and should last our daughter for a while , but older , rambunctious children may want to head to the park.Other reviewers complained about the number of balls and weak seams . I did not expect nor want a ball pit , so the 50 balls are more than enough right now . The seams were in great condition when the Playland arrived and they have survived , but I can see where they may need reinforcement in the future.We really like the Mega Playland with its universal appeal and functionality .
 Our two-year-old has been playing with this playhut for weeks non-stop . There are so many different ways to configure it .
 I purchased this as a gift for my grandson 's 2nd birthday , knowing that his 4year old brother would be playing with it just as much , so needed something that was big enough to share without causing conflict . The main reason for this particular type of pop-up tent was just that , it pops up . We 've had the ones with the poles before and they are such a nuisance to assemble and take apart . These 5 pieces went up in about 8 minutes and were taken down in about 5 , you can not ask more than that . We 'll have to see how long they all last , but so far , both boys are having a great time sinking basketballs and pretending whatever it is they pretend . If it lasts just the one season , I 'll be happy , everything else is gravy .
 I was not so excited about the price but the good reviews on Amazon convinced me to purchase it for my boys . They are 1 and 2 . They love it ! This set is HUGE . Make sure you have space in your home for something like this . We put it between our two sofas in the living room for now . We plan to move it to their playroom as soon as we do some rearranging in there . The boys have knocked it down playing rough inside the hut . It just pops right back . The setup was super easy . If you do n't have a room big enough for the entire play hut then it can easily be setup into two smaller units that are still fun . Great buy . I wished I would have discovered this sooner . This would have really helped out during our snow days and just really cold days when we just did n't leave the house . Also , I plan to take some parts of this unit when we travel this summer .
 I bought this for my twin girls ' first birthday , they love crawling through the tunnels and looking at each other through the holes between the tunnels and tents . They love playing with the balls and have so much fun ! Great toy . : -RRB-
 We 've only had the toy a few hours so the durability mark is somewhat ` biased ' ... but so far it has held up to my son 's ` dive bomber ' syndrome . He 's toppled it , crawled through the ` connection ' points and its held up . The toy is MUCH larger than the picture gives way ! I really like how you can make small ` tunnels ' or connect the whole piece . My son loves the ` plastic ' on the bottom of the tubes and ball pit , loves the noise.My only complaint is on the ball pit piece there 's a zippered section , well unlike the other ` flaps ' that have strings to tie them away the zippered section does NOT have ties . We used some small rubber bands on the ends to keep it up and out of the way so it did n't get ripped , but otherwise it lives up to my expectations so far !
 Our son spends hours inside this . He goes in and out all day long . He loves to sit in the big main section playing with the balls . Sometimes he disappears and we find him just sitting in the center with a spoon trying to pick up the balls and hold them with his spoon . Well worth the money . He typically does n't use the other sections , but the main tall section we leave up and he loves to be in it . Well worth the money .
 This house is bigger than i thought it was going to be . it keeps my child entertained for long periods of time . this product came with a few plastic balls but not nearly enough to fill the main hut . i suggest you purchase an extra bag here or at your local wal mart . Overall i love it -LRB- not nearly as my daughter does -RRB- and i do not regret my decision in buying this product since it keeps the little one busy .
 Bought this for my son 's 1st birthday ; he and his cat love to play in it and knock it over while crawling up the sides . More than once the cat and my son have gotten `` stuck '' in the ball toss holes but it was too serious to cause me worries . I did n't hook the entire structure together as it is too big for my office but if you are using it outside you should be fine . In the ball pit part , I ca n't imagine more than two children being able to play at once . The balls do n't stay in the ball pit due to the shallow `` walls '' . For us the number that came with was just right since they end up every but in the ball pit.I do n't expect it to last more than a year -LRB- if I 'm lucky two -RRB- with how rough they are on it . I 'm already seeing fraying and string and it 's bent out of shape from being knocked over and jumped on from all directions.Overall , for fun 5 stars but quality only 2.5 stars . -LRB- Please keep in it was up everyday and they had access to playing in it all day long -RRB- .
 This is huge !! It came in this small box and I remember thinking `` wow the kids are going to be disappointed '' then I started to unfold it and it 's absolutely huge ! The plan was to set it up down the entire length of the hallway and it does n't even fit ! They love it ! I can see hours and hours of play ahead !!
 I believe that I bought this one nearly two years ago and my now 3 year-old son still makes me pull it out of the closet for him to play with . It 's not a bad buy even if you have limited room because kids love enclosed areas for some reason and it 'll keep them occupied for hours-especially if they have friends over . I have trouble quantiying the educational value of this toy , but I will say that it helped him to trust me even more when I would convince him to go in one end and then I would be at the other end to greet him . It 's a solid investment that I wished I had the pleasure of enjoying when I was his age ...
 My 2 year old and 1 year old enjoy this alot . It is not something that we leave up all of the time due to space restrictions in our home . It works great for a rainy day or weekend . It is very quick to set-up and take down . It folds up very well for storageand would be very easy to pack in a suitcase and take on vacation . Its not the greatest quality product , but I do not know what other reviewers were expecting -LRB- maybe a backpacking tent for climbing Everest ? -RRB- . Overall , I am very satisfied , the construction has held up to pretty intense play , the kids enjoy it , and its ease of use make it a winner for us .
 This is a great toy for people who do n't have much space . If you are used to the things that twist and fold for storage ; all of these pieces fold up in a similar way.It 's super easy to set this up and take it down . My son loves it and when we are done playing it all folds up to a nice small size for storage . You can use it indoors or outdoors . The only hazard we are finding about having it indoors is you end up with balls everywhere . Which the cats enjoy but I do n't enjoy much . Luckily my son thinks picking the balls up is a game , so it works out okay.The balls that come with it are not enough for the ball pit . I went and bought another 200 balls to fill the ball pit up nice and good . My 14 month old son loves it.It is about as durable as you would expect it to be for the cost and portability . Similar to many other twist and fold items . It does blow over easy and get knocked over pretty easy ; but for my son that 's all part of the fun : - -RRB- Surprisingly my cats also love chasing each other in and out of the tunnels . We 've had this a couple months now and it has stood up to kid and cats so far . We love it and my son will spend a good hour or so playing in there at a time .
 I bought this when my daughter was just starting to crawl and she has always loved it . She still crawls through it and whenever we have play dates the kids love it . I did purchase extra balls but I got them at toys r us for $ 9.95 for 100 . I love that if you do n't have the space for the whole thing you can just put some of the cubes away in a closet .
 Our son was about 21 mos at Christmas 07 - he loved it when we made a tent out of the sheets on our bed or a blanket . We got him this and it rocked his world on Christmas day and we have had so much fun with it ! He says , `` tent ! tent ! '' and gets in it . It makes him really happy . It folds up really nicely into very small packages . We looked at a lot of tents , and we found this to be the most for our money , plus it 's easy to set up and take down because it does n't have any poles . It folds right up and comes with its own little carrying cases for the tents and tunnels . Put it all together or just a few pieces - it 's flexible like that . Our family highly recommends this toy ! Enjoy !
 My 2 yr old granddaughter loved this Xmas present . We had to set it up immediately and she could n't get enough of it . It also came down very easily and was packed for her trip home in about 5 min .
 They biggest hit for my 1 year old son . He loves it ... and his big sister gets a kick out of it with him . Good gift ! . It 's large ... but that 's what makes it fun ! It now takes residence in our playroom ...
 While the product is nice , I feel it was greatly over priced and the express shipping was rediculas charge . I probably could have found it or something like it much cheaper but was in a holiday rush .
 toddler loves to explore in this maze . It arrived timely and more than meets expectations of both the toddler and the parents .
 We have had this a year now and it is still holding strong ! It takes up a good bit of room so have plenty of floor space . My son does love it and still plays in it almost every day . We also bought 100pcs fun ballz to fill the ball pit up !
 Santa bought this for my then 11 month old for his first Christmas . He and his little friends just love playing in the tents and tunnells . -LRB- The cats do too . -RRB- I do n't think you need to wait for age 3 as recommended . I do wish it were a bit sturdier as a couple of the ties have torn already . I highly recommend this product , especially over the winter when it is wet and dreary here -- it sits in our living room for oodles of fun .
 My son absolutely loves this playhouse , which is why I rate it so high . My only issue with it is that the straps that connect each section are not that strong , about 50 % of them have ripped . Other than that , this playhouse was a huge success at our house . It is easy to set up and take down , stores easily under the bed , and my son wants to play with it every day . I would recommend this product .
 very nice tent , that my twin sons always want to play hide and seek with me . they really like to go in and come out of the tent through tunnels . definitely , the ball , that come with this tent are not at all sufficient . and also , we need to be careful , with the kids who are very rash . they can easily drag it . only for the large tent , the bottom has a base . other has empty space on the base . so its not suitable for out doors . but we can use it on the grass or indoors . its suitable for both boys and girls . kids will enjoy when their friends come to play with them . but the price is definitely not resonable . . its very costly compared to other malls
 I probably bought this too early for my 2 year old but it 's held up well . At first she would crawl thru it and knock it down all the time.Now she likes to hide in it . It 's a fun item if you have the room . Kids love it.Would buy again .
 My kids enjoyed a similar set up at a children 's museum we visited this summer so I 've bought this one for them as a gift in December . We set it up so we could check out the quality and make sure it was what I wanted . It 's better then I expected . Seems very durable and sturdy and has held up so far.It 's very simple but for kids with good imagination they can pretend it into whatever they want it to be . The other thing I like is that in the summer we can move it out the yard for them to play with outside .
 This toy was purchased for our granddaughter who is 2 years old . She loves it and plays with it all the time . Our daughter -LRB- mom -RRB- loves it because it is durable and easy to store . I 'm glad that I bought an extra bag of plastic balls to put inside .
 I purchased this , and an extra bag of balls , as a Christmas gift for an eighteen month old . He was a little intimated by the fact that he had to get into it , but he loved the balls . I 'm sure once he gets used to it , him and his friends will have many hours of fun , and his parents will love it also , because the kids ca n't break it . This is also easy to put up and take down . Beware though , because it does take up alot of room , but they are lucky and have a large playroom in their basement .
 I bought this for my nieces who live in Florida . They love it and beg for their mom to set it up . Its a great gift if you have the space to set it up - as it is a little large - but works great both outside and in .
 I bought this for my daugther who is two and my five year old for Christmas . It is very easy to put together and they are both having tons of fun with it . It 's not hard to fold back for storage which is great .
 This is a great fold-down toy . My son had a set of tunnels before this that he loved but outgrew . This product uses the same principle as pop-open/twist-and-fold - down windshield shades . They are a little more complicated , but with a couple practice tries , you will find this fairly easy to set up and take down , especially if you take it down daily ! The instructions are not exact for this specific item , so follow it 's concepts more than it 's exact images . It is better as an inside toy unless you have a golf course for a lawn but it folds down quickly and stores nicely in it 's own bag . It travels well , too .
 My 1 year old grandson loves playing in this and exploring the different areas . It 's easy to make it different and challenging for him with the different compartments . He loves it , so we do too .
 Cons
 The entire play tent idea is a great idea . However , it does need a little more attention to the velcro snaps to attach the tunnels and tents together into one unit . It is n't durable enough for the price . I had it out for a day , and my daughter did n't last in it . She prefers the schoolbus instead . I can see this toy breaking down with tears very quickly because it is a little fragile .
 . . and my kids are not children , but ferrets ! Many ferret owners have discussed with others the fun a ferret can have in a ball-pit , but since their claws will break them , people tend to use cardboard boxes with plastic eggs or ball-pit balls . No such issues with this toy ! And of course , my neices are hideously jealous of it ... . it is very easy to break down flat ; looping it into the bags * feels * funny because it feels like you 're going to break something , but eventually with enough pressure it twists instantly into the right shape to fit into the bags . Honestly I do n't think there is any way for anything in it to break - I 've had nine hyper animals climbing all over it nails and all and it 's held up for months now ; not to mention that at night , when the ferrets are tucked away in their cages , the cats decide it is now their toy and use as a staging ground to leap on one another .
 I would like to know if the balls can be purchased seperatly ? I need to replace some of the balls that have been lost , destroyed , tossed away , or whatever . In a past review there was a recomdation to purchase extra balls , I would like to replace some , can you help me ?
 PARA EL PRIMER CUMPLEA&N tilde ; OS DE MI HIJO , LE COMPRE EL MEGALAND . EN CUANTO LO INSTALE EN SU CUARTO -LRB- ES FACIL ARMARLO -RRB- , MI HIJO ENTRO GATEANDO Y SE PUSO A JUGAR CON LAS PELOTAS . CASI NO LO PODEMOS SACAR PARA DORMIRLO . AHORA LE GUSTA JUGAR MUCHO CON LOS PRIMOS Y AMIGOS . LAS PELOTAS QUE TRAE -LRB- 50 -RRB- SON INSUFICIENTES , LE COMPRE 150 ADICIONALMENTE . ESTAMOS PENSANDO EN COMPRARLE LOS ADICIONALES PARA AMPLIARLO .
 i 'm 2 and STILL play with this toyie . my gal pals says it babyish but i dont care . even though i 2 i STILLLLLLLLLL looooooooooooooooveeeeeeeeeeee tttttttttittttttt @
 Bought this last Christmas -LRB- at full price -RRB- for my then 1 & 2 year olds . They are playing with it now . I use it as an indoor toy , for cold or rainy days when we do n't get to their backyard playground as much as usual . It stores away flat and easily . I 've been quite happy with it .
 We gave the Megaland Playhut to our one year old on his birthday , he is a little young for it , but we beleive it is the type of thing he can grow into and play with for a long time . We are very impressed with the quality , craftsmanship , and ingenuity of the design . The tunnel system does not feel claustrophobic because they have included cutouts with screens so you can see thru a space and other cutouts that are open . This also allows parents to check up on the child 's activities . The only thing we have noticed , it has only been two weeks , if it is windy outside , the Playhut can blow over on it 's side .
 This tent is one of the most durable tents out there ! My 2 year old boy loves it ! I have bought many tents in the past and most just collapse . This one doesnt because it has anchors on the bottom and a very strong frame . It doesnt take up much room either ! Advice
 We got this tent for our 15-month old baby and she LOVED IT ! Now she is 2-years old and still loves it.I 'll tell why this is a great gift for kids
 We got this for our son about a month ago . He 's almost 14 months now , younger than the recommended age of 3 years , but he is never unsupervised when using the playhut . Our son loves to play hide and seek -LRB- hiding from us , of course :-RRB- -RRB- inside the playhut , or just going in and retrieving the balls we toss in there for him . He does n't exactly know what to do with the basketball hoop yet , but I 'm sure that will come.He has lost his balance while in the playhut and knocked it down , but it pops right back up . And , since we have it up against a wall , it is more stable anyway.Enjoy !
 My 12 month old LOVES this toy . First thing in the morning , she 'll walk over to it and demand that I set it up . We usually only set up one big tent -LRB- usually the ball pit -RRB- and a tunnel . She LOVES to go in there and hide or play . She 'll often bring toys in there with her . Like many other reviews said , the tunnels do n't stay to the tent very well , but she prefers to play with the tunnels seperate anyway . We will probably eventually get more balls , but for now 50 is plenty -LRB- they usually end up all over the floor anyway -RRB- . Ii is fairly hard to fold back up , takes some practice -LRB- I still ca n't get the big ball pit completely folded down -RRB- . But even just flat , they 're easy to store.Definitely a fun toy and worth the money !!!!
 We purchased this toy for our son 's first birthday . He has loved crawling in and out of all of the `` windows '' . I definitely agree that more balls are needed for the pit ... 50 hardly covers the floor of the pit . My husband and I have both crawled through it and it 's held up pretty well . I am certainly pleased with how easily it collapses for storage . Whenever friends come over , their toddlers love to play in it , too . We look forward to having this for years to come !
 While I am generally pleased with this toy , I really imagined it larger than it actually is . It 's a good size for a toddler , but I would n't buy it for older kids to play in . It sets up very easily , however , it 's extremely tricky to put away despite what the smiling model on the box leads you to think . Also , while fairly durable , it is NOT nearly as durable as camping tent canvas .
 My kids 4 and 6 both love this , I bought it for my 4 year olds birthday . I really liked the fact that it folded flat and was easy to store , however , my husband and I have yet to figure that out !
 This is the most played with toy in our house . The tunnels and cubes give it limitless possibilities . The ball pit is the biggest hit with the kids and with us , also . The `` door '' to the ball pit zips shut to keep them all in . As with most items that have ball pit balls , there are not enough included but we added a box of 100 balls and it was perfect for the kids . We have children ranging in ages from 10 months to 10 years and they all play with this toy . The older kids enjoy shooting hoops with the balls and chasing the younger ones through the tunnels . The younger children seem to enjoy the ball pit and tunnels the best . Whenever anyone comes over to our house , this is the first toy they go to in the playroom ! The best thing about it , though , is that we can easily pop it down for when we need to move it . We recently painted the playroom and it was the easiest thing to move in there . We have had other playhuts in the past and they all last a long time and through many children . Much better than plastic or inflatable models . Well worth the money for the use you will get from it .
 I , like many other reviewers , had a blow-up ball pit . It was a huge hit and lasted 6 months before developing a hole which I could not find , yet caused considerable deflation every two days . I did consider getting another blow-up , until I read about everyone complaining about the hassel of blow-up pits getting holes and their inablility to quickly take down/move them . I also thought that the Megaland would encourage more physical and imaginative play for my 2 and 3 year old boys and help keep them busy and active all Winter long . I 've only had the Megaland play center for about a week , but I am very happy that I chose to get it . The flexibility it lends in easy collapse and compact storage is terrific and the quality seems fine . I also like that it can be taken apart and rearranged in numerous different ways . This is done with changing simple velcro attachments . This will add new and greater interest in playing with it . I am glad that I have the 100 balls from my old ball pit to add to the 50 which come with the Megaland-though I have not used them yet . If you are particulary interested in having `` ball pit '' play then I feel it is essential for you to purchase an extra 100 balls . The 50 balls that come with the Megaland are not nearly enough for a `` ball pit '' enjoyment .
 The Megaland by Playhut is excellent for little folks . It is durable and can take the wear and tear of cowboy and indians , space adventures to the princess in the castle . It has been turned over , stepped on , kicked , pushed around the floor and sat on by my year old son . My five year old and 3 year old have taken it a step further than the baby by making this playland their make-believe area . The balls are awesome because I get to keep them clean and they are very safe . It has been great for rainy days or when we ca n't get to the park . I have different pieces in different rooms . Since you can add on pieces I am going to invest in more tunnels . But you definately need a big play area when the entire megaland is set up .
 My 14 month old son loves this toy ! He uses one tent for a `` reading room '' , one for the balls , and one for his baby instruments . He can play independently for fairly long periods of time in his personal space . He loves to play catch with the balls . This is worth the money , and very durable . I think he will play with it for a long time .
 Our 15 month old twins love to play hide and seek and love to chase each other through the tunnels . The netting is fun to see each other through . They play for hours and always come up with ways to go in and out of tunnels . Love the product .
 This is a great toy . My 1 year old and 3 year old boys love it . The big tent has a zipper flap so that parents can crawl in with the kids ... something my boys love us to do . The ability to change configuration is very nice . Once the boys stop using it , it is folded up and put away in 5 minutes flat . After a few weeks , we bring it out and it 's like a new toy all over . My oldest gets intimidated by large groups of people and uses this as a `` safe area '' . It is open , yet gives him a sence of detaching from a crowd . I highly recommend this toy ! You may want to spring for the extra balls . The ones included with this toy do n't really fill up the big tent . All in all , very well worth the money . I 'd recommend it to anybody .
 This play area is great . My daughter at 1yr does n't tire quickly with this . There 's alot to do and she loves the balls !
 I was pretty sure this was what I wanted to get my daughter for her 2nd birthday , but I was totally amazed when I brought it home . It came in a relatively small box , and with out the balls it would fit into a box that is only 3 inches thick . This is very easy to assemble . I think it took me a total of 5 minutes , and there are a bunch of different configurations you can put it in . My daughter , husband and I can all fit , although going through the tunnels is a squeeze . We have a blast . One thing I recommend is getting another 100 balls . It adds to the fun !
 I was a little concerned ordering this - it got great play-time reviews , but not so great fold-away reviews . We have to be able to fold this up as we have a small house . With others ' cautions about correct folding in my mind , I carefully opened these when they arrived making sure I paid close attention to how they were folded -LRB- I put my enthusiastic 2 year old in the shipping box with the 50 ball-pit balls to play -RRB- . After watching how they 're un-folded , I can easily get them re-folded . Also , they do n't have to be folded all the way down in order to be storable - we do the first fold -LRB- flat -RRB- and put them behind our couch . Also , David jumped on one and it looked mangled , but I was able to twist the wire back to it 's regular position - you 'll see what I mean when you order this . The play-time reviews were right-on ! David loves everything about this wonderful play system .
 I bought this for my 1 year old son and he loves it ! He loves to hide in the huts , go in and out of the flap doors , through the tunnels etc. . This is definitely a playset that he will get a lot of use out of for many years to come . You will want to purchase more balls if you plan on using this more as a ball pit -LRB- only comes with a few . -RRB- Some of the great features - it folds up very quick and easy for storing -LRB- even the tunnels fold up , -RRB- there are 3 huts and 2 tunnels so you do n't have to put all of them up if space is an issue , quality material that will last forever ! If you are thinking about buying a play hut - this is the one to buy , you wo n't go wrong !
 excellent product !! my grand sons are playing with it every chance they have . the one your-olds can be distructive , but this product has so far held its own with them . i love the way it can be folded and carried to the play area or the pool . the best thing i purchased for them in a long time.michael
 OK ... I CA N'T REALY COMMENT ON THE DURABILITY because this will be a Holiday gift for my one year old . . So I stayed nutral ... but my husband and I were so excited to see it when it came that we took it out of the box and began to set it up ... . how many grown ups does it take to get this thing back in the little tiny bag it comes in ... I still ca n't do it . . Furthermore . . they make a notation on the box -LRB- AFTER using the portability as a selling tool that it should be stored OUT OF THE BAG AND FLAT !!!! well the reeled me in with the portability thing . . I learned my lesson ! Plus . . if you do buy this ... get EXTRA BALLS . . they do not give you nearly enough to even cover the bottom on the ball pit tent !
 Kids love it , stores in small space , it does take up a lot of space if you set up the whole thing has 5 sections and some small balls , We set just part of it up at a time . Gammy Approved EASY to Setup , Take down and Store . My grand kids and nephew kids ages 15mo boy ,18 mo girl and 3 year old boy LOVE this toy
 My kids age 2 & 4 absolutely love this ! It 's not bottom heavy so they can easily tip it over while jumping around the inside but so far we have n't had any serious accidents . The balls that come with it really are n't enough to fill enough the ball pit area but that is perfectly OK with me ! I really do n't like picking up all the balls that get thrown out of it anyways ! So in my opinion it 's the perfect amount . I have a feeling this is gon na be a favorite for many many months !
 I purchased this for my 14 month old who quickly climbed into the ball pit and started playing.Pros : Lightweight , indoor/outdoor use.Easy set up -LRB- pops open -RRB- , easy take down -LRB- just fold up -RRB- . Comes with it 's own bag to store pieces when not in use , plus net bag for the 50 included balls.Easily folds away into a small space . Excellent for smaller homes/apartments/mobile homes , as you can put it up during the day , then fold it away at night.Also great that you can set it up any way you want . There are velcro straps and cloth loops on the ends of each tunnel and `` tent '' so you can hook them together on either side . This also allows flexibility to put up as many or few pieces you want . -LRB- We 're going to leave the ball pit up , but fold some of the other pieces down -RRB- . With supervision , it 's great for toddlers -LRB- box says ages 3 + -RRB- . Balls included are just right size for small hands to grasp , but do not pose choking hazard.Cons : Lightweight -- easily pushed over/folded down by my toddler . Make sure there are n't any corners nearby . Works really good when `` held in place '' by wall/couch . Supervision recommended.Some of seams are n't completely sewn -LRB- especially near bottom of `` doors '' , plus minor hole around netting on ball pit where seam not sewn correctly -RRB- . Recommend careful inspection before use.As other reviewers recommended , I purchased an additional 100 balls pack since the 50 smaller balls do n't even cover the bottom of ball pit.All in all , product meets my needs . Would recommend , especially if you want something to keep them busy for hours , but can put quickly away . I 'm looking forward to lots of use .
 My parents purchased this as a gift for my almost 1 year old daughter . Beware that the packaging says for 3 + years only.It is a great set of tunnels and playhuts for young children to crawl through and play with . It 's really nice to have a ball pit within the hut - although you will need to buy more balls as the included number is insufficient - just enough to tempt a child without being enough to properly play.It is very easy to assemble and disassemble so you do n't have to spend hours taking it down when you just want some space for something else.It is very lightweight - this is good but also not great as young children can easily knock it over . Even when fully assembled , it is relatively easy for a small child to lean against one side too heavily and cause the whole structure to tip . I do n't think this will be as much of a problem for older children who know that they are supposed to just crawl through and play without leaning on the sides but my daughter loves to try and stand up holding onto the sides and then it tips right over.Brightly coloured , fun to look at without being too invasive into your living space.A good purchase but beware of knocking it over !
 We got this for our two year old 's birthday . She loves it ! We do n't have to even set up the full unit , and she has n't even been told about the ball room . She loves to play peek-a-boo through the side `` windows '' . We have played with it/in it for hours and she gets delighted when we take it out . It is very easy to set up , however it is not easy to twist the larger parts back up to put into the carry bag . The diagrams showing how to twist it back up are not very detailed . I 'd still purchase it again in a heartbeat as it is my daughter 's favorite toy !
 The whole set up is hugh . I use just the large hut when the grand kids come over because we do n't have enough room for the all of it . I did n't realize how big it was when I ordered it . The large hut has already come apart -LRB- the metal band -RRB- and was a bear to get back together and it 's a bear to fold up ... they always make it look so easy . The kids like it . You have to buy more balls though . The 50 that it comes with just wo n't do . I have purchased 400 balls from other sources ... that sounds like a lot but it 's not ... except when picking them up .
 It is amazing that all of the sections and the 50 little balls fit into such a small space ! It is definitely as much fun as it looks ! My niece 's son climbed inside as soon as we set it up and said , `` FUN ! '' He absolutely LOVES it ! It is a very good value for the price !
 My daughter loves this toy ! I only pull it out on rainy days ... and it keeps her occupied . I did purchase 100 extra balls .
 My kids have had this for two years and still love it . Nothing has ripped and only a few balls have cracked . My kids , school age , help set it up now and it is easy enough for them to do alone .
 My 2 year old loves tis toy . She always asks me to put it out . It is a great portable toy . We wnt to the beach and to the park with it . She loves it !!!
 My two daughters -LRB- age 1 and 3 -RRB- love this play hut . They love to hide and play in the tunnels . I bought more balls to add to the fun . It needs more balls.It takes up a lot of room but can be changed into many different designs or seperated -LRB- to put in different bedrooms -RRB- .
 We bought this for my three-year-old nephew , and he loves it . His one-year-old sister follows him through the tunnels also . Our nephew and niece do n't use the balls with the set , but they use them separately by rolling them around the room . If you are a parent who ca n't stand a big mess to pick up , you might want to give your child -LRB- ren -RRB- the play tent and tunnels and hide the balls somewhere or just give them a few . Set-up is easy . The tent and tunnels store away easily -LRB- after a bit of practice -RRB- and quite compactly . Overall , this is a good product that 's fun for little kids .
 My 11 month old twins went wild when we set up the playset on vacation with all the pieces ! They could not get over the balls and tunnels . It is too big for our living room , so we have just one tunnel leading into the big tent with the balls . They love it and go in on their own to play and bring the balls out . I would recommend this to parents.Kelly - Fort Worth , TX
 Bought it for our 2-year-old , and our 6-year-old could hardly wait to get his hands on it . Both kids play for hours , and make up all kinds of imaginary scenarios for their tent set-ups . Very compact for putting away ... especially considering how big the tents are when they are open . We expect to get many years of play out of these . Durability is still unknown , but we 've had another Play-Hut toy for years , and it looks as good as new .
 The mega play land i received is not the one in the picture , But that is ok because i like this one alot more then the one in the picture , It is fun and so far the kids love it . . If you have older children you may want to purchase a bag of extra ball my child is to small right now but when she gets bigger i am goin to buy more balls for it !! So far it is a fun toy that everone loves !!!
 We got this out for our 11-month-old yesterday , and he LOVES IT ! He 's at the age where he loves exploring and crawling everywhere , so he 's fascinated with it . He also is at an age where he likes leaning on and grabbing everything , so the fact that this is so flexible and springs back so easily is a huge plus.My husband keeps saying that he 's jealous that he did n't have a toy this cool when he was little .
 We purchased this for our grand daughter and it 's the best thing we 've purchased in regards to hours spent together .
 Just got it today and my almost 16 month old grandson loves it . I feel the design makes it really sturdy because he can push the sides down etc. . and it will pop right back in place yet it is soft enough so that he wo n't get hurt on it either . ordered more balls , since 50 is not enough . Overall I think it is a great toy and will keep his imagination growing .
 I have a 9 month old boy who loves crawling around and walking around . He loves it , and crawling through the tunnels gives him a challenge . Bought seperate balls for the ball pit because the balls that came with it sucked big time they were dinky and awful . The 200 ball pack I bought for like 38 bucks was sooooo worth it ! They were big and sturdy ! Bottom line this playland is awesome for young babies , but it would n't be sturdy enough for a toddler who 's tear it down . I can easily get knocked over with how toddlers play . But for a 9-12month old it 's perfect .
 My 18 month old got this for his 1st B-day , and he has loved it from day 1 ! He loves to hide it in while we act like we are searching frantically all over the house for him!hehehe My only complaint is ever since when we pulled it out after breaking it down for storage , the big middle part leans to the left . I would suggest buying extra balls when you purchase this . This is the best gift he got for sure ! We have had a lot of fun with it !
 Bought this for my nephew for his birthday and he loves it . Lots of different things for him to do .
 After having read some of the reviews on here I was skeptical about letting my husband buy this for our daughter . I figured if it was really horrible I would send it back no big deal . From the time I pulled it out of the box she has been loving it . She plays in it all the time . It is flexible so i could align to fit in the corner of the living room like a V . It is easy to knock down when playing in there too rough -LRB- happened with the older/bigger cousins -RRB- but for my 1 yr old it is perfectly fine . The balls are enough for someone as small as her but for older kids I would totally recommend getting a lot more . Overall I would recommend this to others for sure . In fact my sister in law is getting ready to get one for her two yr old twins .
 This was the best thing I could have bought . Put some foam alphabet tiles under it and the kids played in and out round n round or just sat in the ball pool . It appears flimsy , but took hammering after hammering over Xmas n New Year from a houseful of kids . Awsome fun for them all . Would suggest buying an extra 100 balls to top it up .
 My boys love this tent set . It is so easy to set up . It all folds up really small and fits in the included bag . We have had a couple other tent toys before but we end up loosing some of the parts . This does not have any small parts to loose ! Very cool . I would recomend it to anyone with small children .
 My daughter is 18 months old and she loves hiding . We got this for xmas and she absolutely loved it . Considering her attention spam , she actually occupied herself more than 10 minutes -LRB- big deal for us :-RRB- . Pretty big for our living room , but I set up only 2 attachments so it served the purpose.Definitely recommend this product for 18 months and up ...
 My grandson LOVES to build blanket houses using furniture and pillows . So , when my daughter-in-law put this on his Christmas wish list , I knew it would be a hit . And , it was - for both him and his younger sister.There are a few problems though . For the price , we would have liked it to be more durable and easier to fold for storage . Thus , the basketball hoop has already torn and one of the frames is slightly bent . We had to leave it double its intended storage size , but at least it stores flat . The doorways do n't fully attach , allowing children to exit unintended areas which we believe will tear in time.Would we buy it again knowing these problems ? Yes .
 I bought this playland for my eighteen month old grandson . He loves the ball pit but the tunnel parts do not stay attached very well . He tries to get to the main ball pit with out going through the tunnel pieces . We ended up only attaching one tunnel to the ball pit and he still loves it ! Also the small balls that gave with the playland were not enough . We had to purchase another 200 balls to make it a real ball pit !!
 We gave this to our grandsons for Christmas ; their ages are 1 and 3 . Their cousins jumped in and had fun in it too ; their ages are 5 and 7 . It accomodated all four of them pretty well . It literally took longer to open the box than it took to get it assembled and filled with children . It looks like taking down and storing will be easy and fast too . The nylon did n't seem particularly thick so I wonder about long-term wear and tear . Great value for the price , though . I did purchase extra balls , there is not a sufficient quantity included , in my opinion but even with that extra purchase I believe that overall , the play structure is a good value and a sure-hit with the little ones .
 Great product and one of the big hits of Christmas ! We were initially afraid he might not like crawling through the tunnels -LRB- Age 1.5 -RRB- , but they were clever about the design and you can see `` in and out '' from everywhere . It is easy up and easy down and has provided hours of play . He loves it !!!
 My 3 1/2 year old twin grandsons seem to be enjoying this tunnel tent ball pit they received for Chrismas
 Purchased for xmas for my 2yr . old and my 11 mnth old.This is great for small children this age group!Hours of fun!Had to purchased xtra balls , but overall this is great for them to play inside .
 We got this for our 18 month old son for Christmas . -LRB- Santa had to come early this year -RRB- . He LOVES it !! It was hard to find a good gift for his age range -LRB- or something he does not have -RRB- . He really likes the ball pit . His 10 year old sister likes to chase him thru the tunnels and play with the hoop . My husband and I are so pleased with how much fun he is having . A very good buy in my opinion !
 It is a fun item for the kids . It just does n't stay in place as the kids play in it . This has ties for connecting the tunnels and I prefer the velcro strips from a previous Megaland I purchased 6 years ago .
 I bought this for my twin boy grandkids . They took with them when they moved to Germany and are still having fun with it . The neighbor boys and the twins play in and with it although it is mostly reserved for special occasion kids parties now .
 The tents and balls have just been so great for our daughter and her friends . It would be great , though , if the tunnels were a little longer ...
 Good product , minorly difficult to fold back up , but kids enjoyed it greatly . It was a good deal for the money .
 This playhut has provided hours and hours of fun for my girls . The dog has even tried to join in ... This is well worth the investment . I did a lot of research before choosing this playhut . I looked at play tents as well . I like the fact that this has three pieces , plus the two tunnels , that join together and they can climb from one to the next . It is so easy to fold and put away . Takes like two seconds . Literally !!!
 My two year old son loves this . I bought an extra 100 balls to go in the center/main room . The entire kit is a bit large for my living area , but my son only wants to play in the main compartment where the balls are . He is content to crawl around and throw himself into it for almost an hour straight every day . great toy !
 I bought this for my youngest son 's third birthday . It is a great product ! Both of my boys , -LRB- ages 3 and 6 -RRB- love to play with it . It is a good outside or inside toy but to use it outside there can not be much wind because it is very light and will blow around easily . To use inside you do need lots of room . It can be put together or taken apart in less than 5 minutes so it is a toy you can buy even if you do n't have room to always leave it up . I would recommend this toy to anyone . It would be a great toy for a baby just learning to craw .
 Very cool toy to play with ! Love the fact that you can re-connect and re-arrange things easily . My 10 month old was scared to crawl in when it was assembled in one big long piece , but when I broke it up he went nuts ! I can see this getting lots of use.Be sure to check the dimensions ... this is BIG !
 The grand children love this toy . I gives then their own space to play that they really feel is theirs .
 My three-year old twin granddaughters love Megaland . They take a lantern , toys , throw pillows and entertain themselves together or in separate huts . They ask for their `` Huts and Balls '' everytime they visit . And I can store it out of sight quickly and easily when they are n't around.They keep finding new ways to enjoy it . It was a great gift .
 My daughter just turned three and she LOVES this toy ! Regardless of what I have read , I find this toy to be TOTALLY easy to assemble and disassemble . I think it is definitely a must !
 I got this for my son when he was 2 he is 3and1/2 now and still loves it when I put it up . It is easy to set up and take down and stores very easy . I had it out for his 3 b-day party there was 6 six kids playing in it from 1 to 7 they all loved it . I also got the Jump-o-lene love it they are ready to go to sleep after playing . thanks
 This product is awesome . Children as well as adult children can safely play with product and not damage it at all . If you have a very playful child -LRB- or adult -RRB- this is the best toy to have .
 I have 3 yr old boy/girl twins who enjoyed this product greatly for about 2 months of occasional use . -LRB- I work outside of the home and the only time they could use it was evenings -RRB- The fabric began tearing and coming off of the frame almost immediately . I put the tunnels away for future play and salvaged one of the smaller cubes . I 'd expect this wear and tear from more active kids ; mine did n't even jump around in it , just threw balls at each other ! We were very disappointed !
 We got this for my son 's 1st b-day . He LOVES crawling through the tunnels and it has taught him how to duck and not hit his head on things . He goes in it all the time by himself , or sometimes waits for us to chase him in . You have to get extra balls - the 50 it comes with is not nearly enough . We got an extra 200 and it is perfect . It does take up space , but it is super easy to take down , connect and unconnect the tunnels , etc. . Love it !
 My twin boys -LRB- 16 months -RRB- love this toy . I would suggest getting at least 100 extra balls . -LRB- I have 250 in our ball pit and it really looks fun -RRB- -RRB- The connections are n't the best , but they work better than other company models that do n't have velcro straps . Our kids play in this on and off most of the day . On a cautionary note , this is a fairly large system of tunnels and tents so make sure that you have plenty of room . Of course , you can use the pieces separately to make several smaller play spaces instead of one large area . Overall , I am glad I purchased this and that I did n't wait until the recommended 3 year old age range .
 I bought this for my daughter 's first birthday and she loves it ! She plays with it every day and sometimes brings other toys inside so she can use it as her own little house . While I would give this toy 5 stars because of how much she enjoys it , I have 3 caveats :1 . Her older cousins played with it very roughly and were able to rip the fabric above the flaps .2 . The balls DO come out of the play hut fairly easily so you will spend a lot of time picking them off the floor .3 . The balls included are not sufficient so you do need to buy at least 100 more or plan not to use the balls at all . -LRB- That 's what I did since I got tired of picking them up -RRB- With all that said though , I would purchase this toy again .
 This is a wounderfull toy , especially if you have few kids of close age so they can play together . My 3 children have hours of fun with it . I wish that there were more balls , but overall great thing to have !!! And for this price it is really worth it .
 My child love this . The balls get all over the place but they are having fun . Yes , you will need more balls then the 50 included to make the ball pit `` Fun '' . It has started to tear in places -LRB- only 2 weeks old -RRB- but I have 4 children playing in it and 3 are very rough on the poor thing -LRB- but I really do n't see any children who are truly enjoying them self in playing with this being ever so gentle -RRB- . I do believe this could have been built and designed better . For instance , it would be nice to get the flaps out of the way maybe with Velcro - the ties do not help so much and the zippered back could have either had ties to keep it open or Velcro . I do n't see it lasting to long unfortunately . SO it 's tears versus a holes to repairs with a plastic ball pit , pick your poison . On the plus side it is very quick and simple to put up and take down -LRB- which may not be a good thing because you have to set it upright again and again -RRB- . I had a little problem trying to fold it all back up to put back in the bag it came in-but it probably is better to store it flat-to help it keep it 's shape . It is big but you do n't have to have it all set up at once if you do n't want , and your children will still have fun with it . Over all I believe it was a worthy purchase and my baby and other children love it , ages 1-11 .
 I got this as a christmas present for my toddler . and He loves it ! But it 's BIG . takes up a big chunck of our living room , so we took off the two smaller `` houses '' and only bring those out during tantrums.I have the hardest time folding it back though ...
 Make sure to buy extra balls and it is a fun toy . My one year old loves it . It 's not too big if you only set up certain pieces .
 One of the best things about this playland is that it is extremely portable . It fold down in seconds and is so small and light ! It is also pleasantly big so my brother will not get bored of it right away . Although they advertise that there are a lot of different ways to arrange it though , all you can really change is the order of the tunnels and huts . There are n't any openings on the sides so one after the other is all the variety there is . Still , it 's long and big enough to fit a few kids in there . My biggest problem with it is that it has no way to fasten the pieces together . You pretty much have to keep pushing the huts/tunnels together because there is no velcro or anything to keep them together . It 's a bit annoying but not enough to where I would n't recommend it to someone else . It 's a great price for such a big product and I can see many uses for it that can engage a child 's imagination for a longer time than most toys .
 I bought this item for my 18 month old grandson and he REALLY enjoyed it . I set it up and put the balls in the middle tent and he would throw them out of the holes to the dog , and the dog would return them to him through the tunnels . They both really enjoyed the toy and were fun to watch . He was also just the right height for the basketball net . I would buy this item again , the only complaint I had was that he learned really quickly that if he leaned against the wall he could topple the whole thing on it 's side . I wish there were some kind of anchoring system . Fortunately , no one gets hurt if the whole thing topples over . I love the portability of the system and can see him taking it to the beach and to grandparent 's houses easily . I highly recommend this item for someone that has a child that likes to climb and play ON things instead of with them .
 My 1-year-old loves this tent.He goes and sits in the ball pit portion throughout the day . He 's always loved tunnels so this is a perfect set for him . His older cousins came over and started playing in it and kept knocking it down , so it is a bit flimsy but I doubt it was made for rough play . Again , perfect for my one-year-old who crawls through and sits calmly . Not so perfect for older kids who play rough .
 This play hut , which is more like a play fortress or something , is awesome . It was a little bigger than I expected ... about the size of my entire chaise sectional , but that 's ok because my two boys are going to be using it at the same time . Hopefully that might lessen the amount of tiffs they have over which section belongs to whom . I have other play hut items and they are all easy to assemble/dessemble , extremely fun , and durable . We also have the basketball/skeeball hut and not only do they like throwing and rolling the balls but they also like to get inside of it , sit on it , draag it around , and somehow even get under it . I can imagine many times where my kids are wearing the different parts of this new play hut rather than crawling or playing inside of it . What do I know though ? Kids will be kids . They have n't yet played with it since it 's a Christmas gift from Santa , so I can not precisely rate the fun but I assume it will be a 5 based on the other products we have . I rated it a middle of the road three for education because I believe they will learn something while they use this ... even if it 's as abstract as improved imaginary capabilities or maybe , just maybe , how to share and work together :-RRB- Enjoy !
 My 1 year old twins love chasing each other in this thing . I do n't have all the pieces set up as it 's HUGE and takes up most of the room ! We will add on though as the boys grow . They love to sit and play in the tallest tent with the balls - it has a thin vynil bottom that contains the balls inside . They love playing peekaboo . So cute.The only down side to this is it 's super light -LRB- falls over easy , so we have to supervise -RRB- , and the littler tents do n't have the floor bottoms -LRB- i.e. the same vynil lining as the tall tent -RRB- . Overall , a great toy .
 My 16-month old daughter loves these tents and tunnels . She spends hours in them playing peek-a-boo and moving her toys from one tent to another . Another great aspect of the toy is that it folds up flat and easily . We just took a few of the tents on vacation with us because none of our daughter 's other toys would fit in her suitcase . The only thing that concerns me about them is their quality . The stitching is already coming loose at one of the seams . Overall though , the positive aspects of this toy far outweigh the negative aspects .
 We purchased this for a birthday party and even the 5th grader played in it . There are not enough balls to use as a ball pit but they can be used for basketball on the outside . Great value at this price !
 My son just loves it ! Fill it with balls and they will have a lot of fun . You can attach tunnels and smaller tents and you will get a great structure .
 My 15 month old enjoys playing in her play tent a little , mostly just crawling through it right now . I think when she gets a little older , she 'll enjoy it more . My only complaint about the tents are the velcro tabs that connect the tents to the tunnels and to each other . When you get kids tugging on this very light tent , the tabls can tear . It would be very nice if they made them to connect with zippers .
 I bought this for my son 's 2nd birthday . He likes it a lot , especially the balls that came with it . The colors are not what is pictured . His playroom is primary colors , red , blue , green & yellow . I was thrilled when I saw the picture that it would work well in his playroom . What I recvd was purple , orange , aqua green and yellow . I was disappointed . The customer/consumer pictures are what you actually receive not those posted on the Toys R Us site . The product overall is easy to put up and seems durable and my 2 year old loves the tunnels and tent . It large so make sure you have plenty of room or only put up a portion of it .
 My two boys love the Mega Land Play tent , it provides great exploration for a good hide and seak game . It set 's up very easy , and folds up into it 's case , so we can bring it to grandmas , and on vacations ! The Mega Land Play Tent does take up some room , so make sure you have plenty of space , or you could even make two tents out of the one . I recommend purchasing extra play balls , the ones it comes with are pretty small.But our family loves Mega Land .
 This playset is the GREATEST toy EVERY child from 1-7 ! should have !! Even older kids can enjoy cause i got this for my 3 year old cousin and her 12 year old sister enjoys it as well !! Its so fun ! and makes the BEST gift to put a smile on ANYONE 'S face .
 The one thing I did not like about this was breaking the product down . It requires parents how to figure out how to twist them into little circles when your kids are done playing with it . My kids love it , so do I until it 's time to be put up .
 This toy has been well used ! It seems sturdy -LRB- has n't fallen apart or ripped yet -RRB- . It can be setup almost any way you want and provides hours of fun.The only problem I have with it is it is HUGE , it takes up half the room if you set the whole thing up !
 I purchased this item for my 9 month old daughter expecting her to use it in a few months when the rains came . My husband set it up as soon as it arrived and she crawled right into it ! She loves the ` ball room ' and for us to chase her into the tunnels . The seperate pieces make it easy to change design ; however , we still can not get them folded down to their original shape trying again and again as the instructions show and indicate - we now just slide them under our couch and viola ` they disappear until next time !
 We have a very large basement that serves as a playroom for my 3 year old B/G twins , and my 8 month old B/B twins , and as an office for my husband . We have MANY things down there , a doll care center , toy strollers , cheap trikes/ride-ons -LRB- the ones that arent good for outside -RRB- a log cabin playhouse , tables a t.v , a LARGE closet and a wall unit . WEll this tent is GREAT . It has alot of activities -LRB- and we bought the 100 pack of balls , and an extra one too ! -RRB- . My kids love to hide in it and crawl through it . We love it because unlike the log cabin , this can be easily stored away in the walk in closet . My kids like to read in it and I think it serves a much different purpose than the house , this is more of a hiding feature , and tents and my kids love to pretend that they are in teh jungle and that the log canin is there home but they have to get through this set first . Its very cute and I would tell anyparent to buy one simply because kids love it , and its easy to store . Even if you dont have a large playroom , you can open this up in your living room , and take it down when they are done playing , its really easy ! Thats what we do all the time ! I also like that you can purchase cheep extentions to make a MONSTER tent -LRB- when the basement is cleared and we have children company , thats a big crowd pleaser ! -RRB- even my eight month olds love it ! BUY IT , ITS GREAT
 Santa gave the Playhut Megaland to my 20 month old for Christmas . It has become far and away the most played-with toy in our house , by both her and my 4 year old . The toy is VERY large , so we put everything but the ball pit in the basement . We started out with the ball pit down there as well , but after hearing `` more balls '' from my youngest about 500 times a day , we decided to move it upstairs . The two of them like to turn it on its side and pretend it is a boat or spaceship or house the big bad wolf is trying to blow down -- I 'm sure you get the idea . I agree with the other reviewers that the ballpit is too shallow . We bought 100 extra balls , so they do n't stay in at all . I make a game of dropping them back in on the girls , and even that is fun . I do n't think the shallowness of the ballpit is necessarily a design flaw , though , because if the lip came up higher my kids would trip over it constantly . I would HIGHLY recommend this toy . It is the first thing my daughter thinks about in the morning and the last thing she wants to do before she goes to bed at night !
 WE just got this for our 21 month son and he LOVES it ! My sister put it together so easily . And it stores very very small . He loves running in and out of it and crawling thru the tunnels . And the fact you can add to it is awesome . This was a great buy and the cheapest price by far on line !
 I bought this for my daughter when she was only 13 months old . Family was surprised that she seemed to enjoy it at such a young age but she really did . She loves to go `` hide '' in the tents . Now that she is 21 months she still enjoyes the tents and the easy up easy down set up is so convienant ! I would totally recommend this product !
 I purchased this product for my 1-yr old daughter 's birthday because she loves to crawl under and through anything . She loves this , too . My 3 sons -LRB- 3 , 7 , 12 -RRB- love it , too , even though the 7 and 12 are a little too big . Set up was very easy , although I have not tried to take it down . It is a little flimsy at the connection points , but not enough that I would n't recommend it . I would get more pieces to connect if I had a larger space !
 I bought this for my 15-month old son , and when I opened it up and started setting it up , it was as if the gates of heaven itself had opened . He lost his mind ! Now he practically lives in his man-cave . I am still trying to teach him that you can not lean on the walls , because they collapse -LRB- as they should -RRB- . But , he just loves to crawl through the tunnels and throw the balls out of the holes in the main chamber.The downside of this is a -RRB- the low number of balls as stated in many reviews , and b -RRB- I wish the tunnel connections were better . You basically have 3 Velcro straps to connect each tunnel to each chamber . They work , but they do not really seal the tunnel to the chamber , so balls slip out and my son tried to crawl through the very small gap -LRB- unsuccessfully -RRB- . Also , the two smaller chambers have no bottoms to them , so balls come out very easily there as well.Overall , though , this is still mindblowing for the 15-month old , and I like the joy he gets from it . I would buy it again , even with these flaws .
 I have 3 kids , a 5yr old son and twin 2yr old daughters . Recently we went to visit my sister in Canada . She had just purchsed a small ball pit for her 4yr old son . It was a perfect toy for him , but not so great for four kids . They were fighting over it all weekend and we had to make them take turns , 2 at a time . When we got home our son nagged us for about a month to get him a ball pit , but we wanted something our girls could use too . After a few weeks of looking we found the Megaland . It has plenty of room for our kids and their friends , we have actually had 6 kids playing with it at one time . My son had a sleep over in there too . It takes a lot of abuse from our children and is still good as new . If you have more than 2 kids , I would tell you to get this instead of a smaller one . Also if your kids have lots of friends this is perfect . One more thing , if you do n't have a large room in your house , you might need to make this an outdoor toy . We have been using it on the back porch for now , but in the winter we plan to keep it folded up in the twin 's room when it is not in use .
 We received the Megaland playset as a gift for our child . It was easy to set up and connect all the parts and has been enjoyed quite a bit . Our concern was with the 50 included balls . After about 10 min of playtime , our childs hands and face were all sorts of colors -- FROM THE BALLS ! It appears that the color for each ball rubs off with normal use ! To make matters worse , the set is made in China and with all the concern about LEAD in the paints with other products , we ca n't help but be concerned about ink that rubs off on our childs hands and face . The balls were promptly thrown away .
 My 13month and 28 month old love this product . They spend hours playing in the balls and crawling through the tunnels and tents . It is however much better with an extra box of balls . It is wonderful to buy more add ons and build a whole city of tunnels . It also amuses older chilren 7 & 9 when they come to visit .
 Just recieved my daughters Mega Tent this morning and had a hard time getting her out of it for bedtime ! I have more balls on order and waiting to recieve , because it DOES need more to have the real `` ball room '' effect . .50 does n't cut it . My daughter is going to be 21 months and she 's having a ball with this . I even took the tents and separted them into different rooms and one outside since it is too big for our livingroom put all together . And I attached them all together in a straight line so it WOULD fit one of the rooms we have and it worked out fine . I only wish that the two smaller tents had the plastic lining on the flooring like the biggest one does , so she could n't crawl out from the bottom and get tangled in it when it tips over or the balls would n't escape if I put them in one of them . So much fun , I have n't been able to put it back in the bags they come with . . so I do n't know how hard it is to fold back up yet . . but the instructions look easy enough . Thanks !
 We bought the Megaland for our niece and she loved it . At night she put one of her favorite dolls in the `` ball room '' of the megaland and in the morning when she took the doll out of the balls the face of the doll was covered in blue marks . When you play with the blue balls the dye comes off and now her favorite doll is covered in blue ink that doesnt come off . We even tried acitone to get the ink off and that didnt even work.So word to the wise clean the balls and dry them before you put them in the ball room .
 This product is a ton of fun for the kids , HOWEVER , the balls that are included with the product have a dye on them that has rubbed off onto our carpet ... I now have blue circle stains on my family room carpet that I am still trying to remove .
 This Playhut is lots of FUN . We had bought the the Crawl & Play playhut after reading the review & found it not to have much to play with . We bought pit balls like they recomeended & they kept on rolling out the bottom because it was not enclosed . So we decided to by the megaland to go along with it . It was the best idea ever ! Our son LOVES it !! He is almost 2 & it is his ultimate favorite toy . He loves the basketball hoop & ball pit ! We have also made one of the rooms into a little bedroom w / a pillow & blanket . Our son & cat get in there and cuddle up together ! They both love it ! It was also great that we had both playsets because it has made us able to actually connect them all to make a circle . He has so much fun . The best playland we have gotten him , much better than blow up ones . Much more durable , & so much more practical ! You can pack it away in a flash so it does n't clutter up the house . Once you get it down it 's easy , at first it can be kinda tricky . It is n't the most durable thing I 've ever seen , but I think it will hold up for a while & for the fun we have had so far it has been well worth it ! My husband loves it to , because he can play w / our son in it too . A tight squeeze , but it works . They have a blast !! I completly recommend buying this product !
 OK ... I CA N'T REALY COMMENT ON THE DURABILITY because this will be a Holiday gift for my one year old . . So I stayed nutral ... but my husband and I were so excited to see it when it came that we took it out of the box and began to set it up ... . how many grown ups does it take to get this thing back in the little tiny bag it comes in ... I still ca n't do it . . Furthermore . . they make a notation on the box -LRB- AFTER using the portability as a selling tool that it should be stored OUT OF THE BAG AND FLAT !!!! well they reeled me in with the portability thing . . I learned my lesson ! Plus . . if you do buy this ... get EXTRA BALLS . . they do not give you nearly enough to even cover the bottom on the ball pit tent !
 I recently bought the megaland playhut for my son 's 4th birthday . He and my 2 year old played in it 3 times before the frame started poking out of the fabric . They did not play rough with it at all . Do not buy this toy !!! I like you read the reviews and saw some bad ones , but figured it was just a fluke of falling apart but it 's NOT !!
 This set is great for indoor play . My 20th month old son loves to lay on top of the balls and roll around . It is especially fun when he has friends come over the same age to play in it too . I did purchase the extra balls and believe you could get by with what comes with the set - as I find now they are all over my living room . But either way for the price it will provide countless hours of indoor entertainment .
 This tunnel of fun is enjoyed by my three children ... ages 10 , 8 and 2 . They all love it ! I hope u have room ! : -RRB-
 I ca n't tell you how much fun toddlers and young kids have crawling through this set of tents . They are made to be durable , are able to be connected together with Velcro tabs , and are easy to fold up , once you do it right the first time .
 My 1 year old son got this for Christmas and loves it . As others have mentioned , it is not sturdy but it does n't matter . He loves to sit in the ball pit part and throw balls out so I an throw them back in or tackle me . If it tips with him , it does n't matter as i pops back up with him . The amount of balls that comes with it is laughable , but it does n't take the place of a all pit anyways as it is very shallow . Overall , I am pleased with the product .
 Great for rainy days or parties and when you are done playing it folds up flat . I would suggest that you buy extra balls for the ball pit . I got a huge bag from second hand store for cheap and wiped each one down with lysol wipes .
 I had purchased a similar set for my 5th child 16 years ago . The fun she had playing in and around it along with the ability to fold the entire set down to fit into a small tote for storage in a closet was a major selling factor for me then and now . My son remembered the Playhut megaland his sister had as a child and asked me if they were still available . Needless to say , both he and his wife -LRB- who will be picking up those balls after hours of fun are spent in the ballpit -RRB- were delighted on Christmas morning when they found his daughter 's new Megaland set up and ready for hours of crawling through the tunnels and playtime in the ballpit . I 'm certain my granddaughter will enjoy her Megaland for years to come , just as her aunt -LRB- and daddy -RRB- did so long ago .
 I ordered Megaland as a gift for my grand-daughter who is two years old . I had a similar tent/tunnel for my four boys when they were younger and I remember how much they enjoyed playing in it , so I wanted to do the same for my granddaughter.The Megaland is well made , although I wish that the material was a little heavier . I love the fact that it is easy to assemble and disassemble and that it folds flat for easy storage and/or easy travelling.I would recommend this product to anyone who has young children.NaomiWashington state
 I bought this for my two young grandsons , ages 2 and 5 , but having read the reviews from others also ordered separately the 100 &#34; Phthalates Free &#34; balls to replace those that come with the Megaland structures . I also warned my daughter to watch for any breakage or splitting of material in case sharp framework becomes exposed -LRB- as mentioned in some reviews -RRB- After 6 + months of rough and tumble play , all remains well . The kids love playing in this , but really the size is more suited to the 2 year old . The boys love it and toss out the balls , use it for a fort or reading area and get lots of imaginative play with it , but their parents do n't love it quite as much because shoes and clothing and all sorts of things end up inside .
 My son has played with this toy most of the day since he got it . I had split it into two parts because of its size . He loves to play peek-a-boo behind the tunnel flaps and throw the balls . He is too small to use the basket yet , but he can throw the balls through the holes on the front of the ball pit . The only problem we 've had is that my son just recently started walking , and he tries to walk through the tunnels . He also tries to stand up in the ball pit -LRB- the vinyl floor is slippery -RRB- and lean on the walls -LRB- obviously not sturdy enough to hold him -RRB- . However , since this product is recommended for 3yrs and up , I certainly wo n't hold that against it . All in all , for the price , I am glad we bought it , and my son loves it ! Of course , I think we could have put the balls in a box , and he 'd had as much fun ! LOL
 I have some mixed feelings about this item . I expected it to be a little bit different than it ended up being . First off from the pictures I expected the tunnels to be slightly longer than they are , guess it 's probably the angle of the pictures . You see older kids playing with it but these tunnels are pretty small . I got it for my 18 month old because she just gets a kick out of finding little hiding spots but even at her size the tunnels are offly small for her to fit in . Also I expected the tunnels to fit into the tents a little better . I did n't expect there to be such large holes and guess just expected a slightly tighter connection than there is.On the other hand I was very pleased with the overall size of the 5 pieces . I was worried it would be too big for me to really keep set up but there are many different ways you can set it up to keep it fairly compact . -LRB- guessing the smaller tunnels helped :P -RRB- Also I like that you can see in all 3 tents somewhere so your kid is not out of site completely . Also the tents either have an open top for easy access to them or an open bottom so you can just lift it up -LRB- in case of an emergency or something -RRB- I would recommend this product thought it was a very good deal and seems like it should last a while . And just a side note , 50 balls seems like a lot but it hardly even covers a 1/6th of the floor . I 'd recommend buying at least 50 more when you get this .
 I read plenty of reviews before making this purchase . Very pleased with the toy . Only the ball pit and the tunnels have a `` flooring '' part , the rest of the sections are open on the bottom . I wish this was n't the case because it makes playing on hard floor a little tough on the little one 's knees . I also wish that the attachments that keep the sections `` tied '' together -LRB- velcro straps -RRB- were a little more secure , but our 18 month has yet to been able to separate them so I guess they are good enough . Overall it was what I expected and we were very pleased with the toy . It is a bit of difficult to learn to fold the toy to store away . Directions are very unclear . But once you get the hang of it you can do it very quickly and the toy folds down to save plenty of space .
 Came in a -LRB- relatively -RRB- small package . On opening it found separate collapsible pieces that joined together to make a quite large playarea . As another reviewer had pointed out there are too few balls . Still it is a good buy . My son loves it .
 We bought this for my son 's first birthday and he and his friends enjoy it . The tubes are short enough that they do n't `` get lost '' or scared and the rooms are fun to bring toys into and play . The ball pit only comes with 50 balls so I definitely recommend buying more . The mesh and holes in the ball pit wall make it fun to play with on both sides and the little basketball hoop is adorable.My only real complaint is the fabric/stitching . The ball pit has higher walls to keep the balls in , but after crawling through the connector tunnels a few times , one of our walls is coming undone . It 's still functional , but the balls tumble into the tunnel . Overall not a bad product , especially at such a reasonable price . This playland takes up a good part of my son 's toy room and he loves hiding in it .
 Only two little issues with this toy .1 . You are gon na want more balls . seriously ... order them when you order this product . The balls that come with it are simply not enough . We got a hundred more for a really good price and it made all the difference .2 . The basket ball hoop came right off in my sons hands . It was n't sewn on very well to begin with I guess.Other than that , the seams are holding up well and my two year old loves his tent ! I absolutely recomend this toy ! Great for rainy day fun or for when it is way too hot outside !
 This toy was a big hit at my son 's birthday party and my son still loves to play with these tents as well .
 I bought this toy for my daughters first birthday , and she absolutely loves it . We had to buy extra balls for the ball pit , but others than that it has been awesome .
 The seams start to pull away and create holes after use since it 's made out of simple nylon . Ripstop might have helped . No fixing it though because it 's in stretched areas which is the whole thing on this pop up . Also will need to buy more balls does n't come with enough . Kids love it but do n't see it lasting long just is n't durable enough . Owned for 6 months so far one toddler and friends using it .
 We bought this along with the Playhut Magic Ball Zone for our daughter 's first birthday party . It was a big hit with the kids . Easy to set up and attach the pieces . We got 100 extra balls for the ball pit so there were plenty to play with . Only a couple design flaws but nothing that would prevent me from buying it . There 's no way to stake it down to the yard . We had to wrap bricks in towels and put them inside . The mini huts on each side do not have floors in them which I thought was a little cheap to leave out . These are great though and will be fun all summer long for the kid and friends .
 I 'm puzzled by some of the other reviews ... my child 's experience with the egg sorter is completely different from those who report difficulty and frustration . A friend of mine gave it to my son when he was 2 , and indicated that it was her daughter 's favorite toy . My son found it equally entertaining . When other toys were cast aside permanently , it was one that he would go back to . Visiting friends were always attracted to it as well . When he at last outgrew it , I kept it in the very small collection of sure winners for visitors and potential grandchildren . Yes , there is a right way to put each egg together , and a right way to fit the egg in to the crate , but it is designed to promote pattern recognition and build dexterity . Challenge is good ! I agree the handle is flimsy but it has n't been a problem in the 13 years that we 've had ours . Of course it only got daily use for about 2 years . I 'm now buying another set for nephews who want their own !
 My granddaughter , age 13 months , loves this toy . It did n't take her long to figure out what to do with the shape sorter -- big Easter hit .
 We had these eggs 30 years ago when my children were babies , and I was so happy to see that they are still available for my grandchildren to play with . Perfect for kitchen play , these span a wide age range .
 The squeaky egg set comes apart instantly , the eggs are very shallow . These eggs are bigger , stay together longer , there are actual shapes that matter . The squeaky ones have a shape only on the bottom of the carton which is just annoying . More to do with these eggs , and we have chickens so good play eggs are important !
 My son just loves these eggs ! I really like that he has to match up a shape and a color to get the eggs put back together . One thing that I do n't like about other shape sorters is that kids can shove the wrong shape through different holes and then you completely miss the point . With this sorter , the only option is the RIGHT SHAPE ! Otherwise , the eggs just wo n't fit together . Great idea !
 I bought this for my 2 year old son to go in his play kitchen - i thought the extra educational value of the shapes and colors , also practicing his dexterity would be a great plus . I was also looking for a set with a carton that would be durable and last -LRB- plastic not the cardboard kind -RRB- . With these expectations I am very satisfied with this purchase . The carton is a little plain but cute and should hold up over time , even the little tab that keeps it closed . The egs each have a different shape and color on the inside , they all come apart easily but stay together pretty well too , my son is able to do them all and gets lots of enjoyment from doing it himself , in fact no one but him can touch these eggs ! He also has fun taking them out and putting them back in the case.one reviewer said if you put the fat side down it will get really stuck , I 've tried it and found it does get tight and does fit better skinny side down but we have n't had a problem of them getting stuck yet . I gave four instead of five stars because the quality could be a little better , but I think it will last many many years . I would recommend this to anyone with a play kitchen and looking for fun food to go in it , or if your looking for the educational value this is a great little toy also .
 I love this product and my 3 yr old has enjoyed playing with it . However , the case is difficult to open , even for me ! my daughter will get frustrated and pass over this toy because of that .
 My girls love this . It looks great in their little play kitchen and it is educational as well . I tried to reduce the poor quality plastic kitchen toys and use good quality products instead . The shapes are easy to put together & they look realistic .
 Great Toy . Lots of fun playing with the eggs and sorting them by shape and color . My 20 month old loves it ! Easy to carry , all packs up together , so there are no lost pieces . Simple and fascinating for little ones . Great buy !
 My Daughter loves them ... And I 'm sure she will play with them in a different way when she grows older . Very cute toy too .
 Great toy , well made , good for learning , bu c'mon , $ 20 + bucks is too much for this type of toy .
 A great multi-functional toy ... play a memory game or use with toy kitchen to pretend to cook , all the while working on colors and shapes . Closure latch is tricky for little ones , but I encourage mine to ask for help ... not a big enough deal to give a lower rating .
 My daughter informed me she needed eggs for her kitchen . I bought these simply because they opened ... but , she is going to go crazy when she realizes they are like a puzzle too . -LRB- she loves puzzle and to organize -RRB- Ca n't wait to giver her these for Christmas !
 I bought this for my 2 year old to help her learn her shapes . She loves it and it does a great job serving its purpose . A must have .
 my son has sensory integration disorder and learning disabilities -LRB- possible autism -RRB- he just turned two . He immediately took to this toy and it helps calm/soothe him a lot -LRB- he overwhelms and gets `` done '' easily -RRB- and loves when his teacher brings it so im buying it right now ! It teaches shapes , colors , matching , fine motor skills , scanning -LRB- which helps with reading down the road -RRB- id much rather have that then have some happy go lucky squeaking toy personally
 My 1 year old son really enjoys these eggs in his play kitchen . He matches them really well after only a few days , and they are also great for pretending . The only downside is that the box had a tiny piece of the corner break off and it is now sharp .
 This was one of my son 's favorite toys . Also , a lot of the children that would come over for play-dates loved this too ! I do think the box could be made a little bit better ... but it lasted a long time before one of the kids got too rough with it and the hinges broke . Either way , I think that it was worth ever penny for the amount of enjoyment the kids got out of it .
 Words can not discribe how much fun these toys are . They are so much fun I 've probablly purchased 60 of these toys . You could say I 'm kind of addicted to them . But these guys never get boring ! I can play with them for hours . One time I played at least half a day with these toys . They are so detailed . The art on them are amazing ! There so much fun to play with . Me and my younger brother play with them together . They are a great imaganation builder . So I would give them to kids maybe 8-13 year old kids . They are very cool !
 I am a collecter of great figures as well as just good figures . But these movie collection DBZ figures are some of my favorites . They are huge and the detail goes so small . These toys were really made with the collecter in mind . They are accurate and animated . They are perfect reproductions of our favorite characters . I have to say that the paint job done on these toys is amazing and impressive . The shading on this particular figure is perfect , especially on the blue suit . With the huge cases they come in , these figures are the perfect pieces for anyone 's collection , even if they are the only pieces in it . Do opt for this series . And enjoy !
 It is faster than you can run ! Hope your pool is large enough!It is a blast , did n't want to give it to my kid . Worth the money !
 Followed the instructions and charged the battery for about 2 hours or so . The boat ran really well and pretty much flew . Our pool is 35x17 feet so there 's a lot of quick turns . This will probably run well on a lake . We wanted to get some pool usage during the cold weather and this is a great alternative for our daughter . I 'll bet getting another one so playmates -LRB- like Dad and Mom -RRB- can have fun as well ; - -RRB-
 Very fun and durable boat . It 's hilarious watchingA 9 inch boat go 15 mph ! Definitely recommendedAs a first starter boat .
 This is one of the funnest toys I have ever purchased , or even seen , for that matter , and that 's saying a lot . Within half-an-hour of having purchased the 20Q , my 46 year old parents had already played it about five times , and it did n't stop there ! By the questions it asks , I do n't know for the life of me how it comes up with its answers , it is truly unbelievable ! Even if I answer `` Unknown '' and `` Sometimes '' half the time , it will still get my answer corecct - how , I do n't know . I would highly reccomend this to people of all ages , whether you 're 10 , or 50 , you will have a blast with Radica 's 20Q .
 My entire family is addicted to this toy !! It can literally read your mind !! A great family game -- I highly recommend it for kids of all ages . Very compact and easy to carry with you . Lots of fun and full of surprises !
 Lots of fun for the whole family .
 AMAZING
 The only thing I ding it with is it is missing the back button to back up to the last question you answered . The deluxe has it so if you want to pay big bucks to be able to go back or you can just take a second to think about it . EX
 We purchased this as a gift for a seven year old grandson . His mother reports that it has helped to positively channel the interactions between him and his two older brothers while traveling in their minivan .
 I BOUGHT THIS GAME ABOUT A MONTH AGO , AND I CANT STOP PLAYING WITH IT . IT 'S AWESOME.IT BEATS ME 8 OUT OF 10 TIMES . ITS AMAZING HOW IT KNOWS WHAT YOUR THINKING . I HIGHLY RECCOMEND THIS GAME TO PEOPLE OF ALL AGES.I WILL BE BUYING ALOT OF THESE GAMES FOR XMAS GIFTS.I ALREADY ORDERED MYSELF THE NEW ONE THATS COMING OUT IN AUGUST TO TAKE TO PARTYS.BUY THIS GAME , YOU WILL ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT .
 I first found this toy at work while putting out product -LRB- Target -RRB- and instantly became addicted ... everyone else who tried it got addicted , too . It 's definitely something everyone should own , especially if you have to sit around places passing time a lot -LRB- airports , dr 's office , etc -RRB-
 This is a fun and challenging game . It challenges you to consider your answers and amazes you with the -LRB- often -RRB- correct answers .
 Santa gave this to our 8 yr old daughter in her stocking for Christmas . However , after I continually played with it all Christmas Day my husband had to get one for me ! The new one is the large print version which is a rectangle - approx . 6 in . long . Additionally , the large print has other answer options - rarely , sometimes . Some very obscure items it has guessed are
 It is amazing and very interesting . Walk into a room with 20 Questions and all ready people are asking ? `` What is it ? '' . Then when they find out it occupies everys attention for hours . Each person wants to see if they can come up with something 20 Questions ca n't figure out . It is amazing .
 Excellent toy for kids and adults .
 Everyone that has picked it up to play have been amazed at the answers . It is great fun at a party or with the grandchildren .
 This game amazes even the adults who play it . We bought one for everyone in our family !
 I bought this game as a Christmas gift for my 8 year old daughter . Both of us just love it . It 's amazing !
 This toy is really fun and smart ! There are 4 catagories that the item you choose for it to guess can be
 Okay , so I got it for my 9 yr old . UPS delivers it , I open the box , and for the next hour I 'm busy with this thing ! It was so much freaking fun ! I 'm making this thing guess all kinds of wacky stuff -- which it handles with aplomb ! It was even steady when I gave it NC17 kinds of stuff to guess . Of course , it did n't guess everything , but it was a load of fun . I showed it to the wife later that day and she played with it for half an hour.And did I mention that the kid freaking loves it ? She freaking loves it ! She takes it in the car with her on the way to school and she and her sister have a ball with this thing . It 's a great toy .
 My whole family loves this game - its amazing .
 My daughter loved this toy and every adult that picked it up . I think it is great entertainment and a big coversation piece .
 20Q is a great toy to get people to interact with each other . I gave it to my mother-in-law for her birthday because I took mine to her house over Christmas , and she and her husband kept playing it with each other over and over again !
 With all the reviews already written about this toy , I 'll just report that it 's a blast to play with for adults and kids . And , it 's addictive . I purchased one as a gift , ended up having to buy another because we did n't want to give it away , and ended up buying yet another one . That 's how much fun it is.No magic ... not one of those 8-balls that tells your fortune . . Radica 200 Artificial Intelligence Game is just able to use the same kind of reasoning that made Nancy Drew America 's most popular , spunky little detective!Love it !
 I recently puchased 2 20 question games from amazon , I want to say the the shipping was very fast . these were christmas presents but I occasionally play the game 20 questions . I have found it to be amazing . I cant believe that the little ball I would say 99 per cent of the time gets the answer correct . It just amazes me . I love it . .
 I bought this product as an extra gift for my 6 year old granddaughter . It encourages her to read the questions , which helps improve reading skills . Not only did she enjoy playing with 20Q , but all the adults wanted to play with it too . They were amazed at how good the ball was at guessing the answer.Because of all the fun we shared with 20Q , one of the adults in our party bought one for his grandchildren .
 Both men who received the 20Q game have commented that it is surprising how many times it correctly guesses the answer . It is possible to confuse 20Q , but when questions are answered honestly , you will lose the majority of the time . This game is addictive .
 WOW this toy is so good its scary ! Amazing ! buy one and see for your self
 I bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas . When it arrived all of the adults had to try it . Bad mistake ! It was slightly ` used ' by the time I got it wrapped . This gadget is suppose to tell you what you are thinking . It asked you questions like it is an animal ? I have to say it guessed mine every single time , but not my husbands . He fooled it over and over again.He was proud ! Personally I think he cheated but I ca n't prove it ! I have a feeling the little gadget does n't like him . I guess it is kind of creepy but it 's fun and will definitely keep kids and adults busy for hours . I liked it and think it is a good gift as long as the children understand there is no magical being behind it , just deduction .
 I bought this toy for myself , and I am 40 + years old . I find it absolutely amazing for the most part . I tend to stump it about 30 % of the time . Something as simple as a chair it did n't get , but something as specific as a chihuahua it DID get . I find myself picking it up many times throughout the day trying to stump it . I have n't tired of it yet , and I 'm still amazed by it . When I get tired of it I will pass it on my to my 7 year old neice . She 'll have a blast playing with it by herself and with her friends . The screen is easy to read if you use the backlight with it , although I do n't know how that will affect the battery life . I would recommend this toy .
 I bought one of these for my son several years ago -LRB- when they were a lot more expensive -RRB- . Everyone in the family was absolutely amazed by it . Our family sometimes played 20 questions -LRB- without the help of a computerized device -RRB- every so often as a family activity . We found the Radica game to be far better at guessing the right answer than we humans . For a small and inexpensive device , the electronic intellegence is incredible . It 's very hard to confuse it ! I bought three more this year to give out to other people for Christmas . My son 's is still going strong - after two years of lots of use - and we 've never even replaced the battery ! BUY THIS TOY ! It 's good for adults too !
 This little toy is a fantastic and engaging devise for both young and old alike . It surprises and amazes us regularly . Well worth the money !! Excellent stocking stuffer for the holidays !
 I am 33 years old . I happened upon this toy at a local drug store . I started playing with it . I could not put it down after it figured out I was thinking of a door . I took it to work and immediately my co-workers started gathering around me and asking to play . By lunch time SEVEN of them had made the trip to the store and gotten their own ! We were all amazed because the questions seem to general . We gather around , one person thinks of an object or thing and does not tell anyone . Then another person starts asking the questions on the 20Q . This gives us all the chance to try and figure it out too ! We scored 0 % , 20Q scored 95 % . It just blew our mind ! I have n't put it down since . Forget our kids , we want this for ourselves !
 A whole bunch of us were stuck on a ship for months at a time , and this ball got us through many a long night . Regardless of what some of the guys thought , I can tell you :1 -RRB- It is not evil .2 -RRB- I could only stump it on `` toilet plunger '' , `` badger '' , `` necklace '' , `` hurricane '' and `` ball point pen '' . VERY few others were able to stump it .3 -RRB- The battery lasts about 20 hours of play time . Maybe longer . Thankfully it turns off by itself .4 -RRB- It got specific things like
 It gets almost everything you throw at it , and when it loses it usually is pretty close
 20Q is the kind of toy I wished I 'd when I was growing up . As the youngest kid in my family , games like `` 20 Questions '' on which 20Q is based , were too boring for my older siblings . Although , I finding myself semi-addicted to 20Q when I travel , I think that it 's too bad I could n't ever convince them to play back then . 20Q is really a blast from the past , and it makes you realize how much fun simple games can be . Forget XBox and all that , for slightly more than a cup of Starbuck 's coffee -LRB- and maybe less the way those prices are going -RRB- , you can entertain yourself for hours . I have to agree with another reviewer that says losing is more fun that winning . `` Scalpel '' has been the coolest thing that 20Q has guessed . I 've stumped it with both `` granola '' and `` cereal , '' which it seems convinced ought to be `` popcorn , '' but when I stump it , I usually try to review my answers and see if I boneheaded one of my responses . It asks amazing questions from the basic `` is it bigger than a microwave '' to the rather complex `` is it comforting . '' With 4 buttons and a simple dot matrix screen , it is amazing how complex and rewarding playing can be . A great stocking stuffer , it is worth getting at least one to pass around instead of rewatching those holiday movie reruns .
 20Q is a fun game for kids and adults alike . It is small and portable , so you can play it almost anywhere ! I got one for my birthday and loved it right away . I dropped it once and it did not work intill I pressed reset and then it was fine . If you see them at any stores you should get many , as they are great as gifts . Have fun !
 I 'm skeptical as hell when it comes to products such as these that sound too good to be true . For a mere $ 10 , how many people would n't take this low investment plunge ? We all know the scams in the commercials where they only show when the product actually works . Everything else is cut out . Well , rather than become a lemming & regret my foresight by actually purchasing this perceived scam , I pulled one off of the rack & Target & played a game of 20 questions . By the time I pushed the cart into the baby isle , it guessed `` Shopping Cart . '' Hmmm ... It was right ... Let 's try to be a bit sneaky here ... I thought of an `` object '' of a sensual nature . It guessed `` Fetish '' . I guess it has a censored vocabulary but needless to say , it was definitely on the right track . When it 's wrong though , boy is it wrong . My mother in law thought of a TV & its guess was `` Corpse . '' Kind of freaked her out to the point where she did n't want to play with it anymore . Regardless , it 's only $ -LSB- ... -RSB- & a surprisingly accurate & fun little toy . I 'm sure a ton of people out there are avoiding this thing like the plague saying it has `` powers of the Ouija '' but it 's nothing but a mini computer that can deduce it 's answers based on ACCURATE responses to the questions . It 's no magic 8 ball but it 's bound to become a cult classic .
 This is the funnest toy we 've come across in a long time . Yes , it really belongs to our 9 year old , but we parents hog it most of the time . The `` ball '' asks you 20 questions in an effort to know what common object you are thinking of . This thing is so smart it is scary . I think its `` batting average '' is about 80 % . It guessed such esoteric objects as celery and coffee bean . It 's amazing how close it gets on the few it gets wrong . Each turn takes about 3 minutes , so it moves quickly and everybody will want a turn . Laurie in Utah
 The first time I saw one of these , someone had brought it to the hospital where my nephew was having surgery . It kept countless family members and friends occupied for hours in the waiting room . The only problem was that we only had one , and everybody wanted a turn at trying to stump it - very few of us did . When we got home , my daughter just had to get one of her own .
 We are not from USA , in fact , we do n't speak english as a birth language . So my son , that it 's learning english , can play with this toy while learning new vocabulary and improve his grammar . He really likes it . He says `` Buy it ! '' to all of you .
 O.k. when I first got this I honestly thought how could this tiny thing read your mind . Well I was way wrong beacause this thing can sure read your mind and I GUARANTEE you this toy you will totally love beacause you will be having sooooo much fun with this tiny toy ! Also , this is n't just an kid toy my parents liked it just as much as me !!! I hope this reveiw helped you and remember if you 're looking for a cheap , inexpensive toy buy this now !!!
 My son purchased the game . He is 11 years old . He absolutely loves it , and so do I.
 pro 's : great fun , portable.con 's
 My kid loved this toy . She spent hours on end trying different scenarios . She even takes it with her on the Airplane for trips . I was a little frustrated the first couple times , but it was still fun and entertaining to see the ball beat you .
 In my opinion , the best toys are those that educate as well as entertain , do n't come with a lot of detachable parts that will just get lost or chewed up by the dog , and are small enough and durable enough to travel with . This meets all the criteria , and it 's entertaining for adults as well as kids .
 My little brother got this for his birthday and we played with it on Christmas -LRB- his bday is in October -RRB- and this thing guesses the most abstract things ! We tried everything we could to stump it but we could n't . It guessed fermeldahyde , sphincter , corpse , you name it , it guessed it . This thing really breaks the ice and livens things up . It 's an amazingly fun game , you will never regret buying it that 's for sure !
 This toy is the best !! Like I heard before it is a great conversation starter at parties , and my family loves it !! It can even guess things like air , ocean , lip stick , dimond ring , and hand !! I would definetly recommend this toy to kids !! It can also get very addicting and you are always telling your self `` It could n't possibly guess this one '' , and '' Just one more '' ! You have to have a very accurate answer when it comes to questions , or it might guess something else though !!! Over all this toy is great for both parents , and kids , and I definetly recommend it !!
 This is a great gift , a great toy . I am amazed by it , and so is everyone whom I have showed it to . It 's great !
 This magic ball uses simple algorithms and Artifical Intellegence . It is built to last and can be dropped accidentally with no damage . Adult will love it as well as it will predict questions that only a College or above graduate would only know .
 When I first saw this toy I did n't think I would like it until I tried it . It is fun !! It 's a good fun game for adults . It 's funny the things you can come up with and most of the time this game is right !! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My daughter bought this toy from Target and brought it home . We were playing with it in the living room , and after it guessed three of the items I was thinking of , I was addicted . Ive been borrowing it and bringing it to work . This is the perfect party toy to leave out on the coffee table . We have played with this on the subway and people just crack up because 9 out of 10 times it is correct . Totally amazing and neat gizmo for adults and kids . I have decided to buy myself one now , and this will be a cool little present for christmas for everyone .
 I got this toy , and I think it is like magic ! It KNOWS what you are thinking of ! It is like a little mind reader ! Here is how it works
 I bought this little gadget after I saw a friend with it a couple years ago . We sat around the fire outside and played with this thing for hours , with many people trying to stump it . As I 've read from another reviewer , it CAN be stumped if you come up with something totally obscure , but it usually guesses right . Or at least in the general ballpark!I 've had this for two years now and it is still working like a charm . I have n't had to worry about the batteries either ! Whenever I know that there are going to be a bunch of people at a gathering I 'm going to , I will toss it in my purse and take it with me . It 's always a lot of fun to watch people try to stump the little genie .
 20Q Artificial Intelligence GameMuch like everyone else at the time , the 20Q craze consumed me . I played with it a few times at the store and eventually decided that it was one of the most enjoyable games I have ever played . The game is so simplistic , you can pick it up and play it without much thought.The idea of the game is a normal game of 20 questions . You think of an item and the game will ask you 20 questions to try and figure out what you are thinking . If you stump it until that point , you will be asked a few more questions . If the game still guesses incorrectly , you have slain this dragon . It is not easy though . This game will beat you almost every time . Only if you think of something off the wall will you defeat it.The is quite durable , making it safe for clumsy kids . The design is perfect and can fit right in your hand . Sounds can be turned on and off . The battery life is designed to last for years . The screen , which is a bright red , is very easy to see and read . There are only four answer choices
 This toy is amazing . As long as you do n't enter too many `` Do n't Knows '' , it guesses accurately every time . What 's most amazing , is that you do n't put specific information in , but it still can guess your answer . Just remember that everything must be mineral , vegetable or animal . Too many I do n't knows will result in the wrong answer .
 My sister has a 20 Q and she let me play it while my mom , dad , and I where bringing my sister back to college . I loved it so much I NEVER set it down -LRB- until we had to leave -RRB- even when we were geting groceries for my sister . Now I REALY WANT ONE too . It 's SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO COOL !!!!!!!! I would totally recomend this to anyone looking to buy one .
 This toy is great fun to play with a few times then you get board with it . But after a few days break you can play again and its the same fun all over .
 I bought this for my daughter who had mentioned her friend had one and it was a lot of fun . She was immediately fascinated with it . I am considering getting her another different one from the same place . Lets just say anything that keeps one thinking is good !
 We got our 10 year old this for Christmas . It has managed to amaze friends and family ever since . Luckily , someone else also bought her one for Christmas , so we have 2 in the house ! More often than not , both are in use.Great gift !
 This was a lot of fun to use , you just never know when you are going to `` beat it '' , if - of course you 're honest answering all the questions . I would recommend it for kids and adults , its durable and easy to take with you .
 This is the quintessential game for extended family get togethers . Each time we play it with someone new , they end up buying it for themselves . I thought of `` lemur '' on my first attempt to stump the game . It got it right ! I was so amazed.I could do without some of the cutesy phrases it throws out in between questions . I mean , after 25 questions , I know it 's going to guess again . It does not have to tell me that every single time ! Aside from that , it 's a fantastic game !
 This game is so cool . It really figures out what you 're thinking . It 's a great gift for that someone who has everything .
 I bought this as a gift for a family christmas party for my son , and before I wrapped it I had my 15 year old daughter tried it out to see how it worked . Well let me tell you she didnt want to give it up so I could wrap it . She had so much fun with it and wanted to bring it to school to play with her friends . Well at the party after the child opened this up he started playing with it I went over to him and I said do you like playing this game and he said yes its awsome !!!! I asked him if the game was winning or him and he said he the game has been right 3 times out of 4 . Great game to keep a child entertained .
 Bought this as a gift for my 7 yr old nephew , but since the packaging allowed us to try it out , my husband and I and our 5 yr old daughter tried it out first . We really had fun with it . It did manage to guess our `` thing '' most of the time . I think it is good for developing readers , too , since the words scroll slowly across . Thumbs up from us .
 This is the most mindboggling game that we have ever played . We finally got to the point that we thought Radica could actually hear what object we were thinking of so started to write it down . I bought some to give to both adults and kids age 10 thru 22 . Would recommend this to anyone .
 Whether you 're young or old , this item will intrigue you . It 's a great party `` toy '' for kids and adults alike . It astounds EVERYONE !
 This game is so much fun , especially since you can enjoy it playing alone or with others . For me it guesses nearly everything I throw at it . For my 12 year old it guesses maybe 75 % . For my 9 year old it is more difficult , but still fun . It really depends on what it is she is trying to have it guess . Any household object , domestic animal or sports related object it will guess , but she has a harder time when it comes to wild animals and some other more obscure objects . She still has fun with it , and tends to ask others to help her with some questions she does not know the answers too . This helps her learn.One other thing I like about it is its size . It is so small that you can take it anywhere .
 This is a great toy that keeps my eight year old occupied . It can also be frighteningly accurate in it 's guesses . Great fun on car trips .
 i bought this thing for my 11 year old grandson . it was so much fun that i played with it more than he did . really entertaining for the price .
 This game is great fun for a kid , friends and parents alike.Can be used during quiet family time or noisy party time !
 This is a very good version of 20 Q with a vast data bank . The only problem I can find is that it ca n't guess itself as the thing you 're thinking of ! You can set sound on/off -LRB- just beeps -RRB- ; answer yes , no , sometimes , or unknown ; and the set speed of the scrolling . When it asks you what type of thing it is , things that are normally vegetable -LRB- like `` chair '' if it 's made from wood , `` paper '' , `` maple syrup '' -RRB- fall under the `` other '' category . `` Vegetable '' only holds vegetables -LRB- parsley , spinach ... -RRB- .
 I was sent this toy in a care package when I was downrange in Iraq . My friends and I at first thought it was some stupid game but its very addicting . This game I would say 97 % of the time will guess what you are thinking ! I thought I was going to stump it with dwarf but it guess midget so pretty much the same thing . Then I thought of weed and it said Marijuana . This thing is amazing ! I love it !
 AMAZING !! You would n't think a toy could outguess you but it does !! I 've beaten it a few times but I think it is only because of my interpretation of the questions . It usually wins second time around .
 My daughter -LRB- 11 -RRB- got this at an office Christmas Party - had n't heard of it before . It is a LOT of fun . We tried a good range of words - cloud , soccer ball , sofa , star , mailbox , snowmobile , many others , even tried the game itself -LRB- that was fun -RRB- . It rarely misses , & it works in a way that you usually are completely surprised by when it will make its guess , which adds a lot to the fun of the game . You should n't get carried away & make the object very specific - certain species of fish , for example , but it 's more fun to try to come up with common objects/animals & then watch the thing go to work . The educational part I think is watching how deductive reasoning can allow you to solve a problem perhaps . It 's fun to try to tell which question allowed the machine to find the answer , & to guess when it is getting close to solving the thing . Also , I think it makes kids more aware of the characteristics of everyday objects & animals . A lot of family fun in a small package !
 I skipped all the same descriptions that have already been mentioned over & over.THE BOTTOM LINE : This is a real fun game for anyone with a brain ... The batteries last a long , long time -LRB- 6 + mo -RRB- It 's pretty hard to stump , even for smart adults.Small enuf to take anywhere with you.Sound can be muted , so as not to disturb others.It can be played in the dark .2 negatives : It will break if dropped too hard.It 's sarcasm gets old after a little while . -LRB- Great @ 1st -RRB-
 This is a very entertaining gadget . It asks 20 questions which generally differ each time depending on your responses . `` Does it get wet ? '' `` Is it a common household item ? '' `` Do you hold it when you use it ? From this type of question it has guessed correctly that I was thinking of a window , a towel , a wall , a computer , etc. . I 'm usually surprised that it can guess correctly given the questions it asks . I got this as a gift from my father . It sat around for a long time before I was bored enough to try it . When I finally did , I liked it so much I bought several as gifts for people at work . Try it -- you 'll like it .
 Radica 's 20Q is among the most amazing and enjoyable gadgets I 've come across in quite a while . A handheld version of the website 20q . net -LRB- try q. 20q . net if you have trouble getting online -RRB- , this little doodad will ask you 20 questions to narrow down what you 're thinking of -LRB- if its first guess is wrong it will ask another five questions and take a final stab at it -RRB- . You can answer yes , no , sometimes , or unknown , and it pays to go with your first reaction to the question -LRB- Can it be used for recreation ? No ... well I guess somebody could , but not usually and they really ought n't ... so is that sometimes or unknown ? Hmmmm -RRB- . Its success rate is astounding . It 's not hard to baffle it if you pick something totally obscure , but I 've found it 's more fun to lose to the machine than to win . Among the disparate things it 's beat me on are
 This is quite possibly the best $ 10 I have ever spent -LRB- $ 10 at Target , so buy it there ! -RRB- I bought it on a whim and lost myself in it for hours . I then showed it to a bunch of teenagers at my church and they shrieked with delight at its ability to discern what you 're thinking . My son and I chose `` parachute , '' `` fart , '' `` Frisbee , '' `` telephone pole , '' `` chainsaw '' and `` bellybutton , '' to name just a few , and it guessed each one . WILD ! It 's actually no mind reader -- it merely uses the process of elimination to determine what word you 've chosen -- but nevertheless , it 's so cool and so fun . Its database is HUGE , so go ahead and try -- just TRY -- to stump it ! The only time it goes wrong is when it asks you questions that do n't help it out enough . For example , when we chose `` soldier , '' it guessed `` pirate '' and `` monster . '' LOL ! ONE SUGGESTION , Radica
 We take this to nearly every party we attend , figuring it 'll liven things up , if needed ... and ti works like a charm everytime , sparking conversations and amazed laughter.Lets face it - some parties rock , others are just plain dull . People click or they do n't , the food is so-so ... and you stand there , wondering WHEN you can poiitely leave . But with this toy , you have an automatic conversation starter and there are few people who do n't want to try and stump it -LRB- most wo n't succeed -RRB- . Lat time we used it at a rather staid gathering and before long , people were chattering away , hovering around this gizmo , offering suggestions , `` Try this word '' ... etc.Kids , of course , love it too ... when they get a chance at it .
 What an amazing little thing . When I realized I only paid $ 8.00 for the best toy under the tree , I felt a little foolish . It has n't been stuffed into a stocking yet but has been played over and over again . Not by my 12 year old son who I bought it for but by my 17 year old daughter , her friends , and I must admit , by me . The biggest fascination for me is wondering how they do it . The questions asked do n't seem to pertain to your item until the end when it guesses correctly . On 10 items , this baby guessed 9 correct in 20 questions and needed a few extra questions to guess the 10th . The bad part about this `` toy '' is I had to go out and buy more for some of the older kids on my list . Some being in their 20s I might add . It 's just too much fun . It 's so nice to see a 2006 Toy of The Year Award that actually earns the title and costs under $ 10.00 . You just ca n't beat it !
 20Q is very fun and extremely smart . You think of something for example an object , animal or thing . 20Q will then ask you twenty questions and try to guess what you were thinking of . Good luck trying to stump 20Q , you are seriously going to need it , just when I am thinking that It wont guess what I am thinking of it does ! If you are into handheld games and like the game of 20 questions than this game is for you!The game itself fits in the palm of your hand and comes in different colors . What is nice about this game is that you can change the speed that the questions scroll across the screen . Also , the questions are easily read in the dark . You also have the option of turning off the sound too . This game is great for just passing the time or in the car too !
 My father-in-law is an eccentric man who is very difficult to buy for . He has been disabled for sometime and was absolutely fascinated by the games on his cell phone . I was looking for something in that vein and thought this may do the trick . HE LOVES IT !!!! He very rarely stumps it and sometimes it makes him belly laugh . Even better is the side effect my mother-in-law gets -- occasional peace and quiet !! Greatest buy ever !!
 The people who gave this a bad review must have been selecting non-existant things . My husband and I tried this in the store after reading the reviews , picked an animal , and were shocked that it guessed . We immediately snatched up all they had and will be giving these as gifts to all our adult friends -LRB- over the age of 35 ! -RRB- . Granted , I 'm sure there 's a chance you can beat it ... but if beating out a $ 12 game is your goal in life , then select something else . We found this to be captivating and mesmerizing and , for the price , an excellent gift for anyone who likes `` techy gadgets . ''
 Not just for the kids ... this thing is smarter than you think . I keep it in my purse to play with while waiting for a table at a restaurant , or waiting anywhere , in the car , RV or at home . The only problem that we encountered was when the sun or light is shining right on it , it is hard to read the screen and sometimes the dots go out , but for the price , it can be easily ignored or replaced . We thought that we could trick it by answering `` NO '' to everything and seeing what it came up with ... and it answered `` Nothing ! '' That was the truth ! We did not think of anything . We then tried answering `` Yes '' to every question and it answered `` Everything '' . This thing is very surprisingly smart . It occasionally does not guess it correctly , but usually it is how the people are answering the questions that determine the outcome .
 This is a great device for the whole family , especially for the holidays . For those that have never seen or heard of one of these devices , it is incredibly fun . Radica has implanted the program into a very durable , sphere-like casing that has a very long-lasting battery life . The device is very simple and easy to use , but I did wish they offered the TV and Movie versions like they do online . And like always , you have to have a true understanding of what the object , or thing is , or the computer wo n't be able to guess properly.For a small taste of what this device can do , there is an online version , just google `` 20 Q '' and it should be one of the first options . This is a great stalking stuffer and will be a great conversation piece for years to come .
 I was totally caught off guard how amusing this toy was going to be . The first word I had it guess was brick , it had no problem getting that one . OK enough with the easy ones , I thought of diploma and 20 questions later it said I was thinking of diploma ... I was hooked ; even the way it asks questions is counterintuitive and makes you think it 's not going to get it correct.Well worth the money ...
 This is by far one of the most intriguing little products on the market . Upon first picking it up and knowing almost nothing about it , I assumed it would be easy to stump the wee machine . However , my mere human knowledge was outwitted easily by this small plastic contraption.The game works like a real game of `` twenty questions '' . The machine gets twenty questions to guess what you are thinking . And incredibly , it does so most of the time . It is an excellent conversation piece , fun to show off to family and friends , as some of the things it can guess are simply amazing . Great little product .
 Everyone in the family , ages 8-70 , loves to see if they can stump this machine . The younger kids -LRB- 12 and under -RRB- , will especially spend lots of time coming up with esoteric items that the machine tries to figure out using a `` 20 questions '' type format . The questions are very different from what you or I would normally ask , which makes it very surprising that it can almost always figure out the answer . What an amazing algorithm this inventor has written ! And considering the price , it delivers a lot of bang for the buck . I have ordered multiples of this item to keep on hand for birthday gifts , and it is always the hit of the party .
 This game is awesome because you can play alone or with other people . The first few times I played this game we all thought that it was a trick . Once you realize that it 's not a trick , it becomes even more amazing . The size of the game is perfect as well . It fits in your palm , purse , or pocket . It 's great for passing time wherever you are , and even on long drives in the car ! It has a backlight and a standby mode.I highly recommend this to everybody , all ages !
 I 've had this game for 4 days , and played probably 200 games already . It is so addicting . Even when the game guesses the wrong answer , it 's funny and interesting to see what it guesses . Would recommend this to anyone !
 I thought that this game would be useless after a while , and i thought it was very flimsy , but i guess i was wrong !! This cute handheld device is portable and keeps you entertained for hours ! It literally reads your brain . I thought it could hear us ! I always use it at parties and it keeps us entertained . Only one piece of advice
 My brother bought 20Q for my daughter for her 11th birthday . I love the fact that you actually have to read it , it 's not just a brainless game . I could n't believe it guess the things it guessed ! -LRB- Not just ` bird ' but ` turkey ' and ` cardinal ' ! -RRB- It got a little creepy after it guessed all the things I was thinking of ... ! I actually thought it had ears ! It has been stumped a couple of times though ... Over all a really cool toy for $ 10 - I 'm going to get one for my sister-in-law and her husband for Christmas - they 'll love it !
 We played this game for hours on a long car trip . We were amazed by how often the game won ... it even got `` kumquat . '' It is educational in that kids learn how to catagorize things into `` animal '' `` vegetable '' `` mineral '' and have to think critically to answer the questions . Its small size is ideal for traveling , even if you 're just running around town doing errands . A great conversation starter .
 This game is the coolest thing ever , you can practiclly think of anything and it will get it right .
 I couldnt stop playing with it in the store , its amazing!Going to give it to my kids for christmas , bought it early , because I am sure this will be a big seller.I will probally have to beg them to play with this .
 This toy is going to be so popular ! If your planning on buying the MIND READING GAME ... . buy it now !! The best game i have ever played !
 I went to a granddaughter 's birthday party today with my wife . The other grandparents were there , other people as well , kids and grownups both . Someone started playing with the Q20 and it passed from one person to another . One of my grandkids thought `` toilet '' and it guessed right away correctly . This is a great little novelty item . I see that it 's out of stock now at Amazon . Backorder it or snatch it up wherever you see it as a stockting stuffer .
 Wonderful toy.I played the game when it was on the Internet back 3 to 5 years ago . -LRB- and it 's back - -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- I would think of an object then go through the 20 questions several times using the same object to see what questions it would ask . Many times the start questions determine if my object will be quessed in 20 questions -LRB- + / -5 -RRB- . Great fun using your imagination thinking of out of the ordinary animals or objects then going through the questions .
 Its awesome . My parents were shocked at how much it gets right . I play it all the time . It does n't know its self though . i tried . so far it knowed giraffe , butterfly , french fry , playstation2 , computer . -LRB- i just got it the other day -RRB- its astounding ! wow ! BUY IT IF U WANT A GOOD TOY !
 This handheld game is AMAZING !!!! It 's so confusing about how it guesses almost EVERY TIME !!! it 's scary . I recomnend this for a boredom buster but not for a long trip .
 I bought this to entertain my nine year old during a family road trip we were taking this summer . It turned out our whole family had a blast with the toy as we played it like a team ! Our nine year old read the questions out loud to all of us . Our six year old got lots of practice at applying logic to the answers we gave the machine . And , my husband and I had the best time trying to stump the smart little toy ! It 's compact , quiet and easy to play . Fun for everyone at every age !
 It really does work ! I got this not from Amazon , but from another shop but it cost a bit more . But anyway , this thing is amazing ! I tried it with the most random things and it still got . Even if it did n't get it , it was still close ! It 's great fun for kids aged about 8-12 but it 's also great with adults ! My mum loved it !
 I got 20Q for a birthday present . It 's very small and it 's great for when your traveling . Pretty much you just think of anything anywhere and it asks you 20 questions about it . After , it usually guesses it right ! I 've played it 50 times and i 've only won probably 10 of the tries . I 'd reccommend everyone getting one , they 're very handy .
 When I tested this at the store , I was instantly convinced to bring it home and share with everyone in the family . Everyone was amazed , you can see very surprised facial expressions from most of them , and spooked expressions from others thinking it was possessed -LRB- reallly funny ! -RRB- . My Mom began referring to it as `` he '' instead of an `` it '' - - it 's a very smart little computer . It exactly guessed a carburator , urethra , star , it called love an `` emotion '' , rainbow and on and on . I would say it gets it right 99 % of the time . Highly recommend this .
 This is a really neat item , but just do n't expect it to keep your interest for days on end . My boss has one and we would play with it . I got tired of it guessing right so I said , `` ok , try and guess something like plutonium . '' The little thing kept asking different questions , none of which were anything related to a nuclear material and finally says `` were you thinking of plutonium ? '' Simple story , but it shows how cool and funny this can be .
 We bought this for our summer trip this summer to entertain the kids on a long plane ride . Everyone , including the adults , enjoyed trying to win against this little smart toy . We were baffled and amazed many times . This fills the time well .
 The 20Q is small self contained orb that fits comfortably in the palm of you hands . It runs on 2 AAA batteries . In the center is a red dot-matrix display for asking you questions and giving you the occassional wise-ass comment : - -RRB- It is the classic 20 Questions game in electronic form . This little gadget is really tough to beat ... and REALLY REALLY fun to play with !!!! Go here to read the complete review : http://www.rainydaymagazine.com/RDM2005/GearNGadgets/May2005/RDMGG_20Q.htm
 A fun , easy to use game that will keep you occupied for hours . A great gift idea or to use at your home/office , this machine asks 20 questions to narrow your choices and is also good for parties . Highly recommend .
 Not only will this game entertain kids , but adults love it too ! Great way to pass time in the car or on the airplane !
 I had never heard of this hand-held game before until my brother showed up with it this past Sunday . 20Q -LRB- meaning `` twenty questions '' -RRB- was apparently mentioned in a USA Today article , and it 's basically a game where you think of literally any object , and the computer asks you twenty very unique questions about the object . There are four answers you can give
 I bought a few of these to give as Christmas gifts and I think the adults had more fun with them than the kids.I have no idea how they manage to get it right so often but it amazes everyone all the time.Very well made and durable .
 How does it KNOW ?! This thing is unbelievable . The amazement factor in this game stems from it asking 20 extremely GENERAL questions , and then spitting back a very SPECIFIC answer.I agree with one of the other reviews that the attempts at humor through `` trash talking '' , as they put it , does get old rather quickly and there 's no way to turn it off exactly , but you can bypass each on an individual basis by just hitting the `` Yes '' button.Oddly enough , after it guesses wrong the first time , then asks 5 more questions , then guesses wrong a second time , a lot of times the second guess is even more way off than the first guess . Other times , it guesses right the second time.Some things that I thought of that it has correctly guessed
 With this small handheld game , you can think of almost anything and it will guess it even if a few questions are incorrect . This is probably the BEST BUY out of all handhelds . Never gets old .
 I stumbled onto this while reading a listmania list and after reading all the fabulous reviews I could not pass it up . I bought it to put in one of our daughter 's Easter basket and now I am back to order a few more for the grandparents and our college age kids . My husband and I had a blast playing with it . I 'm thinking of getting some for my pediatric office and having the receptionist hand them out to be used in the waiting room if I 'm runnig behind . Maybe , that way , the wait would n't be too long .
 i just bought this today , i love it it is like heaven.it sometimes gets annoying but you should buy it !!
 20 questions is awsome!you just think of something and it asks you 20 questions about it.most of the time it wins , so if it does n`t get it , it will get 1,000,000,000 other things .
 20Q is the best game EVER INVENTED ! All my family members are amazed on how it gets it right 9/10 times !! EVERYONE WILL LOVE THIS GAME !!!!! : -RRB-
 It works really well . Every time we use it , it guesses it right it really is amazing . My brother is always asking me if he can use it . It is great .
 this game is real fun . it really knows what your thinking and has an attitude that makes you want to out do him
 Wonderful toy and it is amazing how many times it 's right ! Fun for all ages . We use it at work to relieve stress .
 I bought this as a birthday present for my 13 year old neice . She and her mother have fun with it . It 's strange how it can figure out the words you are thinging of . Not all but most . I rated it a 4 because the words are a little blurry as it goes across the screen . Over all it 's cute and my neice likes it .
 It 's great . Although it not always guesses we have spent hours playing with friends .
 The hand held electronic 20 Questions game is one of the most entertaining little gadgets I have ever seen . It 's fun to play by yourself or with a group of people , and because of it 's size , you can take it virtually anywhere . I have taken mine on outings with friends to restraunts , bars , houses and even camping ! I would recomend it to anyone .
 The differential engin in this toy is incredible . It 's accuracy is uncanny . As a CIO I see a lot of cool tachnology , but this is one of my favorites.Simple to use and educational .
 this game is so cool you should run out and get it . Its the best !
 this is a very interesting novelty toy which would make an excellent small gift for someone . It is suprising how accurate it can be , as long as you do n't try too hard to outsmart it !
 My daughter got this as a gift at her school gift exchange . She could n't have been happier . At first she was n't certain about the way it worked and if it really guessed correctly , but once she started playing she could n't stop . I bought one for myself too . I love this toy and so does she .
 Me and my sister always used to play 20 questions on a pieace of paper and now we can play on a electronic . This thing is the best thing ever !!!
 Fun for small parties of adults .
 My 7 & 9 year olds love this game - and we have gotten it for all of their friend 's birthdays , too . They love trying to come up with items to stump the computer ... it keeps them busy and gets them thinking .
 Bought as a present but everyone had to play with this . Good fun for all , even the adults . Amusing to come back to but can be a bit boring after a while . A good value item with education linked to a toy .
 Randomly pick yes or no without looking at the questions . When it is done , it will have guessed something ... that thing will magically appear next to you!No really , once the 20 questions are up , it will give you a word based on your random answers . Now , start over , with that word in mind , play again -- this time reading the questions -- and see if the little ball can guess your the word!This thing is great , and for the price , I recommend it to everyone ! Sure it gets old after you play for 4 hours straight , but it is still cheaper than two tickets to the movies .
 Got this and several other styles for Christmas and this one is great . It gets the answer 95 % of the time . Even my little grandkids like it for the sparkly lights .
 This things was a huge hit around the office . Everybody wanted one . Fun for any age .
 My best friend has this game , and I took the liberty of using it while we waited in the lobby . It is very amusing ... and extremely obnoxious . I like the questions , they make you fell utterly superior to it . Two of my friends and I were playing with this , and we beat it 3 out of 4 . The first thing we chose was an ear of corn . It won . I tried the next two times ... The first one was Taekwondo , since we are TKD students . It guessed a bullet and a drum . Next , I tried the obvious ... . the twenty questions game . It guessed a lollipop . Finally , we tried it once more ... a simple , easy , birthday . It guessed a bomb at first ... then a super nova . It may seem stupid , but it never gets old ...
 This little gadget is so much fun . The whole family played all day on Christmas trying to beat it at its own game . We succeeded a couple times but it was n't easy . Very cool .
 I first saw this game when my boss brought it into work and we played with it as a group and it was a blast ! Since it was a couple months before the holidays , I decided to get it for a few family members , friends as well as one for my daughter . We have a hard time putting it down - it 's able to guess things that you swear you 'll beat it with ! Everyone I gave one to has called to tell me they love it as well ! I recommend it to anyone , its truely a blast !
 Excellent service as far as getting the item in time for Christmas and it was the hit of the Christmas gathering of 20 + people . It is still being used and enjoyed by all of my family and friends os all ages since we got it .
 Everyone that has tried this game just ca n't believe how amazing it is . How can such a small device be so incredibly smart ?
 I saw this toy in Delhi but purchased in Australia . I found it to be a simple in operation and very intelligent . I found it captures the attention of not only children but adults as well . I would like to buy this toy in Shanghai , China and gift it to children known to me . Please tell me how to procure it in China and its cost .
 I purchased this toy because my boss brought one in to work . My husband and I ca n't stop playing with it . Definitely worth $ 10 - sometimes it 's really kinda spooky how it knows what you 're thinking ! You must buy this toy !
 I just tried the 20Q with my coworkers and it was astonishing . I am used to small electronic games fitting into the `` who buys these things '' category because they usually disappoint or do n't hold your interest . Not this one . It is correct most of the time -LRB- at least so far -RRB- . It correctly identified many common objects but even correctly deduced concepts such as `` love . '' Let me suggest another game -- you pick something you know it wo n't know and then pretend it is describing whatever you were thinking of . I picked myself , answered the questions accordingly and it came up with `` Soulmate ! ''
 This toy is fun to challenge ! They should have a rating for it because it has guessed thong & bra to me which were wrong ! But other wise this is fun to do ! The best features of it were
 Wow ! This thing is really smart . It even guessed boxer shorts ! I recommend this to anyone . Sometimes it does n't guess it but most of the time it does . -LRB- dont use brands -RRB-
 i was at this party one day when my aunt -LRB- who teaches collage students -RRB- sits down next to my mom and me.and so they keep talkin and the conversation turns to my aunts school.well they kept goin on as i ate sugar cookies -LRB- it was a christmas party -RRB- and am listnin.so i get up to grab another and when i get back my aunt has this little purple ball in her hands and her and my mom are starin real close at it and one of em would press a button about every 20 seconds.i ask what its after both of them go `` awww he guessed it `` and my aunt says its a 20 Q.then she showed my how it works and what you have to do and she even played a game for me to show me -LRB- it beat her ... again -RRB- so the rest of the party im fiddlin around with it and showin it to all my cousins and watchin them try it and then me and my cousin had to take turns cause we were fightin over it.turned out to be the best christmas party id ever been to ... all cause to little 20 Q !!!!!! love it.its a great game.i suggest it to anyone who loves to be tricky and stump little purple balls that love to ask questions .
 This game is amazing ! It 's so smart ! Almost everything I thought of it guessed ! It guessed a Unicorn a Dragon and even a Dream!It 's very worthwhile .
 Some of the questions are rather lame . `` Does it weigh more than a pound of butter ? '' It is a good timewaster though . Especially for kids on long car trips :-RRB- .
 I gave this toy to my then 9 year old daughter many years ago , and it was instant success in the family . It actually guesses right more than 50 % of the time , even gets it right after 20Q for things like a subatomic particle , a jellyfish , a glass of beer , the moon , and even itself . What is amazing is how it often gets the right answer with seemingly unhelpful questions . I think the small size of the handheld unit makes it all the more impressive . Sometimes it also fails to guess things that would appear more straightforward , so I guess it all depends on the algorithms and what is in the database . Ours is a french unit , I imagine they come in many different languages although they must be using pretty much the same database anyway . It makes me wonder how come some reviewers report a much lower success rate . Could some units be slightly defective in a subtle sort of way and lack the ability to reach a proper answer most of the time without displaying more obvious signs of malfunction ? It would be interesting to compare many units head to head to see if they all agree . True , one gets eventually tired of playing with this toy after a few rounds , but its always fun to rediscover it after a while and display it to newcomers .
 Great little game . You will be amazed when it comes up with what you are thinking of . I always think I got it beat , and then it comes back to suprise me . Good for long car rides . Great for children of all ages .
 We received ours yesterday and I 've been playing with it since . It is very fun to play with and would be great to play a bunch of people at a party or family get together . Would recommend for anyone who likes electronic games .
 After reading these reviews I bought one for each of two nephews and one for my husband , which he does n't know about . After receiving them , I took one out and we played with it and could n't stop it was so much fun ! After that night , I hid them so we could n't play with them anymore and now I ca n't wait until Christmas so that we can play with my husband 's !
 The first time I picked up one of these things was in a Target . I was bored while shopping with my girlfriends family one weekend and tried it out . When looking at it , it says it can guess what you 're saying . I thought to my self ` no , this is got ta be a huge rip off ' so I thought of something somewhat challenging , I thought of a squid . It went through 20 questions and at the end this little plastic ball guessed ' A Giant Squid ' 0_0 I could n't believe it . This toy provides plenty of fun , especially on a car trip .
 We bought this for our son for Christmas and my husband and I play with it every night after he goes to bed . We hooked after our very first try when it guessed - guinea pig !!!!
 Hi again , its me -LRB- ... -RRB- , the 12 year old toy expert . So , this toy is amazing it will ask you if its an animal , vegetable , mineral , or other . Pick what it is and it will ask you questions about it -LRB- i.e -RRB- Is it flat ? or is it fun ? or does it bring joy to people ? Answer the questions and it will get it right almost every time . I once thought of a telephone pole and it got it . *************** My top 100 ranking
 A friend showed me this little ball that will tell you what you are thinking by asking 20 questions . `` Right '' I thought . So I gave it a shot . It not only got my first 3 guesses right , but it also got another guess that freaked me out ! I was thinking of BLOOD and I decided to use the Mineral category . I do n't know if I thought I would fool it , or if I really thought it would be considered more of a mineral than an `` other '' . When that ball told me I was thinking of BLOOD , I gave the ball back to my friend and told her it was `` evil !! '' and to not show it to me ever again . OK , so 5 minutes later I was playing with it . This game is addicting . I got one for my parents and my brother and they are also getting a kick out of it . I will tell you what I have to keep reminding my mother ... be very literal in your answers . Example
 This toy is perfect for boring road trips . I have been playing with it non-stop . It can guess velociraptor , human head , vampire , dumbbell , black hole and other strange and normal things . The categories it guesses from are
 I want to add my two cents to the praise for this very addictive toy . I do n't know who made it but I bought my daughter one this past Xmas from sharper image . When we started playing with this thing it not only amazed us but had us racking our brain trying come up with something this little toy -LRB- and I use that word loosely -RRB- could not guess was in our minds . It got so intense my daughter , who is nine years old , began to believe that this thing could hear us talking . She was n't the only one because on New Year 's day my wife took it to a brunch one of our neighbors gave to celebrate 2005 and grown men were taking it and running off to different corners of the house to make absolutely sure that this gadget was not getting the answers from someone else in the room . They began calling it `` The Devil Box '' . It is truly a wonderfully stimulating device . Best purchase for the cost . Now for some crazy reason you ca n't get these at sharper image anymore . Their mistake cause I came back to buy 10 more to give as gifts to my special friends . It 's the best Item they had there besides their Quadra air filter.I have to say that I prefer the ones that are oval and can fit in your pocket to the round ball type ones . Just my preference .
 I have found that this is great for long car rides and study breaks ! It 's amazing how accurate this thing can guess when it 's only asking you general questions . It 's very simple to play and is great for elementary kids up through at least my age -LRB- which is college age . -RRB- You can never run out of things to try either !
 i gave this to my grandson , but must admit the adults in the house are hogging it . this is such fun and believe me we have given it a workout . so far we have only been able to stump it four timesasking only yes no questions it has successfully guessed things like fingernails , armadillo and komoto dragon.i recommend this to all ages im getting another for a friend in a nursing home who has had a stroke and is finding the lack of verbal communication overwhelming .
 Great for any age . Fun for your friends , co-workers , anyone . You ca n't believe it knows your answer .
 The 20 question handheld game is amazing to me . I have tried to make him guess all sorts of objects , such as snowflakes , barbie doll , Xmas ornament , the sky , an angel , etc. . I can go on forever . This toy guesses what you are thinking at least 99 out of 100 times . It 's incredible . The only thing I was thinking of was a wishing well , which he did not guess . I thought at first it was voice activated . While playing with my daughter we would say the word out loud . Then we began to write down what we were thinking on paper because I thought it might be voice activated . This toy guessed it anyway . If you have n't tried 20 questions , it is a MUST get item . I had originally bought this for my daughter for Xmas and we both have lots of fun with it and are amazed most of the time . I even find myself playing with it alone . THIS TOY REFUSES TO LOSE !!
 I got this for Christmas and everyone was immediately enchanted . Like others have said it quickly becomes people trying to figure out how to trick it . I then took it to work -LRB- bunch of Paper Making Engineers -RRB- quickly decided they could beat it . But when in 20 guesses it got Zebra correct and in 25 guessed Air they admitted they 1 -RRB- All wanted one of their own 2 -RRB- I was to never bring it to work again as we would n't get anything done if they did.It now sits on our counter and periodically one of us will pick it up and play a round or two.Great fun for all ages and rather fun in a group to see if someone in the group can guess faster than the toy!It is easy to use , you answer yes , no , sometimes or unknown to each question it asks you . You can also speed up or slow down how fast the text scrolls . Easily fits into the hand of an adult but can also rest on a table for a younger person . You must be about to read to play this game .
 The 20Q handheld game can be habit forming . It engages all age groups and a wide range of interests . I let a couple of students challenge it -LRB- and they had some off the wall mystery items -RRB- and they were astounded at how well this logic-driven device worked ... seahorse , can of soup , chopsticks , nailfile.For children on the road , this will probably keep their attention for quite a while.One thing , turn the sound off . It can get irritating after a while . Go on , get one . They do n't cost a lot and if anything , they can be a good conversation starter if you keep it on your desk in the office .
 This thing is really an `` Amaze your friends , terrify your ememies '' type of gadget . I got it as a gag gift at a New Year 's Eve party and could not put it down . I showed it to my 80 year old father-in-law and he became addicted too . I ended up giving it to him and buying myself another one . Great conversation piece . Try the web site too www.20q.com .
 I picked this up in the store to see what it was , and when it guessed bathing suit , I said `` I am buying this toy '' . I have barely put it down since . -LRB- My daughter had to beg to take it with her to Disney -RRB- . Another reviewer commented that the `` trash talk '' was annoying and could not be turned off ; however , if you push the `` yes '' button when the `` trash talk '' comes on the screen , you can skip it.Buy this toy whenever you see it . I look in every store I am in to see if they have any . Perfect birthday gift for older kids , without spending a lot of money . My daughter gave one as a grab bag gift in Hebrew School and it was the hit of the day .
 I bought this toy for my son as a Christmas gift and I can not put it down ! It is so amazing and I often find myself thinking throughout the day about things that I should ask it . I plan to go back to the store to buy more as gifts . Some of the things it guessed
 Okay , so I finally broke down and bought a DVD player on a Thanksgiving Sale at Sears , and of course than meant buying the kids a couple of DVD 's to play on it . Well , Emma found SHREK , and Maria was about to pick when out of the corner of her eye she spotted this interesting black orb . She started fooling with it and suddenly did n't want a DVD , she wanted a 20Q . It was the same price as the DVD -LRB- a bit cheaper , actually -RRB- -LRB- $ 9.95 at WalMart -RRB- so I said ` yes ' . For the next three days the DVD player sat in its factory carton while we went crazy trying to trick 20Q . We finally did with brussel sprouts -LRB- it guessed beets and radish -RRB- . We 're hooked . Now there 's no more ` are we there yet ' - s in the car , and better yet no more ` I 'm bored ' - s anywhere . A miraculous little invention , and perhaps the best $ 10 I 've ever spent on a toy .
 A friend had this and it keep forty people amazed all evening ... . It won more than we won ... . I bought 10 to give as gifts and I know I will have to buy more
 GREAT product . I have to share mine with my grandchildren when they are here . Customer Service from Igg Factory was excellent ! I 'd buy from them again anytime .
 This is hands down probably the BEST toy out there ! It has only been stumped a handful of times . It has guessed accurately things like diaper , tampon , baseball cap , and asteroid -LRB- it said meteor , close enough -RRB- . I am definately getting this for some secret santa gifts . It is worth the few bucks !
 This thing is absolutely incredible!Right when I think I have it stomped , it still produces the correct answer!I do n't think it has many sexual answer for you `` boneheads '' out there.This will make a great gift !
 I still pick the 20Q up daily and get a kick out of not being able to fool it often . It could use better instructions -- I did n't know there was an `` other '' category for the first few days . Have to learn to answer generally and not slant answers to fool it . Strange random characters appear in the word line when the batteries are getting low . My daughter and I each own a 20Q -- my husband is n't taken with it .
 This game is so much fun . As long as you answer the questions truthfully it 's hard to beat . I loved it so much I bought the table top version .
 My whole family is fighting over this gem ! Granted , 20Q misses some easy ones , and gets some really hard ones , but it is one of the funnest things I have played in a while . A must have for long trips . My only problem is that it is flimsy .
 Fortunately my 7-year old daughter put this on her Amazon wish-list and -LRB- good dad that I am -RRB- purchased it for Xmas . :--RRB- It was hands down one of the most popular toys that she got this holiday ... and it was a hit among the adults as well . We all tried to beat it and had to admit that this little thing is way smarter than anybody would have guessed . Excellent gift !
 This toy is sooo cool!When you think of an item in your head and answer yes , no , unknown , or sometimes it eventually figures it out!I was playing it for an 1 hour and it got it right every time.It 's amazing how it figures it out and it 's great time consuming toy for travel and stuff .
 I love this game it is so easy to play , it requires you to think . And it is SO smart it will guess anything from cheese to anteaters ! It comes in cool colors . I think it 's perfect for any ages , my dad loved it too , he playes it almost more than I do ! I think that any kids who get this toy are going to be entertained !
 My wife and son play the game almost everyday after dinner or at breakfast on weekends . It 's fun to think of an object -LRB- 20Q is not very accurate at guessing abstract things -RRB- and answer it 's astute questions and it usually gets it right . Sometimes it has to go on to 25 questions though . Kind of spooky that a decent database and algorithm can fit in such a small device . Highly recommended .
 Every year I pick a generic `` everyone will like this '' gift and have it on hand when I do n't know what to get . This is the winner . I have brought this to a ten-year-old 's birthday party and a thirty-year-old 's birthday party . Rave reviews from all ages . I even sent it on a 12-hour high school bus trip and they fought over it . I highly recommend this toy .
 This is the best !!!! I got it for an 8 year old but , the people I work with LOVED it . It can guess things you would never think it could , , , ,
 This toy is amazing ! At first it was unbeatable ! But FINALLY I beat it with really tough words . It was SO fun to play with ! I sat there for hours playing over and over again ! And it 's SO small that you can take it ANYWHERE ! This is the best educational yet still totally fun thing ever ! : -RRB-
 I work in a salon , and have been handing this wonderful gizmo to customers to play with while they are waiting , and they have all loved it as much as I do !!! Pure entertainment !
 This is a really fun toy for kids when traveling . Both of my kids -LRB- 10 & 13 -RRB- had fun playing with it , and I recommended it to my parents who got one as well . It will keep kids amused for a good long time , and it makes them really think about a certain object . Good fun !
 I 've always enjoyed www.20Q.net , so when I saw this toy and the positive ratings , I thought I would give it a try . As you might expect , it is not as advanced as the 20Q web site , but it is much smarter than I had expected . I 'd say it gets the right answer about 2/3 of the time with `` normal '' people and kids . You do need to be able to read to use it alone , but the questions are fairly simple - my 6 year has no problems playing it by himself . It also has some funny -LRB- and clean -RRB- answers for people with `` dirty '' minds.After buying one , I went back and bought 6 more as gifts for kids . BTW , GameStop -LSB- . com -RSB- has them for cheaper .
 My friend from school gave me this game because I was really interested in it . This game is so much fun ! It knows everything you 're thinking of even when you try your hardest to stump it . Sometimes , you do stump it , but if it is an obvious word like `` computer , '' `` lamp , '' or `` chair , '' it automatically knows ! I love this game and it never gets old ! Some adults like it more than kids do .
 Up by Mamoth we were eating dinner at a friends house and we had a line for turns . The line was really long and only a few people were able to fool it You should get it !!!
 This is a really smart game , as it can can guess whatever you are thinking , in just 20 or 25 questions !!! You will be really amazed !!!
 Shopping Cart , Slot Machine , Telephone Pole , King Cobra . All items this 20Q got on the first shot , incredible . Must have .
 We love this game . Great to bring out at a party to shock and amaze your friends . Hours of entertainmant ! As a teacher , I also found it to be great to use when you find yourself with those extra five minutes at the end of a class period . The kids love it ! They request it often .
 im basicly a techno geek so this toy is so awsome i just cant put it down so you have got to buy this toy
 If you are sitting at home and watching a television show you have seen 5 times before , pick up the 20Q for hours of fun instead . Whatever is on your mind this little computer guesser can figgure it out . From Lizzard to Poop it is all in here . Give in a try and you will be hooked !
 When I saw it and the price it looked worthless . I gave it a shot and I was addicted . Even my mum loves it . 20Q 's are also eduactional . I would recommend a 20Q to peolpe from 8 year olds to people who are 100 . Do not give it to young kids because if you drop a 20Q it will smash.Be careful they 're hard to trick !
 I 've never played with a toy that so many enjoyed so much ! We have enjoyed it as a family in the car and even my mom and dad -LRB- in his 80s -RRB- are enjoying it ! I only wish I could find more ! I 'd love to give it to everyone I know as a gift this year ! I did give it to my college age nephews and they are having a blast with it ! It 's a great time-killer at the Dr 's office or wherever you have to wait in line ! And it 's small enough to go along with you . There is n't anything about it that I do n't like !
 Got this for a 10 year old 's birthday gift . He loved it - his whole family loved it - his teacher loved it . It is endlessly fascinating . If you doubt me , and if you can even find one in stock in a store someplace ! , show it to your kids and try to get them out of the store without buying it!So simple , easy to stow away and does n't contribute to toy clutter , and very inexpensive for the amount of play your kid and the family will have with 20A over the months and years .
 20Q is a palm sized electronic version of the game 20 questions . Once the `` player '' thinks of an animal vegetable , mineral , or `` other '' , the 20Q asks questions in order that it `` guess '' what you are thinking . Interspersed between questions , it makes funny statements like `` I know what you 're thinking '' or `` Do you think you can stump me ? '' This really keeps the kids attention.My 6 and 9 year old boys love trying to stump the 20Q and in doing so , take turns READING the questions . We have played with it as a family , and individually in the airport , on car rides , and even waiting at the post office . It is light , very portable , fun and it even sneaks in a little reading ! `` Can I read the next question ? '' is music to my ears !
 I bought this for my 15 year old brother after hearing about it on the radio . It took an eternity to find . It seems this little pup is the hottest little gadget of the year . It will amaze you . Just think of something and answer it 's 20 questions and it will -LRB- most of the time -RRB- guess what you are thinking . After seemingly unrelated questions , it still somehow manages to get ya . It 's witty little comments in between questions will irk you a bit . Everyone in my family enjoyed it ... from my 15 year old brother -LRB- who hardly saw the poor thing -RRB- to my 60-something year old Grandmother . The price is unbeatable -LRB- I got it for $ 10 -RRB- , but I hear that it 's on the rise , due to the demand . It 's also very conveniently sized . No larger than a tennis ball , this is excellent to take along on road trips . The whole family can play .
 It was truly amazing that this game guessed our word almost all the time -LRB- we stumped it once with some really obscure item choice ! -RRB- ! It also made you think about the item you chose . A great game for all ages !
 I must say this is the best toy that has come along in ages . I bought one for about 6 different people and recommended it to everyone I know . It was really hard to find and still is , but every once and awhile I will find one . I beat it sometimes but usually I lose . FUN FUN FUN FUN FUN !!
 This toy is AWESOME ! it works GREAT ! I am so glad I have this toy !
 this toy is very cooli just got it yesterdayit is cheap -LRB- as in prices -RRB- it is very educational that i brought it to school and my teacher loved itif you dont have it get it
 We bought this game last year . We have had many hours of enjoyment playing the game . I highly recommend this game .
 This is a great stocking stuffer . Once you start playing you wo n't be able to put it down until you stump 20Q !
 My 8 year old son loves playing this game and quite frankly , I have a ball with it too !
 This game is a lot of fun . I love the smart aleck way it talks to me . Sometimes I stump it . Often the challenge is , `` how well did I answer the questions ? '' Sometimes I replay the game answering questions differently and the `` toy '' finally gets it right . Fun on many levels . AND ... a great gift . I 've given 3 so far .
 This is truly an amazing toy . It really works well . It takes using it to truly appreciate it . It is incredibly accurate !
 i love this toy . i want it for Christmas.it is so fun and it has an amazing talent . i am hooked on mine now . Were is yours ???
 This toy is great when you are bored ! It is a great time passer byer . It 's amazing on how it can guess what you are thinking . It guesses up to the strangest things such as a bald egale !
 My 9 year old niece brought this toy to our Thanksgiving dinner and as we were all in my father 's small kitchen cooking and just hanging out , she pulled out her 20Q . We played with it for hours . In fact we were all so amazed by it 's performance , that we had 9 year old to 52 year olds all playing and enjoying the fun . I have bought everyone I can find at my local ToysRus stores to give as stocking stuffers . Great Fun !
 Purchased as gift for self / took it to work and got co-workers addicted to it - VERY ADDICTIVE ITEM = great mind activiity for all ages - even good for alzheimer - any good mind game help wardalzheimer 's - easy to carry around ! Batteries can be changed , does take some rough useage but if dropped enough or the wrong way can crack case or damage the viewing window that you read for it 's questions it asks you . . can be VERY TRICKY TOO ! A DELIGHTFUL EDUCATION ITEM . Ca n't really call it a toy , much more than that -- I had to buy 15 of them to pass around & use as gifts !!
 I learned about this game at a friends ' party ... it was passed around all evening and prooved to provide hours of fun . It 's amazing how accurate it is ... and even when it 's wrong , it 's so ridiculously close . I went out and bought one for myself and one for my ten year old niece for her birthday . It 's great for children of all ages ! There are n't many toys out there that are fun for such a range of ages ... I 'm twenty something , my parents in their 50 's are enjoying it , and I know my 10 year old niece will just love it !
 This is the greatest ! I 'm a grandmother and could spend hours playing with this toy . Actually I ordered it for my granddaughter and when she took it home , I ordered one for myself . Try it ! You 'll love it !
 This is a fun toy ! It guesses the thing that you are thinking about 80 % of the time . It even guesses weird stuff like poop . You should get it .
 This thing is eeriely accurate . The whole family loves this thing . It 's inexpensive & it 's hour of fun ! It 's right most of the time , but when it 's wrong , it 's fun to see the answers , many of which are really close . It guessed manatee & seal when I was thinking dolphin . Or vollyball when I was thinking football , & fish tank & hot tub when I thought swimming pool.This is well worth the money , very impressive . I will likely pick up a few more for friends & family .
 I bought a couple of these for my grandkids , and showed it to my husband . Now he wants one and he does n't want to wait until Christmas . It is sooooo amazing . I am ordering several for kids and adults .
 I got this at target for 13 dollars . It 's red . They also have it available in black , blue , green , purple , and orange . I love this . It 's really smart . It 's like a ball with a big brain . But the only problem is that my parents can not see the words . But kids can . I think this good for ages 6 to 16 . This is reccomended for people who have good eyes and has nothing to do all day . I have a little brother and he even playes with it .
 This product is the greatest !!! I played it with my family in CA and had to get one when I come home to OH . Educational , mind challenging , entertaining . I can not say enough good things about this product .
 Sometimes i think its asking stupid questions but finally it comes up with an answer . Its really amazing and I 'm sure kids will enjoy playing this game . Once i thought of dinasour , it took 25 questions and answered correctly . Good to buy for the price .
 This is a fun conversation starter or party game , but very primitive . It does get old after a while but not after you 've exhausted everything you can think of . It 's very cute , and for the price an ok deal .
 This was a gift for my grand daughter and she loves it ! It came very quickly and was just as described . Very pleased .
 It 's addictive and a great intergenerational activity . I just saw a newer version in stores , but this is more aesthetically pleasing and plenty amazing . How does it do it ?
 This toy is amazing ! It guesses what you 're thinking every time ! I think this is a fun toy for people of all ages ! I love it !
 It was amazing product , which is guessing the answers perfectly . New version of product is really good . I got 4 Items and gifted to children ; they enjoyed a lot .
 My neighbor 's kid was playing with 20Q one day and showed it off to us . We could n't think of anything it could n't guess -- including `` nothing '' ! It was so much fun , I bought a few for presents . Yesterday I gave one to a friend 's child at a dinner party . The adults had as much fun as the little girl trying to stump it . It could n't guess `` beer '' or `` kitty litter '' or a few other inappropriate words the adults picked , and a few times the girl threw it off track when she interpreted the questions too literally or accidentally pressed the wrong button . The grown ups wanted the words to scroll across the display faster , but it 's just the right speed for a beginning reader . Also , the kid loved the smart aleck comments that display between the question . She thought it was hysterical . All in all , everyone amazed by this little mind reader .
 I bought this for my friend in Brazil , but I took a quick look at it before it sent it -- it 's a fun game , I 'll admit , haha ! The only thing is that it does n't have an off button -LRB- or not one that I 've seen -RRB- , so you just have to wait until it shuts off by itself , but that 's a small side-note .
 I 've played with the `` 20 questions '' ball dozens of times . It usually begins with a rather odd question
 I must say this is the funnest toy I have played with in a long time . My son , who is 8 got this toy and he played with it for hours . His Dad and I played with it for hours ! We ended up buying the larger version for everyone on our Christmas list , both kids and adults ! It takes a very simple game and turns it into hours of amusement . It is amazing ! Order one now !!
 Wow , I do n't even know where to begin when talking about 20q . Let me just say that the buzz created by this toy is awesome . I work at a toy store and we can never keep this item on the shelves . It 's a frequently requested birthday item . Let 's not forget also the low price tag and it makes it all around great present to give.It is also important to mention that this is n't just a toy for kids . This really is a great conversation starter at work , a party , or even on a train . Pass it around at a party and have people see if they can stump it . It really can be a crowd pleaser!So , overall I think this a great gift for yourself and others . With the holiday season coming , it will also make a great stocking stuffer !
 This is a great stocking stuffer , or a great gift for that someone who has everything . It is a real conversation piece . You think of something and answer 20 questions using 4 buttons
 I first heard about this toy from my friend whose 8 year old daughter received the 20q at her birthday party . She received so many gifts , but apparently was only playing with this toy . The next day my girlfriend , who is 30 , was playing with it , and shortly after , we were both playing it over the phone ! I think that it is amazing that such a small device can captivate your attention so well . This is a great inexpensive gift . I bought this for my nieces and nephews and will be sad to wrap them up , as I have been sneaking a few games in here and there . However , please remember it is a kids toy !!
 This thing is so accurate I 'm almost ready to have it exorcised !!! I bought it as a gift for my son and have not been able to put it down - it might not make it to the wrapping stage ... It kind of reminds me of a Ouija board for some reason . -LRB- Maybe its the chills I get when it `` guesses '' what I am thinking when I think it could not possibly know ! -RRB- Anyway , buy it - it will blow your mind !
 im 12 , and this thing is awsome ! i swear it has a mind of its own ! it is sooo accurate , that if you were thinking of a mini ipod , it would guess it in only 20 Qs ! -LRB- ive tried it :-RRB- -RRB- this is soo fun , and it has a backlight , perfect for those looong boring trips at night , then you just pop it in your pocket ! i love this item !
 Teachers , therapists , parents line up to get this cool ball o'fun ! I first started playing 20Q online and was facinated by it 's accuracy . Not only does it usually guess what you 're thinking of , if not , it actually builds it 's data base from past questions . For the classroom , it 's a great , educational reward game . For therapists , it 's the traditional 20 questions game with a twist -- it 's all electronic . The ball comes in many versions so make sure you look at them all before buying . I got a cute smaller one that can go in any pocket -LRB- came with batteries as well ! -RRB- This will be the game everyone sits around playing after the presents are opened on Christmas day !
 '20 QUESTIONS '' is a great fun game for kids eight and up . The toy is no bigger then a baseball , very light and it appears to be breakable if dropped . None the less , it is the best game/quiz mystifying mind-boggling toy with an enormous data base I 've ever seen . My ten year old daughter thinks it 's the best game of its kind . She asked a series of questions and all were guessed . Some of the words that the game guessed were
 I went over to my mother 's house for dinner the other day and she pulled out this toy and told me to give it a shot . It was really amazing ! It is near impossible to stump and was able to tell me I was thinking of a duck-billed-platypus with 20 very generic questions -LRB- some of them I had to answer I do n't know to -RRB- . I was able to stump it a little bit , but it always came close -LRB- like it told me I was thinking of jewelry when I was thinking specifically of earrings -RRB- . However , once the `` awe '' factor subsides it becomes something fun to show to other people , but not so much fun to play yourself . I would recommend it for a show piece or a conversation starter but it is definitely not something that would keep you occupied for a 5 hour plane flight or a long drive somewhere .
 I have my own 20Q and let me tell you , it has hardly left the hands of anyone in this home ! We all play it , from age 10-41 and all ages in between!While 20Q can be stumped , its NOT EASY ! 20Q wins 98 % of the time and amazes us with its ability to know just what we are thinking ! I ca n't get over that it knows , for example , that I am thinking specifically of a rhino and NOT a hippo ! How did it know I was thinking a lima bean and NOT a pea ??? ITS UNCANNY ! 20Q is great for all ages and I have bought several to give as gifts this holiday season!GET ONE ... or get more for yourself and friends/family ! You too will be amazed at 20Q 's ability ! This is the most fun we have had with a toy in a long time !
 I do n't know how this toy can almost always guess what I am thinking , but it does ! Amazing ! Buy it ! It 's a great gift for anyone !
 We got this toy as a gift & have just placed an order to send it as a gift as well.It is as small as a yo-yo but has the artificial intelligence of a sofisticated robot.This toy is surprisingly wise and witty ; it seems to function as a mind reader.It is great for rainy day recesses at school , parties and long car rides.Highly recommended . The only negative is that it runs on batteries .
 i always use this toy when i 'm bored . the toy almost reads your mind.in my opinion buy it !
 This game is cool and unique . The perfect stocking stuffer . BUt for the price , do not expect a genius or anything . I played the game in the store several times and was amazed that it was able to come up with random words of mine like hubcap . The coolest part was that it would ask these crazy questions to make me think it was lost , only to make fun of me and tell me what my word was . The downside was that when I got it home I stumped it 3 times in a row . Maybe it was the magic of the store . The problem comes in that it is hard to answer the questions sometimes because none of the answers fit your word . So you pick the best of the three , and it really does end up throwing off the game . Sorry to break it to you . It is a cool game though . As long as you stay with concrete things that are easy to answer .
 My 15 year old granddaughter played with one of these that a teacher had brought to the high school and had to have one of her own , we have all had fun with it and I bought 4 more as gifts . A fun way to pass time .
 The product is very good but not as good as it thinks it is . It is nowhere near as smart as the original contestants on the program `` 20 QUESTIONS '' in the 1940s and 50s . I would recommend it as a party game for adults or as a teaching game on logical thinking for kids .
 I bought this for three of my grandchildren and not only did they have fun , but their parents also loved it . It 's uncanny how accurate it is in guessing what you 're thinking by a series of questions . My daughter took it with her to a business meeting out of town and said they had loads of fun playing with it on their `` off '' time .
 I bought this game on a whim , and am glad I did . It was fun to pull it out and have some fun with it , thinking of how I can stump the machine . The novelty of the item wore quickly on it and I have n't used it much since . However , once in a blue moom I 'll see it and play with it . If you have an extra $ -LSB- ... -RSB- go ahead and buy it , your kids , or even yourself will be glad you did . Seems to be made to last.I gave it 4 stars for it 's originality and genuis , however I took one away for the excitement died quickly ...
 I bought this toy for my 10 year old nephew for Christmas . I was waiting for it to come in so I could look at it . When it did , the packaging allows you to try it out ! SO WE DID ! My husband and I played with it a few times and it was right everytime ! I had to wrap it up immediatley , before I kept playing with it ! On Christmas day , my nephew had fun with it , but the adults at the house had more fun ! I guess he was memorized with all of his toys ! We were all drawn to this one . We fought over it ! Great for kids and their parents and friends and family and neighbors ! EVERYONE !
 No one in my house could put this down for days-it is amazing-I mean how can it guess-VOLCANO or GOD -- great gift for teens -- adults ... hours of fun . .
 has got my vote . My daughter got one for her birthday two weeks ago . She has n't let go of it since ... except when I 've pryed it away with my superior strength . Seriously , this toy is addictive . Think of anything ... cat , bottle , television , bridge , rock , ruby ... answer the questions you 're asked , truthfully to the best of your knowledge and you will be amazed ! The most off the wall thing I came up with was an avacado . It GOT IT RIGHT . This little jewel will provide hours of great , mind-stimulating fun for all ages . We HIGHLY recommend !
 This is a great game to take with you on trips , or waiting in long lines , or waiting for your order at a resteraunt-you can play it with friends/family members . It truely is worth your money ! If it does not guess your answer after 20 questions , it will ask you 5 more , if it still does n't get it right , you have beaten it !! It is worth your time and money : -RRB-
 My boyfriend and I are 40 and 38 yrs old respectively . We had a blast with this electronic game !!!! It could guess even the strangest things we could think of ! We were absolutely amazed at the `` brain '' inside this toy . It is fun for people of all ages . It is a very low priced item -LRB- at least it is at Amazon.com -RRB- and makes an excellent gift for many.I had to buy two more just to give as gifts ! Check it out , you wo n't regret it . promise .
 I bought this at Wal-mart -LRB- less then 10 bucks -RRB- for my daughter . It worked when we tried it in the store - we were thinking of a horse . We thought that was cool but since having it at home we have been absolutely amazed . This thing is freaky !!!!! It is like it has ears or eyes or ESP or something . It probably guesses about 90 % right and is even more accurate with unusual things like angel , roller coaster , snowman , pimple , and volcano then it is with very common items . However it gets those most the time too . It is amazing and the questions are so vauge - like `` Is it something you would give a s a gift ? '' All the questions could pertain to a billion things . It is so exciting waiting for it 's answer after the 20th question `` it 's a ... '' and it 's right . FREAKY !!!! I took it to work and everybody is going to get one . I like to tell people to think of something and write it down but do n't tell me what it is - they are all so amazed when it gets it right . Takes about 3 to 4 minutes to go through all 20 questions.This toy is easy to use and the words are very clear and easy to read . Fits in your purse and you can take it a long . Great for travel or when having to do any waiting . We used it last night when we were waiting for our table at a restuarant . It made the time pass quickly.The best money I have ever spent on a toy . Worth much more then the price . Get it - you will be amazed too !
 Great fun playing in a group or by yourself , in a car , while waiting at the doctor 's office . You start playing with it then everyone around you wants to try . It 's scarey how this little item can guess what you 're thinking . Really scarey .
 I work at a toy store and 20Q has been flying off the shelves no matter how many shipments we get in . I 'm 17 and bought the last one for myself , and my family loves it ! The whole family was out here for Christmas and we spend Christmas day sitting around trying to stump it and amazing ourselves every time that we could n't ! My grandma , Aunt , and I all played it together-fun for at least three generations , and I take it to school now and my friends are always asking `` Do you have 20q !? '' We play after tests and in boring classes-the sound turns off so it is not a distraction and it is small enough to carry around in my backpack . It 's a great game for family nights and friends alike , and well worth the reasonable price . It also comes in four colors , as far as I 've noticed-red , orange , blue , and purple .
 I was looking everywhere for this product . I had heard about it on the radio and really wanted to see what all the fuss was about . I finally got my hands on one and fell in love . It is addicting to play with . You can stup the toy but that is what makes it real .
 Somebody below said the toy did n't guess `` cardboard box '' and `` alien '' correctly . Well , I just tried it and it guessed them correctly ! This toy is amazing and fun . I am addicted to it - in the last few days the last thing I do before going to bed is to challenge it , and it always wins !
 This is the coolest toy that I have played with in a long time , and I think that it makes a perfect addition to anyone 's stocking stuffer ... kids or adults . Think of anything in the world , and this little toy will guess it in 20 -LRB- or 25 -RRB- questions . Will you win sometimes ? Sure , it would n't be any fun if you did n't , but you will be amazed at just how well this toy can read your mind .
 I saw this toy at Brookstone and thought I would give it a try . I told myself that if it guessed what I was thinking of twice in a row I would buy it . I tried `` eyeball '' and `` lava lamp '' and both times it guessed it correctly . This little thing is truly amazing . It is well worth the money . I keep trying to stump it and have not been successful after many many many tries .
 This game is so cool ! It has guessed correctly many times . When it does n't guess the exact thing , it is stll so close we are freaking out . The first time I played the game , I thought of a boston terrier - Radica 20 guessed ` terrier ' . LOVE IT !
 As long as your child can read , this toy is terrific . It may be a battery drainer , though . The set it came with ran out very fast and we 're waiting to see what happens with the new ones . I would expect that if we bought it in a retail store , but not online where , I assume , kids are n't toying with it beforehand .
 the item was given as a gift and the recipient was delighted to receive it .
 I get a kick out of this game . It 's fun trying to pick a subject to see if it can guess what it is .
 I believe the parents are enjoying this as much as the children or possibly more so .
 I like the portability of the game . I have been putting in a couple in each packge our company sends over to Iraq . So far they enjoy playing it from what I have been told .
 I bought this ofr my neice , but all of the kids had a great time with this from 6 to 16 years old . I knew the product and was delighted I did n't have to wait in line to purchase it , I just pushed one button , no waiting !!! Yeah !! Nothing like buying known name brands and finding them AVAILABLE and AFFORDABLE !! Thank Amazon !!!
 We bought this for our neices and nephews for Christmas and they LOVED it . They range in age from 8-15 and it was a hit .
 I bought several of these toys to send to grandkids . Of course I had to try one and found it a fun way to making waiting time -LRB- for whatever -RRB- to pass quickly . The toy did amaze me at times . I managed to beat it a few times , but usually it came up with the right answer . My 10 year old grandson reported back with `` It 's awesome ! '' Enough said .
 I read all the reviews , and I knew that the gift under the tree would have to have a special label
 We found out about this toy from a friend . It is such a great simple musical instrument.I bought this product from the seller Bid It Adieu . The condition said NEW but my husband opened it on Christmas day there were a lot of parts missing . I have contacted the seller multiple times but have yet to hear back . I am frustrated that I am unable to rate the seller directly as it has been over 90 days since I have purchased this product . I did n't doubt that some parts will be missing since it said `` NEW '' and the seller had high rating on Amazon . Yes I have learned my lesson . I am sad that this had happened to my husband 's christmas present and not just something that I bought for myself . I am leaving this feedback here in hopes that this will help others who are considering to purchase things from Bid It Adieu . WORST SELLER EVER !!!
 My grandson loves this bed ! It 's durable and tough , which is important for a two-year-old 's room ! It 's safe , not like some flimsy toddler beds that can come apart . We love it .
 I bought this bed to see if my 1 year old will sleep in his own bed instead of mine . We have been co-sleeping since he was born and it was time for him to go on his own to sleep . He hated hated hated his crib . You could n't get him to sleep in it for more than 20 minutes on any given time . I finally told my husband that we had to switch beds -LRB- even though the crib did convert to a toddler bed it was still a no go for my son -RRB- . My son is the BIGGEST Lightning McQueen fan . We watch that movie all day on loop cause he just has to see the movie all over again once its finished . When we built the bed he was so excited he did n't want to leave his room -LRB- his room is Cars themed -RRB- . At night when it was time for bed he was so excited to lay down on his bed that I told him to stay in his bed while I prepare him his bottle . My son 's exact words
 This toy is very affordable but not cheap , the pieces together seem very sturdy . It was easy to put together . I carried it through the house by the side after I put it together and did not have any problems with it coming apart or pieces moving . It is just as it looks in the picture and the crib mattress fits perfectly in the space allotted . I put 5 stars on educational even though it 's not educational because I did n't want to put any low ratings on this product and no one expects a bed to be educational . Beautiful !
 We got this bed for our 2.5 year old . he loves it , sleeps well in it . putting it together was pretty easy , in some places the picture does n't line up perfectly , but it 's not too big of a deal , esp . for the price . It 's a pretty sturdy bed , but I would n't let my son jump on it .
 We purchased this bed for my son when he was a toddler . The bed is very durable and very easy to put together . I would recommend this to anyone ! In fact , my son is not almost 5 and has long grown out of this bed , but I ca n't seem to get rid of it !
 this was a wonderful wooden bed that was easy to assemble . i enjoy the it was made . a good beginning bed for any toddler .
 There are a couple of reviews on here of poor quality , but I do n't know what they are talking about . The bed is very sturdy , and was easy to put together . The rails are the perfect height and my son loves it . It is nice and low to the ground for him to get in and out of . The best part is that it is just about the same size as the crib mattress which fits our small space perfectly .
 It 's a good , durable bed for a young boy ! lol My 4 year old loves Lightening McQueen and loves this bed .
 This bed is sturdy , easy to assemble and adorable ! It is not bulky so does not take up much space . The sides are just high enough so your little one who may be converting from a crib does not easily fall out of bed . I would definitely recommend . It has made bedtime fun for my toddler !
 When I purchased this bed in early January it was only $ 74.00 + $ 28.00 in shipping . The bed seems to be good quality . The picture does n't show that the bed comes with the number 95 that you are supposed to screw into the side of the bed for a 3-d effect . For some reason both sides for our bed had the screw go through the number . It was n't really a big deal , but something to watch out for . Bed was very close to the size of a crib mattress-which was what I was looking for because I do n't have a lot of space . My child loves it though ! I got him some cars sheets and he was more than happy to give up his crib for the new baby .
 My boyfriend and I bought his 2 1/2 yr old boy this bed . He absolutely loves it . This was the perfect cure to get him to start sleeping alone in his own bed . You all know what I mean ! These kiddos grow so fast and start to take up all the room in our beds : -RRB- Ha ! I ca n't believe people actually write about this being difficult to put together . ITS SO EASY ! Just need a screw driver and about a half hour . Only thing I will say is I did n't see anywhere that stated this did not include a crib size mattress . But then again I may have looked over it . Overall this was a perfect gift . We all love it and still can squeeze in it to read him a bedtime story .
 This wooden `` car '' bed has been a hit with our toddler son . He has n't had any trouble adjusting to it from a crib , and he has n't had problems with rolling out of bed . A previous review that I read mentioned that the sides of the bed were hard and/or hurt , but this has n't been a problem for our son up to this point . We have had the bed for about a month and have had no trouble with it .
 very nice car bed my son is 3 years old and he really likes his new car bed and it was pretty easy to put together i highly recommend this car bed to all the people out there looking for a car bed
 I bought this bed because my toddler son was climbing out of his crib at will -LRB- 22 months -RRB- . I wanted to prevent a possible fall , so I decided to switch to a toddler bed . What a great product this is . Priced right for a fairly temporary bed 2 or 3 years or so . It shipped in the original packaging , about 40lbs or so . Its built of MDF wood . Its fully painted with the likes of Lightning McQueen and is a very fun looking bed . Assembly is required and simple , just took a phillips head and flathead screwdriver and about 20 minutes . Its solid and does not seem rickety or poorly made . Standard toddler crib mattress fits perfect . I also bought the Cars 4 pc comforter set which matches perfectly . The bed has slightly raised sides , enough to keep your child from a simple roll over and is about 12-14 inches from the floor . The bed is made from wood , so it is hard . If your child likes to jump around in bed they may possibly fall on an edge and get hurt . Not that jumping in the crib is safe either . My sons reaction was shock , lol . He was n't sure if it was a toy or a bed . He warmed up to it within minutes after he surveyed the whole thing , then proceeded to push us away from his bed declaring `` go ! '' it is his lol . He slept just fine the first night and he easily navigated in and out on his own . He turns around alot and I 've had him fall out once and was no big deal , he cried for a few seconds from the scare and went back to sleep , since then -LRB- 1 week -RRB- he fully adjusted to it and sleeps perfectly . He runs to it for bedtime and pulls his covers up and goes to sleep ... Great product and my kid loves it .
 My nephew loves his new bed and thinks it is a real car.Very durable bed . I would recommed this product to any parent .
 My wife and I looked at several of these `` Cars '' themed beds for our grandson . After reading several positive reviews on Amazon , we got this one.Well made , all parts in box , quick to assemble -LRB- 45 minutes -RRB- - and most importantly , it made my little man very happy . He `` wanted '' to go to take a nap and to sleep at night while we had him for a few days.No reservations about recommending this bed product . It even makes me smile looking at the darn thing .
 Suprised with the quality and durablity . For the money you ca n't beat it . This is a great transitional bed for you little one .
 I absolutely love this bed . It is perfect for my son and affordable . All the plastic car bed 's were like $ 200.00 . My son loves it too and loves sleeping in his bed which he would n't do before . I would highly recommend this bed !
 My son really enjoys having this bed instead of his convertible crib . It is a very simple product ... just 4 pieces of wood connected at their corners . The only gripe I have is that the top edges are very sharp . I wish they 're were rounded . Any contact while getting in & out of this bed without being careful may produce skin abrasions .
 This bed came really quickly and my husband , who is not necessarily gifted in assembly , put it together by himself in less than an hour , and did n't yell ! :-RRB- The bed is really sturdy , looks to be of high quality -LRB- more so than those plastic cheap looking ones I 've seen online -RRB- and the cost was great ! I was a little bit worried about the sides not being high enough to keep my 22 month old boy who moves a lot in his sleep , from falling out but so far he has slept well every night he 's used it . If a kid falls out of a bed when it 's only a foot off the ground , what 's the big deal anyway ? Everyone who has seen the bed has loved it and I feel like I have a $ 300 bed in his room the way it looks . So glad we did n't go with the plastic kind !
 I bought this bed for my 2yr old and was abit afraid that it would have been too small but boy was i wrong ... . it 's perfect , he loves it , i 'm not too sure who loves it more he or his dad cause we came and found him -LRB- dad -RRB- laying on the bed all comfy.I love the fact that it low and he can climb in and out of the bed he wishes , also because of the depth of the frame the mattress goes all the way down creating a safety rail on the sides so he wo n't fall out of bed once asleep . Once again i love it ! i love it and would recommend it for any two yr old who is into cars
 My 2 year-old LOVES this bed!It was easy to build and his crib mattress fits snugly in the frame . It is a great starter bed for a toddler ... now , if I could only keep my mischievious son in bed at night ...
 This Cars bed is easy to assemble , and looks great . There is a good raise on either side at the top 1/3 of the bed , to help keep your toddler from rolling out . My MIL insisted on padding these sections , and you might agree . The standard crib mattress fits just fine . Assembly time was around 30 minutes , and it is guaranteed to please your toddler .
 it 's very easy to assemble , looks great and is very sturdy . my 2 yr old son LOVES cars -LRB- not specifically the movie , just cars in general -RRB- so he loves his new bed . the only problem i have is that my son moves alot in his sleep -LRB- as do i lol -RRB- so he hits his head on the sides , so if you get this bed , it might be a good idea to get a few extra pillows . it is a great bed though , and i do plan to keep it since i found a solution that works for him .
 We knew it was time to ditch the crib and move our 25 month old to a big boy bed and really wanted a car themed room . I looked all over and read countless reviews before finally settling on this one . I liked that it was made of wood and not the cheap plastic some are and the price was great . It was delivered really fast and my husband had it together in no time . My little guy adores the bed and it made the transition from crib to bed SO easy . He climbs right in and goes to sleep . The bed looks great and really goes with the decor in his room so perfectly . I would highly recommend it to anyone!So far in the two nights he has slept in it no issues with him falling out . I 'm sure if you had a really active sleeper they possibly could but like the other reviewer pointed out it 's only a foot off the floor so it 's not really a big deal . And as someone else suggested if you really needed to you could leave the slats out so the mattress sits further down into the bed and eliminates the chance of them rolling out . But , for us it has n't been an issue at all .
 great bed . it is heavy enough the kids ca n't pick it up and break it . for the price , you ca n't pass on this bed .
 We love this bed !!! It was really easy to put together and it didnt take long at all !!! My son loves the bright colors too !!! It seems very stable even though I did not put the slats in . I left them out so that the mattress could sit on the floor , by doing this I have more of a side to it so my son doesnt fall out ! I would buy this again , its wonderful !!!!
 My great grandson loves his new car bed . he invites Everyone who visits his house to see his car bed . He only talks in few word sentences but explains the numbers the tires the lights.His Parents are pleased with the bed also . At first they were not so sure because he wanted to drive -LRB- make car sounds -RRB- . when they ignored him after tuck in and stories , he often drove himself to sleep.A good Purchase.James
 Absolutely adorable . Very sturdy . Great that we can use the crib mattress instead of purhasing a special mattress . Very easy to put together . My grandson absolutely loves it .
 My son loved the bed ... the only concern is the side railings are a little higher than the mattress and that is and will be a concern as the child tosses and turns the chances of hitting against it are more . We covered the railing with a thick towel so that he gets a cushion if he bumps against it . Other than that switching him into his bed was a breeze because of the car .
 Weve had this bed for about a year now and my son LOVES it ! Its great quality wood and durable for my destructive boy .
 Crib mattress fits perfectly , assembly was easy , looks great , and it seems to be very sturdy . Great quality ! Lots of fun !
 Is a great bed for the money !! . our son loves it !!! Easy directions for assembly and seems durable so far . Bed time is not a problem in our house !
 my 2yr old son loves this bed !!! gets in & out with no problems . was great transition from crib . if you 're little one loves Cars get this bed !!
 I was a little skeptical at first , especially when we were putting it together but it is so easy to put together and surprisingly sturdy . My 3 year old son absolutely loves it . It 's the perfect size for him and fits his crib mattress perfectly . Great product !
 My three year old loves it . Very easy to assemble , took me about 20 minutes . Sits low to the ground so my son can get in and out with out any issues . Sides come up just high enough to prevent my son from rolling out while sleeping.Materials seem a lot sturdier than I would have expected for the price .
 Our son loves it ! After placing an order , my wife and I had some concerns about the safety and getting a wooden instead of a plastic bed so I started reading some reviews and obviously found others with the same concerns and great answers withing the comments.This is a great bed and it is funny as one of the review said that &#34; that our child jumped out of our and started sleeping in his bed right away &#34; and that is exactly what ours did . It is very safe and secured and very easy to assemble and does have support on the sides so your child wont fall off it rolling around.I would highly recommend the new buyers to definitely get this bed .
 We have had this bed for over six months now . Our son got really excited to see his very own Lightning McQueen bed . Its very well built and will probaby hold him for six more months until he will grow out and will move to a twin bed.Colors are vibrant and the build is sturdy -LRB- may not be sturdy enuf for them to jump on it though -RRB- . It 's great to buy when you want to move them from crib to bed and train them to sleep on your own bed !!
 We purchased this bed for my son when we turned two . He loved it and it lasted him two in a half years . We are now going to sell the bed which is still in perfect condition . Holds up very well .
 Bought this for my nephews room , the instructions were easy to understand , putting it together was super easy and the stickers and images were nice and crisp .
 My grandson loved the cars bed . A very nice transition from a baby bed to a big boy bed . A great purchase .
 I know the age range is for an older child but we purchased this for our 18 month old son and he loves it . We bought the infant swing for now because he is n't big enough for the regular swings . He loves to climb up onto the platform and go down the slide . I do wish the weight limit was a bit higher so I could swing with him but that may be a safety issue . As far as assembly goes , I did not think it was as difficult as some other reviewers did but it is a pain . The directions are not very clear and some of the pieces should be labeled as to which side is considered left / right etc. . The confusing part may be that you can configure this set eight different ways leaving much room for error in assembly . I would estimate it took about three hours for my father and I to assemble . Call the babysitter or grandma to watch the kids and plan on spending a day to put it together . Celebrate if you get done early . The aggrevation will be worth it when you see how much your kids enjoy it .
 We bought this for our 22 month old daughter and she just loves it . We replaced one of the swings with a toddler swing and she is just in heaven . We were going to go with a wooden play set but then I saw this one . It is really durable and very safe for her even at this young age . I think that it will be something she loves for a good 3-5 years . We have a 7 month old as well and he likes to swing too .
 My two year old son loves the climber we can not get him off it he would play there all day if he could . It is easy to put together it only take around two hours .
 This was the best investment we have made . My son as well as my husband and I love toys and love to play outside . We wanted something that our 2 yr old could play on and enjoy for hours . Well , this is IT ! He enjoys swinging , and playing `` boat '' . This has been a great joy and it 's so durable . Amazing !!!!
 I purchased the Little Tykes Variety Climber with Swing set extension for my three year old son . It was easy to assemble and there were no problems with parts not fitting correctly . The whole set is very sturdy and is durable .
 We received this as a christmas present for my son . The product is great , but putting it together is a different story . The instructions are 90 % illustration . They give no details on what goes in where and how to put it in . We had to put in and take out pieces because we had them in the wrong way . If we were given detatils insted of just illustrations , which are not very clear , we would have had this thing put together in about 2 hours . In stead it took around 6 .
 We decided that our 21 month son needed something more to play with outside . We bought this for him and he loves it , so do his other little friends . It 's very durable and not so hard to put together . I noticed a big difference in my son 's climbing and balance skills in just a few days . He mastered climbing and sliding in no time . Now when I actually take him to the park he 's not holding the `` bigger '' kids up . He 's climbing and sliding like a pro . The swings are too big for him at this time , but no problem ! We already had the Little Tikes toddler swing -LRB- ... -RRB- and that hooks right up ! If you 're looking for something not too big , but with a couple of options as far as play , this is it ! And I figured he 'll have it for a long time . The slides are big enough and so are the swings . It 's great that he 's occupied with this for a longer period of time then I can get more work done outside while he plays in one spot rather than wander all around the yard . So far I am glad we decided to go with the Variety Climber !!
 My husband and I bought this for our 20 month old son . He loves it !!!! It is a great size for kids his age and still has plenty of room for him to grow . I 'm sure he will enjoy it for the next 2-3 years until he is big enough for a big boy swing set . Went together easily too , but plan on spending at least a few hours working on it . Great product !!!!
 My husband and I decided to by a swing set for our very active daughters 2nd B-day . While the price is kind of steep , its a lot better than $ 500 and more for the lumber ones that would take days to build or the cheap metal ones that will rust within the next year . So , I believe we made the best decision . Plus our daughter just loves it . And it should last a very long time .
 My toddler loves his climber . The slides kept his attention the most . It was n't that difficult to put together once we figured out which way we wanted it facing .
 We purchased this swingset for our 2 year old and he absolutely LOVES it ! We love the fact that it is durable and safe . When our older son who is not 14 years old was little , we tried the fancy wooden fort type swingset andthe only thing we accomplished was spending a lot of money because the wood cracked and within 2 years it was junk . This swingset was made to last and will be around for a long time I think .
 I bought this set for my 2 year old son . He loves having his very own playground ! The instructions were clear and the set up was not difficult . He really enjoys playing on it . My only concern is that he may outgrow in sooner than a larger swing set , but until then , this was a great buy .
 My husband and I purchased this variety climber and swing set extension for our 16 month old daughter . She loves it !! it is easy for her to climb on the side with the little swing and sh loves crawling through the tunnel . She can even do the rope climb side with a little assistance . The steering wheel is a great feature as well . But of course the favorite part is the swings . We purchased the toddler swing to replace one of the bigger kid swings . Grace loves to go outside and just crawl and swing and jump . It has been great for her . It really has given her an outlet to crawl on something as opposed to kitchen chairs and tables . I really debated between this one and the other little tikes tropical climber that has no swings and more to crawl around in and I am glad we chose this one . It was not difficult to put together although you need serious weight to pap the slides into place . It took me and my husband to get them in . Th play set is sturday and colorful.Side note
 When we puchased this here on Amazon , I read reviews that raved about how easy it was to put together within 2 hours . We consider ourselves to be intelligent people , but we found it to be quite a different story . The directions were pictures , and a written explanation might have been more helpful . The pictures did not show the correct direction of the pieces in some cases , so when we got a few steps ahead , we realized we had a piece backwards and had to take it apart and backtrack a few times . Finally we started checking a few steps ahead to make sure it will work later if we do this now ... so , it took my husband and I about 4 or 5 hours I guess to complete , and we finished it by flashlight just after sunset on Christmas Eve ! But , we do like the outcome !
 We got this set for my son when he was 15 months old , and he LOVES it . He hasnt gotten tired of it yet , and he 's now over two years old ! We already had the little tykes snug fit baby swing , and attached that to the set instead of one of the `` big kid '' swings that came with it.The first thing my son wants to do in the morning is go in the back yard and play on this set . I think it 's great exercise , too .
 This play set has many benefits
 We bought this for our 17 month old son . I put a Little Tikes Snug N Secure Swing in place of one of the regular swings . Every night my son runs straight for his swing . He is still too smaill for the climber , but I think he will enjoy this for many years to come.Assembly was a breeze , it took my husband about 20 minutes . the toughest part was figuring out the rope ladder.I highly recommend this toy !
 I picked it up at Toysrus I was helped to tie two large boxes on top of car . The next day it took me about 3 hours to set up including the anchors.With 2 children swinging it did not raise or walk.I think it is built well enough not to need them.As for review where someone claimed he had 2 engineers help and it took all day I think his problem was the engineers . Found directions simple and just fine.My grand daughter loves it she is two & half years old and said thank you PaPa for buying me my own park.Thanks Little Tikes for another fine toy .
 Our son received this when he was 11 months old and absolutely loves it . He is almost 2 now and plays on it every day . Looking forward to having this for a few years . Would definately purchase it again . It was fairly easy to assemble and only took a little over an hour . The set is very durable and easy to maintain . Highly recommend it !!!!
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 16 months old . It is a great , sturdy set . The only problem that I see , is that because it is small , it only kept her entertained for a few months . She then wanted to go on the larger slides . My son is now 17 months and he wants to only go on the bigger playsets as well . So the children can outgrow it fairly quickly .
 WE bought this for our 19 month old son after lots and lots of searching . We are very happy with it , our son loves it . He can not wai to get outside to play on it . It is the perfect size for the 1 1/2 year old age group . It 's big enough to keep them happy and yet small enough to keep them safe . It was not difficult to put together either . It took us about 3 hours to put it all together .
 This swing set is a MUST have . We bought this for my daughter 's 2nd birthday and it is great . Very durable and safe . It sits lower to the ground so I do n't have to stand right over her worrying if she is going to fall off . This swing set will be around for a long time !! You will need a drill to put together , but it only took my husband and a friend of his 1 hour and 10 minutes to put it together and this includes anchoring it to the ground ! A GREAT buy , you wo n't be disappointed .
 We bought our set 3 years ago when my son was 1 year old . We have had a great amount of use from it and it has held up very well . I am very please with the purchase . My son is now 4 and our daughter is 2 years old . They have both enjoyed it tremendously .
 I bought this set for my son who is 15 months old . I could n't fathom spending thousands of dollars on a deluxe wooden set for him at this age , and frankly , I would be worried about splinters , the height , etc. . I wanted something that he would be able to use now until he 's 4 or 5 years old that would n't cause me to have a heart attack if he were to ever lose his balance and fall . The variety climber was the answer . Although he will grow out of it much sooner than a wooden set , it is perfect for his beginning years . He loves both of the slides , and loves running across the bridge . The swing heights are great and adjustable -LRB- although I bought the coorisponding toddler swing that Little Tykes offer -RRB- . He is not able to climb up the rope ladder yet , but he can climb up onto the smallest platform ALONE , which is a big self-esteem booster for him.I put this together with my dad and it did take alot of time . You do need a drill -LRB- which I am not sure is mentioned in the instructions -RRB- and patience . The instructions are purely pictorial and a bit difficult but eventually , we got it . I definitely recommend this set for parents of kids who are walking and up . It is a great set , a good height , and seems to be great quality so far ! Little Tykes has yet to let my family down !
 We bought this set for our 16 month old daughter . She is a climber and loves to swing . The slides are perfect for her , she can climb up on the smaller platform by herself and slide down without any help . She loves the bridge and the pretend steering wheel . Putting it together was not too hard but you do need an electirc drill/screwdriver and it will take a few hours . A great buy !!!!!
 We purchased this climber for our 1 year old and modified it by also buying a bucket swing . It was easy to buiid and she loves to climb -LRB- with a lot of supervision right now -RRB- over the `` bridge '' and slide down . We know she will grow into the ropes and slide as she gets bigger . I recommend this toy ! It is plastic however , and the dogs try to chew at the slide .
 I can only give a limited review as to how fun this playset is since my son only received it last weekend and it 's been raining almost every day since . However , I can speak to how little fun it is for adults . It took 6 + hours to assemble , and three people , two of which were engineers . The person who posted the review that spoke how easily the set can be assembled in a few hours probably has a well paying job in the Little Tikes PR department and has never put one together.The directions were obviously made in China so there next to no verbal instructions . Instead you 're trying to decipher confusing diagrams that do n't clearly specify which part of which piece should be facing in which direction . So it is very easy to put some pieces together facing the wrong direction and not realize it until 3 or 4 steps later and then have to go back in reverse.Plus , these toys are designed to snap easily together and stay together , which is I suppose a good thing for durability . However , trying to separate parts that were incorrectly assembled is a war.The climber -LRB- and the swingset extension we purchased with it -RRB- hopefully will be worth it in the end . However , it 's a shame that a company such as Little Tikes does n't put more energy into its instructions , but I guess these companies figure once you purchase the items and take it out of the store , their job is done .
 We bought this set for our 16 month old daughter . She is a climber and loves to swing . The slides are perfect for her , she can climb up on the smaller platform by herself and slide down without any help . She loves the bridge and the pretend steering wheel . Putting it together was not too hard but you do need an electirc drill/screwdriver and it will take a few hours . A great buy !!!!!
 I purchased this item for my son for his 1st birthday . My husband and a friend put it together in about 2 hours and did n't seem to have any difficulty with it . We purchased two infant swings and replaced the big kid ones that came with this item as most of our friends have infants or toddlers so it seemed to make sense to have 2 infant swings available . My son was not much of a climber at 12 months old but did love the swings . He appeared to be afraid to slide down the slides as well . He is now 16 months old and is an expert climber lol . He loves to climb on his gym set and slides down his slides over and over and over again . He plays on this set often and can climb and slide independently now of course with mommy close by . This item is very sturdy and appears to be a perfect fit for him at his age . We looked into the more expensive wooden sets but they all seemed to be a bit too big for him at such a young age . I can see him getting plenty of use out of this item until he is about 6 years old at which time we plan on upgrading to a larger wooden set . It seemed to make sense to buy this as a beginner set because anything larger would be difficult for him to get as much use out of until he was a bit older . As with most larger items I recommend that you purchase it at your local toys r us or target because shipping on this item is very expensive . Buy this item in the store , save the money on shipping and use it to buy your infant attachment swings instead :0 -RRB-
 We bought this for our son when he was 2 years old and now he 's 5 and wo n't use any other swing set . I thought he would like a wooden one that was bigger , but he gets so much enjoyment from this one and it 's durable , was easy to assemble -LRB- even for my husband -RRB- and he gets hours of enjoyment from it . We did anchor it into the ground because I was afraid it would tip over as he got older , but it works just fine and we 're all happy , even mom !
 We spent so much time debating which kind of swingset/play system to buy for our then 18 month old son . We settled on this one and LOVE it ! What attracted us to it versus the bigger yard sets is that the climber is not too high . Our toddler can climb all over it and we do not have to worry about him falling off . If he does , it is only a short distance compared to if he were to fall off a bigger one and could be seriously hurt.The manufacturer reccomends this for a 3 year old ... webought it specifically for our 18 month old and it was perfect for him . He is now 2 and still loves it . There is definitely room for him to use it for a few more years until he is big enough for a big , wooden play system.The features ... 1 . comes with anchors to keep it in the ground2 . not hard to assemble3 . attractive looking4 . sturdy5 . not high !!! 6 . the bar that holds the swings is made of metaland is +6 foot high -- allows for plenty of funswinging as opposed to the swings made fortoddlers that have a limited range7 . we can have a baby swing and the `` big kid `` swing being used at the same time with roombetween the two swings -- great for familieswith a baby and a toddler/preschooler !
 I have been waiting for this set to go on sale at our local Toys-R-Us for a month . We bought it yesterday and to the surprise of my husband , I was able to put it together -LRB- not the swing arm though -RRB- in 1 1/2 hours with the help of the 12 year old neighbor girls.My 17 month old daughter absolutely loves it . She was trying to play on it before it was even fully assembled . She easily climbs onto the lower platform herself and is even able to climb up the rope ladder -LRB- though she ca n't climb down it -RRB- It is low enough to the ground that if she would accidentally fall off she should not sustain serious injury.We love that this is a jungle gym and swingset combined and hope that it will last her until around age 5 , when we plan on building a large wooden play structure.A tip though , you do need to drill THROUGH the plastic in many places , this is not explicitly mentioned in the instructions and I was hesitant to do so but it is necessary .
 I purchased this climber/swing for my 2 year old twin daughters -LRB- a couple years ago -RRB- . We have a large Cedar Works wooden play structure -LRB- highly recommended - no splinters ! -RRB- purchased for their older brother but I thought they would need a smaller transitional climber . I was wrong . They wanted to play with big brother so went right for the wood play structure . They all still use this occasionally -LRB- ages 3.75 , 3.75 and 7 now -RRB- but it is pretty small for them . I would suggest this for 1-3 year olds and only if they do n't have an older sibling and bigger play structure to entice them . It is low to the ground , providing easy access to a new walker . It went together quickly and relatively easily and has held up very well , even with a 7 year old climbing on the roof .
 I bought this swing set for my one and three year olds . My oldest LOVES to swing and I was able to put an infant swing on it instead of the one provided . Easy put together . Hardest part was the blue pole to hold the swings -LRB- my I suggest to use WD-40 to help the pole slide through the plastic -RRB- . We have had it for over a year and everyone still loves it and it is in GREAT shape . We will use it for years to come .
 I got this for my 18 month old son right after Christmas . Even though it recommends 2 people to put it together I tried to put the climber part together by myself and by some miracle I succeeded , but it did take me about 3 hours to do this . I could 've gotten it done quicker if I had n't put a couple of parts on backwards and had to fix them . Here 's a helpful hint for the climber , do n't close the blue covers until you are sure you have it on correctly and in the correct place . I wasted 5 of them because I had to back track . Fortunately the company gave me quite a few extras . Also , as someone else mentioned you WILL need a power drill to make holes in the plastic for the screws.As far as the swing set extension goes , there is no way one person could do that by themselves , it 's impossible . Some advice on that part would be to use a bar of soap and rub it all over the two metal poles that are supposed to go into each other above the climber . There was no way ours was moving if we had n't done that . It took my mother and me about 2.5 hours to get it complete.Also , you will most likely need a hammer and a block of wood to bang a few parts into place on both the climber and the swing extension.Overall , I am very pleased with my purchase and I know my son will get many years of use out of it .
 We just got this for our 18 month old . She just had a liver transplant and you could say that it is a `` guilt gift . '' The set up went VERY smooth until the last step . The poles -LRB- that the swings attach to -RRB- had a small dent where we were supposed to attach them - so it took a bit longer than anticipated . But all in all turned out great . She LOVES swinging on it , we did have to buy a toddler swing for her . And LOVES going down the slides .
 We bought this playset this week for our 16 month old son and he played on it for the first time tonight . He is short for his age and the smaller slide does not have any steps to aide kids in climbing up or down so he fell off and busted his lip . He loves the playset and as soon as we got the bleeding to stop , he got back on and began playing again , but I do feel that an optional step or two that could be snapped onto the smaller slide , since it is obviously for younger children , would have been a good idea .
 The skirt is fairly plastic as it looks but the top is wonderful fake fur and fake velvet , she is lovely her eyes Peridot , the picture on the cover of the case dose not do her justice but some of the other pictures of her on the site are much better .
 This little astronaut is n't very big , but it has nice detail and my daughter -LRB- who loves anything space themed -RRB- plays with it a lot . I used it on her birthday cake !
 I purchased this astronaut to use on my son 's 1st birthday cake . It turned out to be the perfect addition to the cake . The figure is very small , measuring about 2.75 inches but he actually appears a little smaller . My boys love playing with the figure . Very cute and very sturdy !
 This astronaut is about 2 1/2 inches tall . This Apollo Astronaut is very detailed . The life support system has accurate markings and details such as the american flag on the 30 minute emergency oxygen , heating , and cooling system . The hole overall EVA suit has nice detail . And I am recommending you should get this Mini Apollo Astronaut .
 Very happy to have bought this especially since Neal Armstrong is now gone . The little well-made figurine reminds me of one of my two all-time heros -LRB- John Glenn being the other -RRB- and those days when America had vision `` That is one small step for man , one giant leap for mankind . '' God speed !
 If you like to listen to music , it 's a great alternative to standard speakers with the added bonus of tinkering around with your own tunes .
 I love iz . I would suggest this toy for ALL ages . It 's really good when you plug your ipod/cd/mp3 / radio into it . I like when it makes the farting noises and burps . I think you should hurry up and buy one yourself . This toy will be very hot in the future because everyone will love its sounds .
 My 12 yr . old received this for Christmas . It 's a pretty cool toy , but a bit obnoxious in a funny way . My son really like it though.I do n't think I would pay the $ 40 for it ... I got it on special at Toys R Us for $ 19.99 .
 I bought a Zizzle iZ for -LSB- ... -RSB- at Target . I thought it would be so cool and it is but there is one thing that I do n't like about it . iZ talks when you play your music . He 's makes comments on it . I think you should just buy one of these instead of spending hundreds of dollars on normal speakers .
 Hi I 'm an 11 year old girl and my sister is the 7 year old girl with brown hair on the box of this toy ! She wants it for christmas . But I do n't now why I mean what does it do?Just make sound ??? Or sit there ??? Am I just not understanding ??????????????????????
 Holds more weight than most armbands and has dual chambers . Made it easier to deflate casually as my daughter learned how to keep her self floating more . Of course if you over inflate or have a cement deck they will split or get holes but over the course of 4 summers I only purchased 6 pairs . I would consider that a pretty good track record for the extended swimming season we have here .
 I bought this for an international flight - my son was 18 months and into vehicles of all types . I wanted something that would hold his attention but did n't have a bunch of loose parts I 'd have to pick up off the floor . This was perfect . I actually keep it in reserve , as a special `` bribe '' toy he does n't get to play with every day . It 's really got staying power , too . It came out at our halloween party this weekend , and my friend 's six year old played with it for 20 minutes , making up elaborate stories for why the vehicles were going to each of the destinations . I would buy this again , but it 's so durable I am pretty sure I 'll never have to .
 This wooden maze puzzle is a good exercise in problem solving . The child has to figure out how to move various vehicles out of the path of other vehicles in order to take each car , truck , ambulance , etc. to its home . My school kids enjoy using this puzzle because it is different from the puzzles they typically complete .
 I thought this puzzle looked really neat so I ordered it for my son . I had seen it before in the store and he even played with it . Well , he does n't seem to think it 's as cool as I do . He gets frustrated that the trucks do not come off the board . I , on the other hand , like that since I do n't have to worry about missing pieces . I think he might just be a little young yet for this , but I think he 'll end up liking it when he 's closer to 3 years old . I think its a great idea/activity , especially for the long car rides !
 Our son loves vehicles , and got this puzzle when he was around 2 years old . He was frustrated because he could not easily slide the vehicles around the track -LRB- takes some dexterity to go around the right angles -RRB- and by the fact that the vehicles do not come off . So he completely lost interest and it sat unused for a year . Now , though , at 3 1/2 years , he loves it and plays with it independently , multiple times a day -- he can slide the vehicles around , and he will spend lots of time making up stories about where the vehicles are going and what they are doing at the different locations . It seems durable and well constructed .
 Although it took a long time to receive this puzzle , it was worth the wait . My kids love trying to figure out how to maneuver the vehicles to get them to a building . I would recommend this for children over 2 . It takes a lot of fine motor coordination to move the vehicles .
 My two year old grandson played with this for 8 straight hours while on a roadtrip . No loose pieces . Great
 We bought this and the farm one like it for a long road trip -LRB- because we did n't want to have to pick up or lose missing pieces along the way -RRB- , and my three-year-old loved it . Even better , 12 month old loved it too , and I had expected it to be a little too advanced for him . Now , four months later , it barely looks used and it still gets lots o ' loving !
 I really like the idea of this puzzle and it is very durable , but my kids -LRB- 4 & 2.5 -RRB- who love anything with a motor were not that into it . I hope they will be more interested as they get older !
 What a fun puzzle . It has endured rough use from my 3 children and it has held up well . Good for motor skills .
 I bought this for my 2 year old grandson , and before his party was over , he and another 2 year old were `` fighting '' over it . The older kids wanted a try at it as well . Well made as usual for Doug and Melissa toys . This would be a hit for any child who loves cars and trucks as much as mine does .
 I have 7 grandchildren , of which four are under 5 years old . I have been buying Doug and Melissa toys for them for years , and have never given one that they did n't thoroughly enjoy . Great products !
 I bought this for my grandson . He does n't quite understand how to work it but I think he will when he gets alittle bit older . I like all Melissa and Doug toys . They are well made , educational and fun .
 The only thing bad about this maze puzzle is that my girls -LRB- ages 1 and 3 -RRB- fight over it ! I like that it uses the same skills that they would use to solve a puzzle , but presents new challenges , and incorporates some pretend play -LRB- the school bus travels from home to school ; the grocery truck picks up the grocery and delivers them to the house -RRB- .
 We had this delivered by Amazon.com to our 2 year old grandson for his birthday . His mom rated it for us based on his reaction as well as that of his 3 year old brother .
 Cool puzzle !!! Pieces do not come off they learn to use their motor skills push the cars and learn where the cars go !! Son , Toddler , looooooooves it !!!
 wonderful design . our grandsons love it . and their mom loves it as no pieces to pick up . very well built -- and built in the usa !
 the toy was recommended to me , and I 'm glad we got it , because my son loves it , plays with it all the time . excellent product from melissa and doug .
 i wish that they made more puzzles like this , i loved it because you can not loose the pieces great work melissa and doug
 Love that there are no pieces to lose ... makes it great for travel ! My toddler likes it and my preschooler , who hates puzzles and cars , really likes it . I highly recommend this ... I also have the farm maze and the magnetic color maze and magnetic number maze and love them all .
 My kids ages 2-8 have loved playing with this . Honestly , I do n't understand it . I ca n't see what would be so fun about moving pieces around a puzzle . Though I would even find myself unable to control the temptation to move them back to the correct spot ... obsessive compulsive . . who knows ?? :o-RRB- It has held up well for about 6 months of play and still looks great . They have to learn to move cars out of the way to get them to new spots . Very good for thinking and planning . Great manipulation and crossover brain work -LRB- when hands cross the center part of the body -RRB- for a hand to move a car across the board . This type of puzzle comes in many styles . You can find one to fit your child 's personality .
 These box cars are a great addition to any setup . They are well weighted and are reliable . Enjoy them on a beginner set up or advanced .
 After browsing several different `` Last Supper '' puzzles , I decided to purchase the Sunsout 500-piece one . I had already decided on a 500-piece puzzle which is the perfect size to challenge me and yet not so easy that it bores me . I worked on it by myself an average of a half hour at a time several days a week and finished it within two weeks , maybe sooner . This was about the amount of time I wanted to spend on a puzzle , as I did have other projects lined up to do . I was very satisfied with the puzzle quality , the shapes of the pieces , and the finished picture itself and found no idiosyncracies to complain about . I only hope I will be able to find an appropriate-sized frame for it , as I would like to hang it up .
 My 10 year old nephew and I did this puzzle in one afternoon . It was great for teaching him about the Last Supper , but I was a bit disappointed that this puzzle does not depict the Da Vinci painting .
 Easily put together . I glued this puzzle , backed it and built a frame for it . Then I gave it to a Christian family to display on their wall . All were elated with it .
 It is super . Person I purchased it for loves it . Challenging but not overwhelming ; however , not recommended for younger age groups -LRB- less than 12 yrs old -RRB-
 What can one say about a 500 piece puzzle ? It 's a good educational tool for little Christians to glue with puzzle glue after putting together and nailing to their bedroom wall .
 Very cute toy ... Really cool to give to a child and slowly initiate them into the joys of Gaming !
 This review is for my purchase from Amazon Market Place and Sharaton Creeper . They provided the best price and the delivery time was as promised.I will purchase from the both in the future . I recommend anyone give them a try!Daniel R. Coffman `` D ''
 THis batman figure is awesome . I fits in my T.V. controlled batmobile with ease . I would recommend this batman figure over any other batman toy .
 I was most impressed with how well it rolled on any surface.The missles shot good but were harmless.Fun toy for any kid who likes batman .
 I got this rocket for my -LSB- ... -RSB- boy . He loves the book `` On The Moon '' which features a Saturn V Rocket -LRB- or a close approximation -RRB- , so I bought him this one to go with the story . He loves it . Carries it around everywhere . It is made of hard vinyl and/or rubber . The paint is just now starting to come off , but that is just from his constant grip . Great product .
 Well it does n't do anything , but it 's not supposed to ! It 's heavy , seems to be metal or solid heavy plastic , but it 's covered in a hard rubber-like material that is durable and softer than I thought it would be . The pointy top is rubber-like too . The detail is very good and is quite realistic , but the paint could be a bit better .
 My son is interested in rockets , and we picked this up a a local museum gift shop . It 's a good toy for a toddler . Unlike other Saturn V models , this is a single solid piece - no detachable stages or easily breakable plastic parts . For him , it is a good toy . We built a launch pad using Lego bricks.If you are interested in a more detailed and accurate model of the Saturn V for display , look elsewhere . This is a good toy , but lacks any detail of the painting scheme , Apollo Command Module , and Service Module sections .
 My grandson loves anything to do with space . This rocket very durable and I know he will love playing with it .
 My two year old son received the Submarine with Diver for a gift . He loved playing in the tub with it until I realized that the blue section of the boat collects water and is impossible to open up to drain and keep clean . Now , my 11 month old plays with the diver and blue boat out of the tub and we keep the yellow section of the boat in the tub to hold other small toys . If the water could be drained , this toy would be lots of fun .
 This toy is the best figure to buy with the Batmobile . It has coooooool armor and even a shild !! Most of the armor can fit in the Batmobile unlike other figures .
 A fun toy for kids.I have alot of batman toys but it is the least durable of all of them.I droped it on my table while opening it and the knee protecter broke off.Overall great toy .
 I got this toy for my birthday and it is so cool ! My cousin and I played together all day . I had the Bat Bot and he had the villan Bane . I used my batmobile to chase him . It was so fun .
 The cash registar was a hit all my Grandkids love to play stor with it , I would suggest it to anyone
 THis was a great purchase . However , it is a bit small . I did n't know that at the time because i did n't physically see the cash register . I only saw it online and it looks bigger than it really is . My kids love it but it is rather small and it does n't add or subtract for you so do n't expect them to use it as a calculator .
 My 6 month old loves this toy ! He looks so cute driving too . We connect it to his high chair and he entertains himself for quite a while .
 i bought it because my son loves sitting in the driver 's seat when the car is parked.we attacked it in the bath tub wall and now he cant wait to till bath time . he gets so excited he dances when we say ` bath time ` he stays in the bath tub for nearly half an hour playing with the toy , making noises with his lips , honking ... etcdefinitely 5 star toy .
 This item arrived quickly and was exactly what I ordered . It was a gift for my grandson and he loved it . We all played with it for hours on Christmas day and everyone enjoyed the game . Thanks
 When I opened this gift on Christmas day , I wanted to play it . We played this great game and never got bored for hours . I recommend this to baseball lovers who understand the game .
 I gave this toy to my 18 mo. old grandson . I do n't think I have ever heard him laugh so hard . When that clown poped up he just started laughing and jumping up and down . This toy is priceless . He carries it every where with him . He like that he can turn the handle himself . What a great toy !
 The toy is cute and fun and my daughter loved it , but unfortunately it stoped working for no apparent reason after a few weeks -- Jack became stuck and no longer popped up .
 I bought this for my one year old for Christmas and he has n`t put it down since ! Great fun to play peek a boo with .
 My son is 13 months and plays with it lots . He cant turn it to make jack pop yet but he still enjoys the other features -LRB- horn to beep , mirror on bottom and toy to turn -RRB-
 I bought this toy USED for my son when he was one year old ; it was in perfect working condition . He loved the surprise of the clown popping out of the box ! He also peeked at himself in the mirror , `` beeped '' the horn , and spun the clicking star . The handle made it easy for him to pick up and bring to us when he wanted to see the clown pop out . Now , he is two , and it is still a big hit because he is finally able to operate the entire toy by himself . It has been over a year since we bought it -LRB- second hand ! -RRB- , and it is still in perfect working condition . I would recommend this to any mom who is looking for a first jack in the box for her baby or toddler -- the most ideal time to teach cause and effect .
 Babies like to pick things up ... then they throw them . This jack-in-the-box is just about the right size for a baby to have fun . I always feel anxious when she drops it on her leg or foot , but she never gets injured . The face is n't threatening and the crank is easy to turn . My daughter likes the button on the back that squeaks . The star on the front makes a ratcheting sound and there is a mirror on the bottom .
 Even though This Old Man is a weird song for a jack-in-the-box , it is a great toy . For younger children -LRB- 6mos-11mos -RRB- this toy is n't as intense as the metal jack-in-the-boxes . It is also a great teaching tool as they learn to push down his hat . Has provided great smiles since Christmas .
 After serching high and low for this brand of toys -LRB- TOLO -RRB- I found them . My son loves the jack-in-the-box and other Tolo toys -LRB- puppy , cars , planes and people -RRB- . These are durable and they also can click with each turn . Toys R US please bring this international toy to your stores . I love them as a parent and my son loves/plays with them for hours .
 We have had metal ones in the past and have always had a hard time wrestling the clown back in his box after he popped up . The top of the Tolo one is so easy that even my almost-2-year-old can do it with ease . It is fun , bright , and makes her smile . My only question is why does it play `` This Old Man '' instead of the usual `` Pop Goes the Weasel ? '' Whatever song it plays , it is a great toy .
 Although this is a beautiful , durable toy , I have never seen a jack in the box that does n't play pop goes the weasel - this plays `` this old man '' - what were they thinking !!!???
 We bought this toy because we thought it would be a fun way for our daughter to learn shapes because she loves music . With conventional shape sorters , kids tend to just dump the shapes out or open the hatch and dump them in . Our daughter tended to get very frustrated as well ! With this toy , once you put a shape in its cavity , you can press the animal to hear a lovely song or an animal noise . She adores it . The shapes are little mini rattles too that make a nice sound when you shake them . Our daughter learned how to turn the toy on and off and would say `` off '' when she turned it off . We bought this around the time our daughter started walking , and she loved toting it around with the convenient handle as well . The only negative is that your child may learn to press the small buttons behind each shape to get the music or noises without putting the shapes in .
 It is always a challenge to find a toy that will interest my 12 month old for more than a couple of minutes . With this musical shape sorter I believe we have finally found something that is more interesting to him that the electrical socket or the phone cord . It is just the right size for him to hold and carry and durable enough to survive being thrown down the stairs . The shapes stay in their places well and the realistic animal sounds are a nice change from the ordinary toys . I love the activity center on the back because it 's like having two toys in one . I would definitely recommend this toy !
 My mom bought this toy for my 13 month old daughter . She absolutely LOVES it ! She loves pushing the animals to hear the sounds they make , taking the shapes out and shaking them -LRB- they rattle -RRB- , and turning it over to play with the items on the other side . It entertains her for a good 30 minutes , which is quite long for a 13 month old . I read that some people were not as impressed with it , but I have not had 1 problem . I would recommend this toy to everyone !
 My son is 15 months now and has played with this toy for several months . It has helped teach him animal names and sounds , and he enjoys the music it plays . He also likes the shape sorting , as well as the activities on the other side -LRB- a clicking wheel , etc. -RRB- . We take this toy with us on trips because it provides good entertainment value for its size .
 My 18-month old son has had this toy since he was 6 months old . He enjoyed looking at it and pressing the buttons when he was smaller , but really appreciates it on many levels now that he is older . He loves to remove the animal shape buttons and carry them around , to press the buttons and hear the music , to fit the buttons back where they belong , and to switch the toggle button to hear animal noises . He also likes the portability of this toy and the fun little handle . He has thrown it around a fair amount and it has held up perfectly . This is a fun toy that grows with babies to toddlers and helps teach them about shapes , animals , colors , sounds , and spacial relationships .
 She got this toy for her birthday and just loves it . It keeps her occupied the whole time while I am getting ready for work . Her favorite side is the shapes . She will take them out and put them back in over and over again . When she pushes on the shape she will wiggle and bob her head to the music . A good value for the price .
 The cards are great . They came on time and they where in perfect condition . The package had not bean tuched and the decks where great ! The box consist of two decks each forty cards . I believe that one deck is white and green , and the other is black red and blue . Together the decks make a wonderful rainbow deck as long as you tweak it a little .
 I have been looking for a toy small enough to travel but entertains for an extended period of time . I purchased this toy for my 9 month old who immediately loved it and played with it for about an hour . He has his favorite pieces already and by flipping/rotating the cube I can update the current side he 's interested in or change it altogether . What a treasure for both mommy and baby .
 This is a well made , educational , bright , strong toy . Great value for the price . A good toy for developing motor skills , my 8 month old loves it .
 Our baby loves this toy . He plays with it for long periods of time . It 's particularly good for a quiet-time activity or in the car seat . We first gave it to him at 6 months . He 's 12 months now and still enjoys it .
 Got this for my son around 8 months . He has never been in love with it , but it provides reliable distraction on a fairly regular basis . I most use this in the car with my son , and he likes it more there since he is strapped in and sort of forced to focus on it -LRB- when he 's not strapped in , he 's crawling all over and gets bored by stuff like this -RRB- . The quality is excellent .
 Wilton continues to be the gold standard of cake decorating supplies . Unlike plain , smooth white separators , the scalloped edges make it a lot prettier , esp . if you have matching separators in diff sizes for the diff layers . I like using the Roman column pillars in between -LRB- you have to get the Wilton ones in order to make them fit well -RRB- . I did have to go online to get tips & directions on how to use the separators w / the pillars but stacking them that way makes for very impressive looking cakes for any occasion , with or without much color or fancy piping .
 it was the exact product that i wanted and it arrived on time i could use for the reason i buy it
 I loved this product . It took part in the wedding cake I made for my daughter 's wedding . I am looking forward to using again soon . I 'd put up a picture but I 'm not sure I can . Sorry .
 I already have the larger size and just needed a smaller one . Great for serving cakes , just put foil or wax paper on top . when not in use I use it on my counter to hold my salt , pepper , sugar etc. . I put a colored round place mat on top . Change mat color to match the holidays
 I bought this toy as a back up for one given us by a friend.Every child is different but ours loves the music , which is , `` Its a Small World '' without the refrain.The original toy I have , I had to open up and grease the gears.The new one could have some bolts tightend to eliminate a loose resonance in the music but anybody with a screwdriver can fix one of these .
 This Tolo activity TV is great . Wind up toys are so nice , not needing batteries to replace . Very cute scenery and music .
 My son received this as a Christmas gift when he was 2 1/2 months old . Now 5 months , he 's still a little too young to execute the movement , but the `` press the button , then ponies go ` round '' concept continues to fascinate him . It sits on the top shelf of his bookcase and after a traumatic diaper change , we walk over and spin the ponies ... crying bout ends !
 This toy is just great . It is n't loud , is sturdy , and is more interesting than similar toys that just have spinning balls inside . My baby loves it .
 My son is five months old and this is one of his favorite toys . When he gets fussy we can hit the button and the sounds of the ponies spinning around instantly quiets him . He loves watching the ponies and the design is simple enough that he is even starting to push the button himself . Everyone that sees this toy in our living room talks about how pretty it is -LRB- it is much prettier in person than the picture makes it look -RRB- and how well it is made . I am pretty sure this is a toy that our son 's children will be playing with .
 For some reason I thought the horses rocked back and forth but they do n't . It 's still a nice toy and better quality than what you find from the big brands out there . What I like is the top button is really sensitive so it 's easy for small babies to push and get immediate gratification which is important when learning cause and effect .
 I bought this for my 4 month old , he likes to watch it , but I was very surprised by how much my three year old likes it ! She plays with it a lot and likes experimenting with the different speeds that she can make them spin . So , this is a toy that will probably be enjoyed for a long time!This is also really cute , so it even makes a nice decoration in a child 's room and would make a nice baby shower gift.The toy appears to be very durable . I would HIGHLY recommend it !
 I do n't think you can break this toy . My son loves it but tosses it all over the place . I did n't think he would like it since it did n't require batteries ... but I 've bought a Tolo toy before and I 've seen other Tolo toys and have n't ever had a complaint about them .
 This is my 1 year old Granddaughter 's favorite toy . She goes nowhere without her beloved `` Cow '' . It soft and cuddley yet has stood up to day in and out handling . The tail has suffered a little fuzz-loss during teething but it 's still intact . Although the feet feel like a bean bag chair no stuffing has escaped . People comment on it a lot - it 's a much more interesting toy then a Teddy Bear .
 This toy is by far our favorite ! I do n't know how many hours total our son has spent hammering the balls and then watching them go through the maze . Sometimes he uses the hammer , sometimes he just pounds them with his hand . The hammer is n't that hard , so when he does decide to hammer Dad 's head , it does n't hurt that much :--RRB- If your child is less than 1 , it will take a few days playing with the toy before he/she masters it and pounds the balls with confidence -LRB- they LEARN the toy -RRB- . If we had 1 toy to take with us on a trip , this would definitely be the one . Highly recommend .
 I work with children from infants to 5 years old . It is a excellent toy for toddlers.It helps their eye and hand coordination and they love watching the balls go down and come out . It keeps their attention for long periods of time . It helps older children learn colors and cause and effect . The children I worked with ejoyed it so much I am now buying it for my granddaughter .
 My daughter received this toy for her 1st birthday . She loved to just push the balls through any hole with her hands . A few months later she was able to bang the balls in using the hammer . When she was 2 she was very serious about matching the ball colors with the hole colors . Now at age 3 she puts other balls in -LRB- eg . golf balls -RRB- and uses the hammer for other pretend ` fixing ' . My only complaint has been keeping the balls together with the toy -LRB- near impossible -RRB- but she does n't mind too much . -LRB- Keeping these parts together has proven not half as difficult as keeping all of the barbie clothes or puzzle pieces together as my daughter 's toys get more complex . -RRB-
 My 18-month old has been playing with this for three months now and just loves it . She even knows now which color balls goes in the correct slot . She whacks them all in , puts the balls back , and keeps doing this over and over and over .
 My 16 months old daughter absolutely loved this toy . But we had the same problem as the next reviewer . My daughter lost all the balls that came with this toy in two months . She loved this toy so much that even now she gets the toy out , and pounds the remaining plastic case with the big hammer.If you are ordering this toy , keep an eye on the colored balls . As for me , I am ordering a new one .
 I bought this for my son 's second Christmas ; he was almost 2 . It was a recommendation of one of my parenting magazines and I had to hunt it down 3 years ago . He loved pounding the balls and he even could match the color of the ball to the color of the hole ! He still plays with it and I will be buying his baby brother one when he 's big enough .
 My 2 year old grandson loves balls of any kind , when I found this activity set I knew he would really enjoy it , he plays with it for hours . The only downside of this is that he can not keep up with the balls . It would be great if this company would give parents , or grandparents an order form to get replacement balls to give this fun toy longer life .
 Overall , a good product . However , after only a couple of weeks of mild use , it started misfiring some times
 I bought both this set and the Melissa and Doug set for my daughter for Christmas . The Melissa and Doug set takes a little wiggling to work and is sometimes very very quiet . This set seems to work everytime you bring the right pieces together and you can actually hear the animal sounds loud and clear .
 I bought this for my 1 1/2 - year-old nephew , who kept playing with it . I remember when my kids were little - they loved it as well and wanted to play with it all the time . The combination of brightly colorful photos and the pure glee the kids express when they correctly match the picture halves makes this an excellent toy !
 I purchased this toy for my granddaughters who were 18 months at the time . They are very destructive on toys and really did n't expect this to last very long in their very destructive hands . I went for a visit last week and they are still playing with this toy and now sharing it with their 5 month old brother . It makes sounds when you put two correct sides together and they love the noise it makes . I have purchased toys for them before from Walmart and local stores but they usually end up breaking within a month of purchase . This has held up amazingly well and the stickers on the sides have not released or peeled away even after being left in the rain or slid across the floor . I am very happy with this purchase and look forward to many years of use by my grandchildren .
 I got this gift for my one year old niece . The noises the blocks make encourage her to try and find the right match . Good size for little hands . She loves it !
 I love this item ! It occupies the top shelf of my `` sci-fi shrine '' next to my tiny Star Trek models .
 My son got this for his 4th birthday as a little extra something to go with a stomp rocket he got . It is very small and perfect to fly around the house , land anywhere and not take up too much space when he 's done playing with it ! He loves to count down to launch and then blast off and fly all over the house ! Good stuff .
 This very small rubber rocket was the perfect gift for our Apollo and Saturn V obsessed three and half year old . He built a little launch pad for it out of Legos and pretends to launch the Saturn V to the moon . I suppose it could be a bit larger , but our kid seems not to care .
 this tape was a gift for my grandson , he loves it . it seemed to be sturdy and he had no problem useing it .
 This amazing little , live bean , the size of your fingernail , has been entertaining and fascinating both young and old alike for more than 50 years , proof enough that they are harmless , yet entertaining natural wonders . It is a member of the TORTRICADAE family . This family is somewhat of a curiosity . A moth , of the Genus and Species Larva , TINEOIDEA / LASPEYRESIA SALTITANS lays its egg in the flower tree called EUPHORBIACEAE SEBASTIANA PAVONIANA , found only in Mexico . The flower then forms a seedpod around the moth egg . This seedpod serves as a temporary home for `` JUMPING BEANDITO '' . When the early May rains start , the seedpod matures , splits into three parts and falls to the ground . The egg turns into a caterpillar , which then consumes the seed inside . The jumping movements are the caterpillar 's movements to get to the edible seed . Eventually , the caterpillar will spin a silk cocoon , which causes more jumping . It will then go dormant for a short time . It is not dead . Instead , it is going through metamorphosis . It will turn into a tiny , harmless moth that does not pose any danger to clothes , plants or humans . When it is ready , it will bore a tiny hole in the seedpod and fly away .
 My order was delivered promptly ; but , we were experiencing extremely cold weather and most were dead . I contacted Bravo and they immediately sent more . Great people to work with ! My Mom is having a ball with them !
 Purchased these as a stocking stuffer for the two grandchildren , ages 4 & 7 . They had great fun playing with them .
 Have n't seen jumping beans since I was a kid . I got them for my sister-in-law who had never seen them before . The paper that came with them explains exactly what they are and why they move which is very interesting . They 're fun to watch !
 Awesome - just like when I was a kid . Thanks to this I won a bet with my Mexican wife LOLFor those of you who dont know - place in sun
 `` Ravnica '' block is my favorite . In this block , Wizards started to pay attention to multicolored decks with interactions between differently colored spells . Thay are not very fast though - it is not unexpected to lose through deck exhaustion -LRB- especially if playing against `` Dimir Intrigues '' -RRB- . Frankly , I think that Wizards are killing the game by accelerating the play more and more in more recent editions - such acceleration brings too much randomness into the game .
 My daughter got 99 out of 100 on her 3rd grade multiplication test ! I fully credit this learning tool . She loved using it for studying and I believe it helped her over some of her stumbling blocks . I loaned it to my fifth grade son 's math teacher . She wanted to try it on some of her students . I highly recommend !
 Nice little toy to get kids interested in math . Alot more fun than flash cards !
 this came in right on time with no problems great there . i remember having this as a kid and couldnt find any in the local stores so when my son started struggling with his math facts i went searching for this toy even tho i didnt even no its name . great thing to help your child definately pick one up .
 I thought there would be more light behind the buttons you press for the answers . Kind of hard to see the answers but the kids are using it so I guess it works and does keep their interest .
 I had the same type of board when I was learning multiplication and now my 8 year old son is using it . It helps him get faster at the facts and he loves that he can do it anywhere - car , dr office , etc. .
 Product was exactly as described . Delivery was quick . Would recommend this seller to anyone .
 As a child , this tool was the only way I could learn my multiplication tables . Not all of us can learn by rote memorization . I bought one for my nieces and nephew .
 My husband had these as a kid . If you push the buttons down , the answer becomes visable through the plastic . Durable and great for our kids to practice math with .
 had one as a kid , now my kids can use it , no batteries and silent in the cargreat . easy to share
 My kids use it every day to practice learning facts ! I would suggest ordering one for each child , mine fight over it .
 It works . It is slightly difficult to see the answers , but it has helped my children with their math facts , which was the goal .
 I do n't understand the bad reviews ! I almost did n't buy this because of them but my son is having such a hard time memorizing his multiplication table I had to try . Thank God I did ! Just as I remembered it as a child and he loves it ! Have good lighting to read the answer . Some people have wrote reviews and switched the buttons . SHAME ON YOU . A great product and my son learned his 7 's last night !! Even slept with it and took it to school today !
 I set this on the kitchen table for my 3rd grader , along with the addition/subtraction version for my younger daughter in kindergarten . Every morning they have fun taking turns quizzing each other . Seriously , they actually have fun with this every morning ! Maybe it 's the competition of being able to answer as many right as possible , maybe it 's fun for them to push the buttons , I do n't know why and I do n't care . All I care about , is that they are having fun learning their math facts at breakfast ! By the way , dont believe the other reviews that say you ca n't see the answer when you push the buttons . I can not believe people are actually having trouble seeing the answers ! Either they need glasses , or they have the strength of my one year old who can only push the buttons half-way .
 I love a learning toy for the kids that does n't require batteries ! There 's nothing to maintain , or break . I bought it for my 9 year old to solidify his knowledge of his multiplication facts , and as an added bonus my 7 year old is learning some too . Just a good toy to have around ; it 's a great visual . The fact that you have to press down on the key to see the solution underneath gives them a chance to think of the answer first instead of just reading a printed times table . Definitely satisfied .
 When i first found this toy i expect it was run by battery , and light will turn on when press down buttons , but i was thinking too much.This was not run by battery and without lights , numbers are quite hard to read for adults -LRB- our fingers are big -RRB- , but the kids still like this , specially for the kids who like numbers.i only give 3 stars for durable as one of the button did n't come up properly after the kids press the button for few times , but the rest quality looks good . Suggestion
 Good product that been around for years , I learned off this tool when I was a kid and know my multiplication by heart thanks to this and I am 31 years old 9x9 = and I know with out thinking its 81 for example no need to count in my head , this is about rememorization of numbers . Just now days kids want everything electronic so it may be tuff for some kids to learn off , like my 10 year old daughter .
 I bought this to help my grandchildren learn to multiply better . I hope it works . It will if they actually use it . It shows a problem and when you press the key it will give you the answer . The idea is to guess the answer before you push the button . I 'm crossing my fingers that it will help and that they will have fun using it .
 My nephew which just finished first grade is really excited about this toy . He learns his multiplication very quickly with this . I 'm very satisfied with this product and I would recommend it to anyone .
 this item is the best thing i bought . now i dont have to walk to get my car going again with this reverse module it makes life alot easier and more enjoyable playing with my rc truck . i have it installed on my hpi savage 5.9 4x4 monster truck . thanks amazon
 This is a toy that the 4 year old loves and plays with a lot . It has no moving parts and nothing he can take off the vehicle -LRB- he likes to remove the wheels and tractor treads from his vehicles -RRB- . It is made of a rubberized plastic , but in my house that is not a problem . I prefer toys that allow the child to use his/her imagination and in my household this fits the bill perfectly . The quality of the toy was not an issue . There are more than enough details painted/stenciled on the shuttle to make it look realistic . This is our second shuttle . The first shuttle got destroyed when the puppy got a hold of it and used it for a chew toy . So my only warning would be not to let the dogs get hold of it . It is made in China .
 This is a great lunchbox with lots of space and easy to clean . The graphics on the front are colorful and nice too . I would recommend .
 I thought that it was really cool to put together and I cantalk to my friends all night long !
 I purchased this for my 14 year old cousin who has a great interest in art and drawing . He opened it and used it immediately . This is something that will be with him for years to come . A great investment !
 This was a present for someone very special , and she loved it . So far she has played with it and seems very durable . I do not no if someone with certain allergies may be sensitive to the material , but I guess not since this is designed for small kids . I think this is a great gift and it wo n't dissapoint you .
 This charming fellow consists of soft yet solid material . The small parts - tag , eyes , ears and feet - are so tightly stitched that small children would have a hard time trying to bite them off . The choking hazard is thus almost reduced to zero . Nevertheless one should give him to children over 6 to play with , just to be on the safe side.Grown-ups will succumb to chibi Totoro 's charms too . Especially as he is very easy to keep clean
 Great gift for the kids collection on man 's space flight . Great price and fast deliverly . thanks .
 I ordered this gift for two of my nieces for Christmas . As soon as they opened them , they wanted to jump right in ! After they roped me in to help , we had a ton of fun dying the yarn ! As promised , i returned the next day to help them start knitting the scarf once the yarn was dry . My birthday 's coming up soon and my niece told me to expect something homemade ;-RRB- * wink
 This was a gift for a `` mature '' three-and-a-half-year-old boy with a very active imagination and a passionate enthusiasm for all things pirate . He loves pirate adventure books and already had many of these stories in his head before receiving this Playmobil set.The set includes enough accouterments to keep this young child entertained for a relatively long time . Some of the smaller , `` precious '' pieces of the set have allowed him to grow into a more conscientious toy owner , as he actually takes the time to put away these parts safely.I look forward to adding to his collection with other Playmobil sets . I hope that his love for the pirate theme lasts a few more years , when I think the more intricate Playmobil Pirate Ship will be better age appropriate .
 My son has played with this for years and at age 8 has yet to tire of it.Even his friends still come over to play with this and the other Playmobil sets.Builds great imaginations !!
 I bought this for my 4-yr old but it seems that my 7-yr old plays with it more . Unfortunately they fight over the who gets to be Capt Hook . It is very fun . I bought two of the kits so they would have more pieces to play with . I wish I had bought the ship also .
 I purchased this for my nephew and my father assembled it . He complained that the toy was difficult to put together due to screws not fitting well and predrilled holes not accurately cut . My nephew loves it and my sister likes the looks of it . He loves the moving parts ! I would advise that you assemble it for the child before giving so they do n't have to wait !
 Differing from many reviews , I thought this was a great product . All of the screw holes that I had were aligned . Some of the screw holes were smaller , but I feel that was intended -- holes for wood screws are typically drilled smaller so that the screw has something to grip . This was put together with a 3 year old and we had a blast . It took muscle , but he was able to drive the screws in . Now he has a fully assembled toy .
 Despite the other reviews , I decided to purchase this fire truck and assemble it . All the holes matched up perfectly for me . The total assembly time for me was 1 hour and 45 minutes , so you will want to set aside some time for assembly . The directions were clear , and the task is no more difficult than you might encounter assembling furniture kits . I think my assembly time could have been less , but I also glued the pieces together , which according to the box is not required.The directions had color pictures for each step . I do think there is an error in the step in which you attach the bucket , as they tell you to put the rubber washer on the outside of the bucket , but if you want the bucket to hold its position -LRB- as shown on the box -RRB- you need to place it inside , next to one of the plastic washers.I had previously assembled theMelissa & Doug Deluxe Wooden Mighty Builder Garbage Truck . It seems to get better reviews than this fire truck . I think one of the reasons may be that the garbage truck is a bit easier to play with and more accessible to a young child . The string and spools that control the fire truck ladder are a bit more difficult to operate , since you need to push the spool in to lock the ladder in an upright position .
 Yes , this kit is hard to put together . But my kids loved helping screwing it together , and they really felt ownership of the final project . It is a fun project that turns into a fun toy ... win / win .
 My six year old son and I had a good time building this fire engine and it went together very well . All of the pre-drilled holes lined up and the finished product looks great . My son is having a fun time playing with the ladder going up and down and the wheels roll wonderfully . I would recommend this toy for any parent who has a hands on child .
 My son loves this gift ! I thought it would be something he and and his father could do together . Easy enough for a five year old to do on his own with supervision
 My son actually discovered his love of building and &#34; tinkering &#34; with this toy . I never knew how much he would love using a screwdriver and a hammer until I watched him ENDLESSLY put this together until it was done . It was a nice way to keep him occupied for a few hours . Got him the trash truck and race car , too !
 I bought this for my 6 year old grandson last Christmas . He and his stepdad assembled it together Christmas afternoon ; it was a great opportunity for them to share in a project . It went together perfectly ; looked and moved great . Ten months later , my grandson still plays with it when he comes over . It looks great in the toy corner and our guests ask about it . I 'm looking for another one that they can assemble together this Christmas . I 've saved many of my children 's toys over the years ... this one will be treasured for a long time .
 My son received this truck as a birthday present for his 5th birthday . We spent maybe 30-45 minutes putting it together , with no real problems . The pictures in the instructions could be a little more clear -LRB- or maybe closeups would help -RRB- , but if you read carefully , everything fits together with no problems . My son had fun helping me to find the parts that I needed to assemble it.Since he just got this , I ca n't comment on its durability , but he and his younger brother are really having a good time playing with it and it seems fairly sturdy . It has nice detailing on the paint and has a working ladder and bucket.I may buy this as a gift for another friend 's child since my sons are enjoying it so much .
 I bought this for my five year old for Christmas . Very few things are durable with him , but so far he has n't broken this yet . I also bought the tow truck , which he did manage to break within two days . It 's not the toy as much as it is him . I due like the wooden construction and the ease of assembly . This simple and simply designed toy is perfect for my son . He has enjoyed it immensely .
 I thought it was time for my 4 year old to have something of his own to put together . He always wanted to help me with my tools doing things . This looked like the perfect thing and it turned out well . The parts are fairly solid and he was able to pick out the parts that go together according to -LRB- the not so clear -RRB- directions with a little help . He with his trusted screwdriver tightended all the screws and we assembled the product . While he did bore in the middle of the project we were able to continue and finish later on . The best part of the toy though is just seeing him build the confidence that he can indeed put together something and use `` tools '' .
 I bought this set for my four year old son . For the price , I could n't ask for a better toy . The pieces seem like they would break easily if a child was too rough on them . My favorite feature is the container . He has so many toys and no place to store them . The container makes clean up easy .
 For those of you who are looking for an `` educational expirience '' and feel that you were jilted with this toy have forgotten one of the mose basic premises of childhood ... a childs job is to play.This toy was a bit over priced for what was recieved yes , but leaving a child with their imagination is a far better gift than any leap pad or other electronic device . The learning comes from being able to make connections , build stories , follow through on thoughts , learning how to play with others , expanding vocabulary so forth and so on . Sometimes the most basic toys really are the best.This was a well recieved toy from children in my life and the hours it was utilized far outweigh the price paid .
 Having young children myself , please be careful in purchasing items for young children . If the manufacturer states the age is 6 , do n't buy this just because your child lives space . Buy a product more age appropriate for him or her . Also , do n't rush it , they grow up fast enough : -RRB- Mom of 5 1/2 yo boy and 3 yo girl
 These reviews are helpful but FLAWED the recommended ages for these toys is 6-11 and you are giving them to 3 year olds which causes me to wonder about the cognitive skills of those buying these toys but thank you for your story
 I bought this for my 3 1/2 year old who is really interested in the solar system . He loves playing with these toys and treats them well . However , they are made of a `` model '' type quality rather than a `` play '' type quality . The stickers easily slide off the pieces ; which easily come apart . I was also disappointed that there was not any type of information page included to describe any of the space structures and what they are used for . The box is the most durable feature . Overall the quality and educational value is poor and could be improved , but my son still loves it .
 We bought this set for about -LSB- ... -RSB- from Target , through Amazon.com , and so far I have been really pleased . This was my son 's 5th birthday present . He 's had the set for a week , and plays with it every day . At night before bed time , he and I play space mission together for 20 minutes before story time , and he chooses one of the rockets to sleep with every night!Several of the pieces can be taken apart and put together like a puzzle . The top of the lunar module , for instance , snaps off of its launch pad to reveal a control panel -LRB- illustrated on a sticker -RRB- underneath . The top of the Apollo/Saturn V rocket can be taken off and put back together . My son loves pretending that the `` stages '' of the rockets are falling off as they launch into orbit.These pieces are plastic , and they do have small plastic pegs for attaching the shuttle and boosters to the fuel tank . The pegs on the Discovery shuttle and the rocket boosters that attach to the big fuel tank seem like they could easily snap off if a child got frustrated trying to hook them together . I agree with other reviewers that this set is best for kids age 5 and up , who have better fine motor skills and more patience for putting the pieces together . So far , my son has had great fun with this set .
 I bought this toy at a museum store - for more money . I clicked on this toy see if it was really the same thing , but cheaper . Very solid and realistic pieces .
 For two kids into NASA and launches , this feeds the imagination , allowing more than passive interest in space travel , star systems , and rockets generally .
 Although the blacksmith is `` Knight Age '' , it can be nicely mixed with other worlds like the new viking collection . A good strarting set .
 durable heavy duty whiffle balls for tee work . bought a couple dozen of these for hitting in the garage - super balls . when ... if i need more - i 'll buy these again
 I bought this for my kids several years ago and they still get it out and play with it from time to time . It comes with instructions to wire it all up to operate the light , buzzer , speaker , switches , etc. . The wires go in the `` spring-like '' holders .
 My son enjoyed this as a Christmas gift . It is good mid skill level for electronics . He is really into this stuff so I kind of wish I bought the bigger version .
 The Electronic Playground was purchased as a Christmas gift for my 8 year old grandson . He spends hours with it . It was a favorite on Christmas . The kit includes several learning tools , including instructions for building a radio , a lamp , an alarm and others . I strongly recommend this product for those who are interested in how electronics work .
 My son who is twelve is very into electronics , soldering , programming etc. . Because he is older I expect this toy to last awhile but the case of this is cheap cardboard . For a little more the company could easily make this plastic for added durability . He plays around with this and has no problem creating the correct connections for the correct end result . as long as you have a careful child , or put it up when not being played with it 's a good buy for the money . Not something for the toy-box .
 My grandson -LRB- 8 yo -RRB- enjoys the electronics kits and the different projects with each . Not quite the quality of the snap circuits but does a good job .
 I love this Electronic Playground 50-in-one . My son has built so many different things with it . I got it for him when he was 10 yrs old and now that he is 15 yrs old , he still enjoys using it .
 Bought this item for my son . He really likes it . He has learned to alarm his bedroom door so he can keep his little brother out of his room . Great learning tool with everything going electronic these days . He is learning the basic skills of how thing work and are put together electronically .
 It 's one of the best tools to teach the children te principles of electronics . I think it can be perfectly used at elementary and primary school . I 've been playing with mi nephew and I think I am responsable of introducing another future electronic engineer in this world !!
 I love the book that comes with it . I tried one of those mail order courses , and it nearly crushed my love of electronics . I did n't try and for a while . I decided to try it with smaller kits instead . This starts off like that course did , and I seem to remember something from it . This is far better though . I 'm nervous about trying to start soldering . This kit does n't include soldering -LRB- that I know of anyway -RRB- . The durability is horrible though . It should be on a sturdier frame , and a better battery holder .
 I bought this for my 7 + years Son and he loves playing with the kit . He did n't pick the theory well yet , but can setup the circuit quickly by looking at the pictures in the book.Pros : -- 1 -RRB- Book is well written . They use Water flow as an analogy to current to explain resistance , capacitance , etc. 2 -RRB- The springs make it very easy to connect different points.Cons -- 1 -RRB- Two of the transistors did n't work out of the box.I would recommend this to kids 9 + years , who probably can pickup the theory faster .
 The Electronic Playground reminds me very much of the type of electronics kit I had when I was young . I bought this for my son who is 6 . While the instructions and details were a little above his head the kit was not . The projects are very straight forward and the the wiring guides are as easy as `` connect the dots '' -LRB- really ! -RRB- . My only minor complaint is that the frame is a bit flimsier -LRB- paper and plastic -RRB- then I would like.My son and I did two projects in about 2 hours -LRB- two of the smaller ones -RRB- and I was able to use the kit to make some customizations -LRB- leverage the variable resistor add a light to the electronic buzzer etc. -RRB- and show him how circuits/components can be expanded and improved.But beyond the ease of use the instruction booklet is really quite an excellent resource on basic electronics . For an older child the kit could/should provide a pretty good grounding -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- . The combination of straight forward instructions -LRB- so you get get things to work -RRB- and well written explanations -LRB- so you know why they work -RRB- is great.I really ca n't wait to do more projects with my son or ... maybe I 'll just borrow it at night and do them myself .
 This IS the best educational toy I have ever seen ! With all the bells and whistles you could possibly want , it 's the perfect way to start your kid learning electronics . I would suggest being at least 11 years old though because the going can get a little tough for younger kids after the 10th of 50 experiments ! The only problem is you might not want to put it on something unstable because it is a little delicate . Otherwise enjoy a nice gift for someone just starting electronics !
 I got this for my ten year old son who was interested in electricity and electronics . We have been going thru the lessons one at a time and he has been learning a lot . The book that comes with the toy is written so that he can understand the concepts of resistance and capacitance which is as far as we have gotten so far.The toy is lightly built and would probably be reduced to junk outside of adult supervision but it is sturdy enough for him to use when supervised .
 I purchased this for my 8 yo son who had an interest in learning more about electronics . My elder 11 yo daughter was not interested in sharing her snap circuits set -LRB- she has the SC-500 -RRB- . We were not interested in making a large initial investment . While I really like the snap circuits and the easy directions and ease of assembling different projects / experiements ; but I prefer the electronic playground for the instructional manual . The manual does a very good job of explaining what is going on , for examples , how do resisters work , what are their puposes . It questions the student to come up with real life uses of a resister such as in a light dimmer.The playground is made of relatively inexpensive cardboard -LRB- really wish that they would have used something that felt more sturdy -RRB- . However , it was very easy for my son to wire between the different pieces . He did not have any problem following the provided instructions . With the additional background that was provided , he was able to take the intended lesson and further explore on his own ... . and understand what he was doing . With the Snap Circuits Pro , I did not feel like my daughter was given enough information to freely and easily experiment . Interesting that they seem to be made by the same manufacturer . My daughter has had her set for 3 years so maybe things have changed.This was a very inexpensive way to provide a great introduction to electronics . My middle child was following along with my son and agreeing with all of the written explanations she learned at school for why the experirments worked . As an intro kit , there is certainly quite a lot that they teach the kid thru the many `` experiements '' and it is a good guide to test a child 's interest in electronics before committing to a much more expensive set .
 I 'm in my fifties and asked my wife to buy this as a birthday gift for myself , because I wanted to learn about basic electronics . Both the kit itself and the instructions are well designed for first time newbies . The instruction manual mentions -LRB- but does n't require -RRB- measurable quantities in volts , ohms and milliamps , which I was interested in verifying , so I bought a multimeter to test their predictions and they were all spot on . I 'd recommend this kit for any adult who wants to learn about this stuff . You 'll get hours of education for the price you pay .
 I think it is a great kit , possibly the best purchase I 've ever made in this price range . I bought it for my nearly 6 years old son . He is too young to fully grasp the concepts and understand how electronics works , but he is learning to read the wiring digrams , he enjoys connecting the wires , and it loves playing with what he builds . We played with the Morse code -LRB- the table is included in the book -RRB- and learned how to send his name and `` SOS '' and many other words ; we checked how electricity flows through water and how this changes when one adds salt ; we built a radio ; and we did many other educational and fun things.The kit appears small on the picture , and it is not large
 I wanted to find a Christmas gift for my son that was n't just another action figure and something that was educational . He is naturally curious and this was right up his alley . When he did the first task -LRB- a buzzer -RRB- and it worked , you should have seen his eyes light up . It gave him a great deal of confidence . I like that some are easy for him to figure out so that he does n't get frustrated , but also that some are more difficult and challenge him to think or recheck his connections if it does n't work .
 The body of the kit feels a little cheap and fragile -- particularly since its aimed at kids . However , I 'm sure they did this to keep the price down , and it IS a pretty good price . My 6 year old son and I have been having fun learning about electricity and doing experiments based on the instructions included .
 My son loved these and it kept him busy in the basement in the winter . The metal bolt that sticks out has rounded plastic on the end and I seriously do n't see how it could cause any more damage than the long plastic strap that sticks out on all inlines .
 My daughters , ages 7 and 11 , really enjoyed this kit . They did both need some assistance -- minimal for the 11 year-old . This kit made really cute ballerinas . Directions were easy to follow . Does require fine motor skills .
 These are my favorite style . It is so fun to explain this game to people . The cards suck them in . The game keeps them !
 I grew up with the game of `` briscola '' and it remains my favorite -LRB- and only -RRB- card game ; briscola is very easy to learn and great fun to play -LRB- more fun when there 's three or four players than only two -RRB- . The `` Triestina '' cards are gorgeously illustrated and will fit easily in any travel kit , so you should take them with you if you travel South .
 This is something i bought for memoroy purpose , and its just like it was when i was a kid . loved it
 My 8-year-old plays this game with his psychologist during therapy . He ADORES this game and we do n't worry about who wins and who loses . We will purchase other games by this manufacturer . Highly recommended for children with special needs , such as Tourette Syndrome Plus ! Our psychologist says that kids from ages 6-teens love this game in his office .
 The `` cooperative '' idea of this game is the best feature . With two boys -LRB- a 4 and a 6 year old -RRB- we find that competition is always at the forefront of life . In this game we all have to work together . We all win or we all lose . Nothing in between . There is no ownership ; we all share ideas and moves during the game . It 's a great game for the 3-4 age range because all players discuss the playing strategies and the younger players are not constantly the underdogs .
 I 'm a speech-language pathologist and I bought this game after my students told me they played it with another therapist . I work with children ages 5-11 years and so far , I 've used this game with 7-10 year olds and they all love love LOVE the game . I like it because it 's not competitive at all . They all have to work together and talk about their ideas and their decisions . When they do n't , there 's a consequence -LRB- of not getting all the horses in the corral -RRB- . It 's also good because there 's chance involved , so the children ca n't blame each other . For children on the spectrum who have difficulty taking other people 's points of view into account , it brings the perspectives into light . It also requires them to converse with their peers to get things done.In terms of durability , the board itself seems rather sturdy . The cards , as mentioned by other reviewers , are small and a bit flimsy . After reading the reviews , I decided to laminate the cards after gluing them onto construction paper so that they can be used by all the kids multiple times . Hopefully that will help increase its durability.I also bought the Memory and Mystery game , but have not yet played it .
 We bought this game -LRB- and others from the same designer -RRB- because we wanted cooperative games represented for our 3 year old girl . She enjoys the typical games for her age -LRB- Candyland , etc -RRB- , but we wanted something cooperative and something that encouraged some strategic thinking.Roundup fit the bill admirably . She loves the idea of rescuing horses , and over time I 've seen her start to make decisions based on thinking ahead to what 's best for the game -LRB- moving a horse a head in case a rock comes down to block it , for example -RRB- . It 's also possible for a particular game setup to be unwinnable , so that you do n't rescue all the horses . For me , helping her to realize that you do n't need to win the game to have fun is an important part of a non-competitive game.Overall , I 'd highly recommend this game for anyone looking for something different for their toddlers .
 We got this game a few days ago and we 've played it many , many times . It is a quick , fun game and I love that it is cooperative . We work out our strategy together . I ca n't wait to try out some of their other games .
 I love the concept of this game and think it is a great learning game for kids on cooperation versus competition .
 I bought this to keep my 5-year old daughter occupied on days when the weather is bad and I have never seen her so absorbed in a board game . She wanted to play it all weekend long , and even when I was cooking dinner and could n't play with her , she played by herself , taking turns for both of us . Now that 's a good game ! It is fairly easy to win every time , as one reviewer points out . But sometimes the win is easy and straightforward , and sometimes you scrape by just before dark falls ; either way the game teaches cooperation because all parties have to agree on how to overcome the obstacles . i must say , it made for much more enjoyable playtime and bonding to have the game end with a joint celebration of `` we won , we won , we won ! '' rather than having a winner and a loser .
 I like that this game looks home-made as that makes me feel welcome to modify it and add more pieces . The premise is cool . We make it into a simple role-playing game , we are a band of heroes out to rescue a princess but only if we can come up with imaginative ways to use the bits and pieces we find along the way .
 I think Family Pastimes makes brilliant games . The kind I want my kid and his friends -LRB- I bought this as a gift for a girl -RRB- to have , learn from , have fun with and grow to be kind human beings . My son also has the Snowstorm and he plays that by himself . They are simple and fun .
 My daughter loves playing this game with her dad , and is not bored with it after 6 months of play . Great value .
 The Princess Game , which uses the `` cooperative '' approach to board game playing , has been a favorite in our family for many years.Players must work together to rescue the princess from the castle in which she sleeps in an enchanted slumber . As you move your pieces around the board , you encounter obstacles that must be overcome before you can reach the princess . You are given items to use as you choose - a candle , a boat , a key . Be careful - if you land on the `` Dark '' spaces too often , night will overtake the castle and your quest will not be successful.Because it is a cooperative game , all players must agree on how to get past each obstacle . This can lead to some spirited discussions ! Best of all , you are free of the tears and arguments that happen with most board games when one person wins and everyone else loses . I am convinced that is the reason this game has endured over many others in our game closet . It can also be played in many ways - sometimes we play `` the preposterous version '' -LRB- our own variation ! -RRB- , where , for example , a firefly can drink the moat dry so that we can cross . Other times we go for realism . `` Princess Game '' can be played in 15 minutes to half an hour , so it does not require a major time commitment . It is a relaxing , imaginative way to sit down and enjoy some time with your child.By the way , do n't think this game is for girls only
 I bought this game for my six year old daughter 's birthday in hopes that all the children -LRB- 4,6,10 -RRB- would play together and that the grownups could play too without completely zoning out . It has far exceeded my expectations ! The kids really enjoy it . My ten year old son says he loves `` the imaginative spirit about it , and it 's just a really fun game for everybody . '' We 've taken it to gatherings and not only do the girls like it , the boys really like it , too . The girls say it 's fun because they get to `` save the princess ! '' And the grownups wherever we go get interested and start playing , too ! It promotes cooperative play , not competitive , and you get really creative about the ways to use the resources you have -LRB- a firefly , a candle , a horse ! -RRB- to solve the obstacles facing you . Another plus is that the game pieces have the French words as well as the English , so we 've had some fun with that as well . The greatest fun for this homeschooling mom is watching my three kids laugh together , imagine together , and work together towards a common empowering goal . This game is creating wonderful memories for our family and friends . I highly recommend it !
 This game is awesome . It is so simple that my 5yo and 3yo can play it together alone . It is highly imaginative and inspires a lot of creativity - the stuff my kids have come up with trying to save that princess has been hilarious and also demonstrates some really great problem-solving . There is no one winner - we either all win or all lose , which is great for eliminating fighting . In short , the kids love it , I love it , and they do n't need me to play it , which - if you are a mom - you know is priceless . #winning
 Our girls -LRB- ages 4-7 -RRB- were first introduced to this game about a month ago while playing with a friend . We 've been having issues with our younger daughter not handling board games well with some of the more traditional games -LRB- Candyland , Shutes & Ladders -RRB- for her age , and those games have ceased to be entertaining for our older daughter -LRB- or me ! -RRB- . Anyway , Princess has been a great way for the girls -LRB- and their friends -RRB- to play cooperatively and it is gratifying to see them work together to rescue the princess . Our youngest easily handles the disappointment of not saving the princess every game since it 's a collective loss . Bye-bye tears and grumpiness . Hello family time , fun , and creativity . We also bought Max for Christmas since we 've been impressed at how well the cooperative games work for our family . That game has more to do with odds/strategy , whereas Princess involves creatively using the pieces in addition to chance . Also , with Max , not necessarily all the critters are saved/eaten , but for the Princess , she is either rescued or not . Both girls like each game and often we play 2-3 rounds of one game , then switch to the other . It is more fun with 2-4 kids and having a parent `` help '' with the game rules the first few times definitely helps transition the kids so they can play it without an adult . I think older -LRB- 9 yrs + -RRB- kids might get bored playing Princess with same aged peers , but having a mixed age group -LRB- of any age -RRB- keeps the interest level since every age level seems to have a different perspective on how to creatively rescue the princess . In any case , it is a nice way to have older siblings play with their younger siblings without all the drama .
 I had this game as a young child myself and loved to play it with my friends . It is a great teambuilding game and the difficulty can be easily adjusted to meet the needs and ages of the players . Recently , I brought it with me to play with some kids that I babysit . I adapted the rules and successfully played the game with a 3 year old . She loves it !! This year for Christmas , I bought the game for her and her sister . She is 5 and her sister is 3 . They both love it ! The 5 year old remembers all of the extra fun things we added in : During the game , the players have to confront various challenges to help rescue the princess and make group decisions . One of the challenges is to cross water to get to the castle . We chose to use the rowboat to get across . Instead of simply playing the card , we put the card down and added in rowing actions . Similarly , when we got to the guard , we added dialogue for him . These are just little fun tidbits I have added to help make the game more fun/sometimes easier for the younger kids . It is amazing what they remember over a period of 3 + months of not playing the game.Overall , the game is a great problem solving , team building , choice making game . Great for all ages to play together !! The company that makes the game , also makes lots of other cooperative team games . They are all awesome and all very fun to play . They are really different because they are not your typical competitive winner/loser games . These are games where everyone is a winner and there are natural problems that need to be solved . Great selection of games !!
 ... It allows children to use their imaginations which make a relatively simple game different every time . Super !
 From a parent 's perspective , this is a great game that teaches cooperation and creativity . The players must work together to rescue the princess , rather than competing against each other to win . The mechanics are very simple , as befits a game made for the 4-6 age range . It is fairly easy to win , but you can still easily lose on a few bad rolls . In addition to the cooperative play and creative use of certain items , there is also a memory aspect to this game that I 've found the children tend to do better at than the adults . It is very educational and a good introduction to cooperative gaming and teamwork in general.From a gamer 's perspective , it is interesting to see the seed from which cooperative games like Battlestar Galactica and Arkham Horror evolved . The mechanics are simple , but very sound . The Night Cards are not so different from the Night Counter in Last Night on Earth , or other games that tick down to conclusion , and the players must use creativity to win or lose as a team .
 Once you get over how cheap-looking the game is -LRB- so you may not want to buy it for a gift , if that would bother you -RRB- , you 'll realize how refreshing it is to play a cooperative game ! My daughters loved working together to save the princess ! Another friend likes playing it every time she comes over and has requested it for her birthday , so we 're buying another.We also really like the `` Max '' game and `` The secret door '' from the same company . I think `` Max '' is the best game we 've tried so far .
 I love this cooperative board game . Kids always surprise me with new stories to solve the problems and remove the obstacles in order to rescue the princess .
 This game is great for kids who use their head to think of ways to rescue the princess .
 Multiplying rabbits is a classic magic trick that will never get old . It 's easy to learn , comes with an illustrated instruction booklet , and is made of durable magic foam.Professional magicians beware : These are not the 3D rabbit `` balls '' that create the greatest effect ! It is quite hard to tell by the picture , but these rabbits are in fact cut-outs from a flat sheet of foam . The detail and cut quality is astounding , but the size of the objects makes the illusion almost a bit too easy.This toy is great for young audiences of any size , and can be taught to almost anyone!Ships in a non-exposing package , great for last minute preperation !
 My 2 1/2 year old daughter loves this farm set . Her speech therapist is actually the one who owns it and uses it with lots of different children . She 's had it for years . Each of the animals has its own spot in the bar , there is food to feed them and a tractor to haul things in , a lot more than your average barn . An excellent set .
 We gave this farm to our 2 year-old grandson for his birthday last July and 5 months later he is still carrying around the little animals with him wherever he goes ! This is n't the same farm set that our children had , but I think it is safer and just as much fun . I would highly recommend it !
 It has so many parts . Colorful . Very nice for small and even older children . My grandchildren love the animals , also how they can set it up . Great for take along !
 I bought this toy for one of my sons for Christmas . I thought it would be a great way to introduce ` farm ' life in a fun playing way.The child I bought it for played with it a few times , but it ended up being a favorite with my younger son instead . lolIt is great for explaining how farmers raise food for us , themselves and their animals . My child and I have had a great time this toy.The animals and farmer have found their way into the bathtub with my son and he has had a good time playing Noah 's ark with them there . hehe
 I bought this for my 2 year old grandson . It is a very heavy duty plastic with a thick handle which I liked . The colors are vibrant . I think it could have had a few more animals . The only negative - it came with little plastic window boxes that were cute and attach in about four places , but they kept falling off.I suppose you could use plastic glue and permenantly affix them , but we just threw them out .
 I bought this for my grandson -LRB- 17 months -RRB- for Christmas . He loves to lug it around and push the animals in and out of the doors . I think it is only going to be enjoyed more as he gets closer to two years . It goes great with The Little Golden Book , `` The Jolly Farmer . '' It is a great size also .
 We bought this game for our two children when they were 3 and 4 , and we were pleasantly surprised at how enjoyable it is to play , even for mom and dad . It is n't a competition game as much as it is a cooperation game , so if having a clear cut winner is what you want , this probably is n't the game for you.Each player has a farm with four different crops to harvest before autumn turns to winter . You roll the die to determine which crop you may pick or if you have to move everyone closer to winter . If winter comes before the crops are harvested , then there might not be enough food for winter , but the object is for everyone to harvest their crops before the onset of winter.The neat thing about this game is that really the best way to get the harvest in is for everyone to work together to harvest each other 's crops and not just work individually on your own crop . There is an additional element -LRB- which we have not yet played -RRB- to the game where you can plant the garden first and then harvest it . It is for more advanced players , but I think a young player could easily play it too after having played the easier version a few times.I highly recommend this game for families of all ages . It 's been a blessing to watch the kids want to help other players more than they want to harvest their own crop !
 I bought this last year for my competitive 4 year old . She has difficulty playing other games -LRB- she can get rather upset when she loses - you know how that is ! -RRB- , so this game is a breath of fresh air - we both enjoy it and it 's nice for us to finish playing a game , rather than having to stop when she gets mad . We have fun coming up with `` recipes '' to make as we harvest as well .
 Our 3 y/o loves this game and we enjoy it too . It 's pictorial , so no number or word recognition is required , and the cooperative aspect makes it so much more enjoyable than Candyland !
 Our 3-4 year old boy LOVES this game!What a difference from playing other traditional winner/looser games.It removes the stress/anxiety and leaves the pure enjoyment of playing against the diceand the rewarding feeling of working together towards a common goal.The board itself and the pieces are a little cheaply made -LRB- low end cardboard cutouts -RRB- . But other than the cheap feeling of the board , the game itself is a winner .
 Easy for my 4 year old to get , he enjoyed the puzzle in the middle . I like how you can make it a little different as they get used to the basic game by adding in the planting phase . Only issue I had was game board was a little wrinkled where it attached to board , but was still fine to use .
 My daughter is still a little young for this game which I did not realize when I bought it . But I have played this with other children and it is fun .
 My son plays this in a special program in school ; we got it and love it ; it teaches to work with others for a common goal -LRB- to make it to the top of the mountain -RRB- ; younger children may get frustrated unless there is an adult there to help provide occasional direction when first learning to play .
 We have played it only a few times . I bought this game for my 5 year old son with not so good memory to practice it . We do many varieties of memory games as long as my son loves it . This memory type game was a hit with all 3 of my children
 This game basically combines the games Memory -LRB- where you turn over tiles to make matches -RRB- with Clue . The production value is low , but the game play is good and the artwork and theme are fun . Makes me want to try other games by Family Pastimes .
 This is a great game for any age and it also promotes teamwork . I have two children that are four years apart and they both love playing this game . I truly enjoy playing with them as well . We know we are going to oohh , aahh and laugh our way through it . We also had some 5th graders play with us one day and they loved it as well and kept asking to play another round .
 We got this game a few hours ago and have played it four times already ! The kids love it , especially our four year old . The best description I can come up with is to combine the game of Memory with the game of Clue . By eliminating cards in memory style play you are able to determine the three hidden cards that were set aside before the game . It is co-op so it fosters team work . Like others have said , be careful taking out the cards as the paper on the back may peel off . If you read the instructions before playing they actually recommend scissors to make sure this does n't happen . If you are looking for a game you can play with your young children -LRB- in our case 4 and 6 year old girls -RRB- , this is a great one !
 My son is very competiive , and this was a good game to tone that down . We are `` on the same team '' because it 's a cooperative game . The cards are very small , but a `` snack size '' ziploc baggie worked well to keep the pieces together . He was n't sure whether or not he would like it , but once we played he enjoyed it , and asks to play it often .
 I played this game with my 7 year old grandchild and found it to be a unique , fun , exciting game . There are no winners nor losers and you must work together . It is a wonderful game with a terrific philosophy behind it . You must work together as a team . It not only teaches children team work but also problem solving and it provides great memory training . I loved it so much I sent for a catalog from the manufacturer . We played it 5 or 6 times in a row and it never became boring . A worthwhile investment . The only criticism I have is that the small cardboard cards used in the game can be easily lost and then the game can not be played .
 Our six-year-old is an only child , and she is often frustrated when playing games with adults . She wants to win , but she does n't want you to let her win . The cooperative nature of The Secret Door alleviates this problem . Since we all win or lose together , it 's much less frustrating for the little one .
 I guess it 's the theme , but I like this game alot more than I should . It is definitely a kid 's game , and it is n't something I would play with just grown-ups , but still . I like finding all the little treasures . My six-year-old son has Pokemon cards , Rat-A-Tat-Cat , Guess the Pokemon Game , Castle Keep , Sorry Sliders , Incan Gold , and this game . Of all of them , The Secret Door is my favorite . The treasure and clock cards are tiny and thin , and the board is pretty small , so if you need top of the line components you might want to steer clear .
 I purchased this game and Max . We 've enjoyed both cooperative games , and would recommend them especially if you play a lot of games and get tired of the competition . The Max game is definitely more popular in our house - maybe because it 's hard to win playing the secret door ?!? It is fun , but not quite popular enough with my kids for me to give it 5 stars .
 This is a cooperative game - where everyone wins or everyone loses . It comes in a very sturdy box so you do n't have to worry about losing game pieces like some other game boxes .
 I use this game in my job as a school counselor . Let me start by saying that the kids love this game ! There is something mysterious about the secret door , and they love searching for matches and trying to beat the clock . Very helpful for working on impulse control , working as a team , and building frustration tolerance . The drawback to the game is the durability . The pieces are small and made out of somewhat thick paper . I 've had the game two months and have already lost a couple of pieces . I wish I had tried to figure out some way to laminate the pieces before tearing them apart . Other cooperative games that are similar , such as Stone Soup or Hoot Owl Hoot , are much more durable . That being said , the kids do love this game ... you just need to be really careful with the pieces !
 These games are the best ! They have really helped my little ones cooperate , instead of compete . If you want games that have a positive impact on your children or your family , these are absolutely the way to go . We can sit and play a half dozen of Family Pastimes ' cooperative games with only very good feelings at the end of game night , which has a lasting positive effect on my children 's relationship with one another and on my sanity as a mother . Another nice aspect of these games is that they have a nice narrative quality . We especially like this little game of mystery and memory , which is a race against the clock . It 's a favorite of my daughter , who enjoys Nancy Drew and mysteries.It is true that these games are not the sturdiest ; They require children exercise care and caution . You have to expect them to put the game pieces awat nicely , but we have had no problem with that , even with children who are n't always perfectly well behaved . The boxes themselves , though , are actually very sturdy and of much better quality than you 'd find from more mainstream companies . Also , if you get a bunch of these Family Pastimes games , they stack beautifully and are quite inviting for children to chose from . Likewise , I find the homespun aesthetics of these games and the artwork quite appealing , much more satisfying than some of the more overproduced stuff out there .
 I have 4 children , 8 , 6 , 5 and 3 and they all love to play this together . It 's nice to see the kids working towards a common goal instead of fighting to win .
 My 6 year old son received this game for Christmas . He has enjoyed playing it over and over again . It 's nice to play as a team , cooperatively , instead of against each other . He thinks it 's really fun to try and save the valuable items from the robbers before time runs out on the clock .
 i like that it teaches you to work together rather that against each other . it comes with a book with other games you can order too .
 This is a good memory game with a different twist . Players must find matching pairs and do so before the time runs out . This concept makes the game move faster than an ordinary matching game .
 Cooperative games help keep the peace at our house and this is the one we play the most . We have so much fun working together to try to beat the robber -- no tears at the end of this game !
 I purchased this game in 1991 , to play with my youngest children . The game itself provides a great deal of fun , both by stimulating the imagination , and in the battle against `` time '' to save the hidden treasures . The cooperative aspect strengthens bonds and leaves everyone feeling that the world is a better place . Since my children have all grown , the game now enchants young visitors and grandchildren who look forward to a game every time they come to the house . We have taken care of our game and it has lasted this past decade in very good condition . If it ever wears out , I 'll be sure to get another one to entertain my younger guests .
 After selecting a similar game that was requested by son-in-law , I also purchased this game as an extra gift after looking over the info given . Later , I learned that this game became the favorite one for the family to enjoy !
 I am a child and family therapist , and I use this game to get to know children and families . It is empowering for the child to work together with me or their parent to solve the mystery before midnight . Once a child plays this game they usually request to play it again and again . They like that we work as a team , and this helps them to build cooperation , communication skills , and a therapeutic relationship .
 We purchased this game 3 years ago , when our daughters were 4 and 6 years old . When we got it , we played it every night for several weeks and now , three years later , it remains a family favorite . The fact that it is a cooperative game is a great plus
 I bought this game for my classroom and let my son try it out first . Now I 'm afraid I 'll never get it to school . My 6 year old loves it ! It is challenging to win , but since we are on the same team and not competing against each other , the challenge is more fun and less frustrating than other games . The only problem with the game is that the cards are not as sturdy as they would need to be in order to last a really long time . Also , the size of the cards -LRB- they 're pretty small -RRB- makes it easy to lose them if you 're not really careful . However , the fun of the game , as well as the fact that it helps with memory skills , is well worth the effort of keeping the up with the small cards .
 This is a fun memory guessing game . I recommend it for kids ages 4-12 + . Adults love it too . The whole idea of a creepy house with a locked door is a wonderful setting and makes the game more fun . The game is different every time . It is challenging for all humans .
 My 10 year old son and I have played this game and found it alot of fun . Not only the game is fun , but it is fun to play a game where you work things out together . You either win together or lose together . It is a great game for anyone who has a problem playing games against another person or anyone who is a bad loser or a bad winner . It comes in a heavy duty box which is great for those of us who have spent half our lives taping game boxes back together .
 I have 4 kids , ages 7 1/2 , 6 , 4 1/2 and 2 . We could n't wait to get and play the game based on reviews we had seen . It is a matching and memory game which is fun but the pieces are very small and can be difficult for little fingers to handle and my older ones bored of it after two games , each of which lasted about 10 minutes . It 's fun for a short attention span but not one we grab on a rainy afternoon .
 Santa brought the Secret Door for my son . It has been one ofhis favorite presents this year . In fact we all love playing it . It isa co-operative game and all those playing help each other . It 's one of my favorite aspects about the game . If you win , you win together . If you lose you lose together . Somehow losing together is more bearable for a 7 year old . I highly recommend this board game .
 As an elementary school social worker , I like to keep a variety of games and play activities with which to engage my kids . `` The Secret Door '' has elements of both the card game `` Concentration '' and the board game `` Clue . '' As a cooperative game , it is a refreshing contrast to -LRB- sometimes -RRB- visciously competitive games such as `` Sorry '' -LRB- which I also like -RRB- . I find that even the most ardent bully melts into the spirit of cooperation when playing this game . The only drawback is the near weightlessness of the tiny cards which are extremely easy to lose or misplace -LRB- once on the bottom of my coffee mug -RRB- . Whenever a child stands at the shelf where my games are stored , I find myself thinking , `` I hope she picks ` The Secret Door ! ' ''
 I 'm a school psychologist and have this game in my office-it 's a great cooperative game . Students use memory skills and work together . It 's one of their favorites . Especially third graders .
 The game is fun for children of all ages ; however , the small size and flimsiness of the cards really detract from it . Once you lose a piece or two , it is useless . If it were bigger with nice sturdy cards , you would really have a winner here .
 This is a terrific version of the old-fashioned memory game with the bonus of being a co-operative game in which the players work together to find matches before time runs out . My children and I return to this game again and again ! Makes a great gift game since everyone can enjoy the play ! HIGHLY RECOMMEND !
 I homeschool my kindergarten age son and I ordered this game to use as one of our `` fun time '' activities . The educational component is good for a 5 year old as it teaches cooperation and strategy . The game invovles using logic , critical thinking , and planning ahead . It took me a few minutes to figure out how to play , but the directions are clear and once you start playing , it makes perfect sence and was also easy for my 5 year old to understand after I explained it once . He loved it and every time we finished he asked to play again -LRB- we played 5 games the first time using -RRB- . I agree with the age range on the box of age 6 and up . There are a lot of little cardboard cards that you use with the game that could be damaged by a child any younger than that ; but the game components should hold up for a long time as long as they are properly taken care of . The length of time it takes my son and I to complete one `` game '' is about 15 minutes which is great . It can also be played by 1 player which my son was able to do after playing only a few games with me . It 's very different than any child 's board game I 've ever seen and we 'll definatly be playing this one alot !
 Bought this game as birthday gift for son-in-law and his sons . They were happy to get the game requested and enjoy playing it .
 My 5-year old niece is an only child in a neighborhood with few kids , so I was looking for a game that would be fun and easy for her without either driving adult players up the wall or boring them to tears . Not only does Caves and Claws fill the bill , but it turns out she can even play the game alone . And she does -- frequently ! It 's simple , silly , and fun , while fostering an appreciation for the idea of scientific expeditions . The only drawback is that the pieces are rather thin cardboard -- as often as this game gets played with , I doubt it will last more than a year or two .
 This game is fantastic ! I play this game with my 2 boys -LRB- ages 4 & 6 -RRB- all the time and they never get tired of this adventure game . We play it in a verity of different ways and work together to make every game a success . One of the best features of this game is it requires cooperation , you ca n't win unless you work as a team . This feature alone has taught my guys cooperation and at an age when they are becoming very competitive . In addition to encouraging cooperation we have learned logical thinking and planning and a whole bunch about archaeology as I have used the game to lead into real archaeology lessons that they now incorporate into the game . Oh also this game encourages creativity ! Buy this game and go on an adventure with your kids and with out the TV or computer ! -LRB- Note
 I want to add some important notes to the previous reviewer 's comments . If you can get one or two years ' regular play value from any board game , you are doing very well . Most do n't last a few months . Secondly , the manufacturer , Family Pastimes , always supplies replacement parts at modest cost for mailing expenses , so you do n't have to worry about the game becoming obsolete or unplayable . Family Pastimes has been in business for over thirty years and does n't deal in fads . It keeps making the same games as long as someone still wants them . And someone always does !
 This game is really fun . If you kid is five , I would recommend it for him or her . I like to change the rules to make it easier to win . The cards are very small and they might get lost , but I have n't lost them so far . This game is really easy because if someone else loses , you loses and if someone else wins , you win .
 I played this game last night with my 8 , 6 and 3.5 year olds . When I saw how involved the directions were , I thought there was no way this game was going to work for us . To my complete surprise , we all had a great time ! The game itself is fun , in an Indiana Jones kind of way , but playing also provides an opportunity to teach crucial life skills , like listening to each other 's ideas , building consensus , and sometimes sacrificing your turn for the good of the whole group . My pawn got stuck in a cave for a couple of turns because we all decided that it was more prudent to save our remedy cards in case we needed them elsewhere , and sure enough we did . Then all three kids got stuck in the other cave while I discovered the final treasure and took it back to the tent . The nice thing about the game is that you can make it what you want , so I pretended to get reinforcements from the tent and rescue the kids . Then we had high fives all around for completing the mission and getting everybody out safely . The kids loved it , and I loved being able to FINALLY play a game with them without any bickering , crying , and hurt feelings .
 Cooperative games are wonderful for young children . All the players work as a team to travel the paths on the board to collect artifacts and overcome obstacles to win the game . My 5 year old twins -LRB- and my mother and I -RRB- love playing this game . Of course everyone wants to have the `` stinky sock '' remedy card that defeats certain obstacles . You use certain cards to create paths to travel on the board so the game is always different each time you play . I am looking forward to finding more games of team cooperation to play with my family . It is great to work together and win the game as a team with no young children crying because they did n't get to win . It 's a very clever game . I only wish the game was more durable . The cards are pretty flimsy and I can see that they may not last over time -LRB- or the handling by my 2 year old -RRB- . I may try to laminate them and see if that helps .
 My six-year-old son has such a hard time with typical win/lose games because he feels bad if he loses and he feels bad if his family members lose . As we were setting it up , he whined , `` Ohh . . I do n't like games where you win or lose ! '' We just finished the first game , and while I think it will get boring after a while , it 's easy enough for him to grasp , and has just a little strategy to it to keep it interesting . I agree that it 's for younger kids , like the previous reviewer mentioned . I 'm just so glad to finally play board games with him !
 My 5 year old and her friends love this game . Because it is a cooperative game , there are no individual winners or losers -LRB- very important for 5 year olds . -RRB- There is an element of suspense with the obstacles and remedies . It is easy for adults to play along also . There is some strategy to win more easily , so it is nice to introduce that concept to the kids . They do n't usually like to think ahead . : - -RRB-
 This game is so great for many reasons . It teaches cooperation as everyone has to take turns and work together to plant the garden before the sun sets . It teaches directions ; I sometimes go over clockwise and counter-clockwise with the kids before the game . It helps with imagination , you can make up your own poses . It helps with self esteem , everyone gets a chance to be the teacher by doing the pose first . There is counting as kids hold the pose , we all count . It teaches motor skills - moving around the board as well as throwing the die . It teaches simple , fun yoga poses so there is movement within the game . I think 6 players would be the maximum because little kids get bored if they have to wait too long for their turn . You can also stop in the middle of the game and practice other yoga poses then go back and finish the game . Namaste !
 I bought the Yoga Garden Game two years ago and I 've used it sparingly in my children 's yoga classes , especially when only 2-3 kids show up.It was a real hit when my Montessori classroom did a unit on games and play around the world . The children automatically gravitated to it and loved it ! I taught some children how to play it , and they picked up the rules perfectly . The older children would set the board up on thier own and show the others how to play the game . Not once did I see them fight over the peices or the rules . They really enjoyed it and I would recommend it in the classroom !
 I play the YogaKids Garden Game on a weekly basis ! The gameboard is beautiful and the aspects of teamwork and movement are a great combination ! My children 6 , 4 and 2 love playing and love when we pick up a Yoga card and all move into the pose together.They love trying to plant all the flowers beforenightfall ! Working together and cheering each other on !
 I got this for my son and we have a blast playing it . He actually gets up and does the yoga moves when ever ANYone has to do them . Fun , Quick , and a great intro to yoga for little kids .
 I got this for my grandaughter and she really likes it . My daughter sent pictures of her playing it and it looked like she was having fun .
 This game is really fun and there 's no pressure to be a yoga master ! It 's good for young and old folks !
 This product is a very fun way for kids to learn yoga poses . One of the good things it has , is that is not a competition against each other , but on the contrary is a way to work as a team towards a goal , in this case , create a garden . My kids , 10 and 5 , have a lot of fun , and they learn different poses every time they play with it .
 This is a great yoga game for children . I 'm a mom and a children 's yoga teacher . My daughter , 3 years old , loves to play this game , and it can be used in small yoga classes . The board is bright and colorful . The game is non-competitive ; we all work together to plant a garden before nightfall . The yoga cards have drawings and easy to follow instructions.I highly recommend this game to parents and children 's yoga teachers .
 We love playing this game . It is a lot of fun even with really little kids because they can do the poses with you while you are playing . We made up more yoga pose cards and use them in the game also because there are n't that many of them .
 My 4 year old daughter takes a yoga class at her pre-school , so I thought this would be a great way to practice and encourage her self-confidence . I was so right ! My 7 year old daughter and my 4 year old and I sat down to play , and we had a wonderful , quality time together ! One thing I love about it is that nobody wins or loses . We work together to grow a garden . Another great thing is that we exercise together in fun way . I was amazed at how well my girls co-operated and participated together , without any fighting at all . They wanted to continue with the game , even after we finished growing the whole garden . They did n't want the game to end ! I am going to recommend this game to our yoga teacher , to use in the preschool class . I 'm just so happy with this game ! If you love yoga , you will too !
 One of my children was given this for his birthday a few months ago by a friend who gives yoga classes to children . I was a little dubious at first about a boy enjoying a game in which he has to plant flowers , but i had nothing to be concerned about . The game is so much fun first of all , and it shows children -LRB- and reminds adults -RRB- that we are a part of nature . It has simple rules but can be taken to different levels depending on the time you have.The aim is basically to try and plant the flowers before night falls , with ` pitfalls ' as most games have , but this one involves various well explained yoga poses . We especially love landing on the question mark and making our own poses up . Ive tried to relate it to our daily life ie summer vacation in which we 've been a deck chair and waves etc , and going back to school/the office ie as a desk which is happpy to see us again !!! I feel this game brings us closer together and teaches us some kind of compassion -LRB- we have never fallen out playing this game !!! -RRB- Its great fun , but it also stimulates their bodies and minds and i find they have alot more concentration after they 've played this game , ideal before homework !!! I have since bought the yogakids book , which gave me many ideas to intergrate games into the actual game , it seems to be never ending fun !!! A truly fantastic game , which will surely delight any child .
 Excellent product . They are multicultural and depict a variety of abilities . Fantastic puppets for preschool children . The kids play with them all the time-more than the other puppets I have .
 We have been playing this game for 8 years -LRB- first with my daughter , now 13 , and now with her two little brothers -RRB- , and it never loses its appeal . There are n't many pieces , making it easier to keep track of them . My kids feel like they know the little creatures and hve a personal rrelationship with them . It is wonderful that there is no desire to cheat , no sore losing , no bragging winners . With two little boys 16 months apart , cooperative games are imperative . We love Max !
 Here 's how the game works : The three Little Creatures get a head start on Max . You roll the two dice , and you either get two green dots , two black dots , or one of each - green dots move the creatutes , black dots move Max . If you roll double green you can move one creature two spaces or two creatures one space . Each creature has its own shortcut to skip a corner , but it has to land on it exactly . Max can take all the shortcuts , and he does n't have to land on them exactly , but he does miss them if you roll double black . You also have four treats . Giving Max a treat makes him go all the way back to his house , but once the four treats are used up they are gone . Max also goes back to his house if he catches a creature . My understanding of the game is that it 's difficult to get all three creatures safely to the tree , but it 's almost impossible for Max to catch all three creatures.While the game is driven by rolling the dice to see whether you move the creatures or Max , the child has two decisions to make :1 . Which creature -LRB- s -RRB- to moveYou have to learn how to balance movement among the three creatures , and how to arrange it so that a creature lands exactly on the entrance to its shortcut . Older children will realize that sometimes you have to let Max catch one of the creatures to make sure that the other two get home safely .2 . When to give Max a treatTo do this properly you have to be able to predict the furthest Max could move on the next dice roll , and whether that puts any of the creatures in danger . If you give Max treats too often you 'll run out , not often enough and he 'll catch the other creatures.I bought this game for my youngest nephew because I 'm an avid gamer but , at 4 years , he was a little young for most games . He really likes this game because he gets to participate in every turn . He got a little upset at the thought of the small animals getting eaten by Max , so his mom changed it so that Max just sends them back to his house at the beginning of the path and they stay there , instead of going to the tree at the end -LRB- more like `` catching '' them than actually `` eating '' them -RRB- . I like that the game is cooperative , with all players moving all the creatures - little chance for hurt feelings at the end of the game . There can still be turn-taking in the form of who gets to roll the dice , and who gets priority over movement decisions . I also like that there is some strategy to the game , unlike Candy Land which is purely chance-driven . This is also a game that a child can play by herself .
 I bought this game for my then 5 year old son to play with his friends who came over to play because more traditional competitive games were causing too much conflict . What I had n't counted on was how much fun this game is for parents to play with kids too ! Gone is the frustration of my little boy when he feels he never whens because `` he 's the littlest '' . This game puts all players on the same team . The rules of the game are just structured enough to give you a starting point , but we change how we play depending on our mood . Sometimes we each take turns rolling the dice and making decisions and other times we decide that each of us must agree on the decision to be made . My son even pulls the game out and plays several rounds by himself ! My family is looking for more games simliar to good ol' Max .
 My 5 year old grandson absolutely loved this game and did n't want to stop playing . I thought it was great because we worked as a team to beat the cat . It was n't about winning as an individual , but winning for the critters so the cat would n't catch and eat them . It was great fun to watch my grandson think through what he should do next in order for the critters to get home safely . I would highly recommend it for children ages 4 to 10 .
 I really appreciate all that this game strives to be in terms of ` co-operative ' game playing , but in terms of how the physical game is manufactured , it 's a bit lacking .1 . The board itself is tiny . When you put young children around a standard table to play it , their arms are n't long enough to reach the board at all -LRB- with a bigger board everyone could at least reach the side closest to them -RRB- and if you put it on a very small table , adults are knocking knees and getting a backache .2 . There are times when the critters have to share a board space , but the spaces are n't big enough to fit two , let alone all three critters . If two or three game pieces can end up on one space , the space should have room for them .3 . Max 's cat treats have no ` holding ' area . We are instructed to put them ` off the board ' . Why was n't a holding area created on the board ? Again , the board should be bigger .4 . The game pieces - Max , critters , and treats - are all just pieces of simple cardboard . Flimsy and cheap .5 . The board bends in half -LRB- to fit in the box -RRB- , but they put the fold vertically on the board and the lumpy bumpy seam affects game play in three -LRB- ! -RRB- places . If the seam was horizontal , it would only affect game play in one place . Arg.The story and flow of the game is fairly smart but the design and manufacture of it is not so much . Especially for the price .
 My preschool age daughter loves board games , but I can only take so much of Candy Land , Chutes and Ladders , or Hi Ho Cherry-O . Max is so much better than the `` regular '' board games you find at stores like Target . The objective of this game is to get the squirrel , mouse , and bird to safety before the cat Max gets to them . You roll the dice to determine if Max moves or the little creatures move . When Max gets too close , you can call him back to the starting point for a treat . Kids and adults can work together to try to get the little creatures to safety . My preschool age daughter has no trouble figuring out the rules and she enjoys calling Max back for a treat . Like I mentioned before , some preschool games get old real quick for adults , but Max is entertaining for all ages . The only complaint that I have is that the pieces are made of cardboard paper . I think it would be more appealing and durable if they have little plastic figures for the animals .
 This is a great game !!! It teaches children about the food web , differing perspectives -LRB- i.e. cat , small animals -RRB- , strategy -LRB- to call Max back or not -RRB- , patience , how to follow game rules , turn taking , and strategy -LRB- to move one animal two spaces or two animals one space , deciding which animal to move first , calling back Max or not -RRB- . Besides all of that , it 's really fun . I would highly recommend this game to any parent or care giver of small children over three .
 Max by Family Pastimes is one of the most fun games I have ever played with my children . It is easy to learn and play . All players strategise to try to help the little creatures escape before the cat eats them . It promotes conversations between children and adults as well as between the children themselves.I have also used this game in a K-1 classroom as well as in Spanish as a second language class with great success .
 My kids loved this game and now I give it to all my nieces and nephews . AWESOME . Fun and easy for kids to grasp .
 The game is relatively simple in its rules . The real draw is the cooperation . Instead of trying to best each other , the players are trying to get the animals home before `` Max '' the cat catches them . That said , my 5 & 7 year old girls got fairly competitive ... with the cat . Eventually , over enough games , Max is going to catch one of the cute little animals . When this happened the first time , my girls both cried as we removed the animal from the board -LRB- the concept of their animals being killed and eaten was a bit much for them -RRB- . So we 've had to make `` emergency rule changes '' -LRB- aka
 ... not that candy land doesnt require a teeny bit of thinking , but there are n't any decisions to be made , and its just a matter of luck . My 3 year old absolutely loves this game . She talks about the animals , makes sounds and panics when an animal is going to get caught by Max , cheers when she has a good roll -LRB- TWO GREENS !!! -RRB- . This has been a wonderful way to introduce a little more complexity in a board game , and is n't so boring that I do n't mind playing it with her -LRB- again ... and again ... and again ... -RRB- . Even my 10 year will play it with her , so she has a lot of fun with it . A very great purchase overall , even with the cheap cardboard pieces .
 I 'm an avid board game geek , so I was excited to find a wide range of games that are designed for young kids and also have educational and social lessons beyond smacking a big plastic hippo . My daughter and I laughed our way through 4 games right away , and I was surprised how quickly little `` Max '' can catch up and dash the hopes of our little critters from making it home.The game is what you make of it . The mechanics are simple , the game is short , and without a dash of imagination and playfulness from a grown up , this game can get boring very quickly even for the target age range . However , if you have an open mind and can make up fun stories and scenarios with the game using the animals it adds a fun and unintended element to the game play.The game is so simple that my two kids -LRB- 3 and 6 -RRB- were able to pick it up pretty fast - no numbers on the dice , and easy rules to remember . The board and pieces are of acceptable quality , though I can see that if you left your kids alone with the game they could take a beating . Industrious parents can always replace the original tokens with other little knick-knacks from the house.Overall , I say this is a good buy to introduce your kids to the basic game mechanics -LRB- taking turns , cooperating , some strategy -RRB- without going crazy over budget or supporting a mega-game-corp . There are better games , and more coming out in this target market , but this is a solid introduction for very young players.Cooperative Game of Consultation Decision Making and Natural Selection , Max
 this simple game worked out great for my competitive 5 year old niece and my 3 year old son . They loved working together and getting to make choices on this simple game .
 I ca n't say enough good things about Max . I was just on vacation with my daughter 4 and a half who just got it for Christmas , and a 3,5 and 9 year old . It was a huge hit and was played many many times during the course of the weekend . The object is to get all the 3 little animals home to their nests without Max catching them . The game is really simple but because of the idea of Max and the little animals it makes it very thrilling for multiple ages of children . I love the cooperative nature of the game . It 's so important for children to have this skill and with this game everyone 's on the same team working together to get the little animals home . We did have to do some conflict resolution as the 5 year old insisted that Max was hungry and should get to have one of the little animals ! A great part of the game is that when Max is getting too close there are treats that will send him home , and together you have to decide when that will be . I highly recommend this game and plan on buying it again for friends children . The kids all agreed that Max was one of their favorite new games !
 Our kids grew up with this game and always loved it . We plan on keeping it for our next generation . Now I am getting it for another family to be able to enjoy in the same way .
 I use this game as a school counselor . The children and I love it , and I receive many requests to play again ! The game teaches many skills , including cooperation , impulse control , problem solving , and empathy . Sometimes the kids want so much to get the animals home to their babies that I have to remind them to slow down , continue to take turns , and follow the `` directions '' given by the dice . This really helps them with self control and emotion management . With so many different things to teach in one game , Max has become my favorite ! The game works best with K-2nd graders .
 I bought this game having never heard of it before , I liked the idea so I took a leap of faith . The materials it comes with -LRB- animal markers , food markers , dice , board -RRB- seem relatively durable . I do n't think they are going to last years , but the way they have held up so far tells me they are more durable than they look . As to the game itself , I played it -LRB- having had very little time peruse the instructions -RRB- with my daughters -LRB- ages 11 , 4 , 3 , 2 -RRB- and they loved it . They game play was easy to get the hang of and they quickly became invested in the concept . They were screams when Max was moved across the board and when it was time to move the little animals there was urgent and thoughtful discussion . Needless to say they loved it and a loud , fun time was had by all . It has made it 's way onto our frequently played game list and I would highly recommend it .
 I bought this for my granddaughter 's 4th birthday but what I liked about it was that she could understand how to play it -LRB- with help -RRB- and it was challenging enough for her 7 yr old brother to be interested and want to play it with her .
 My kids -LRB- 6 and 4 -RRB- enjoy playing this game , and I like it because there is no competition . Everyone works together to try to win the game . It 's easy to learn , but requires some strategy and/or a little bit of luck to win .
 At first glance it does n't look very impressive -LRB- it seems kind of cheap -RRB- , but , I have to agree with the other reviewers that this is a great game ! My 4.5 and 6.5 year-old girls like this game quite a lot , and I like that they do n't really have to compete and with each other -LRB- there is enough sibling rivalry in our house already ! -RRB- They are disappointed when Max catches one of the little creatures , but there is a lesson there and it does not take away from the fact that they like the game .
 My daughter really loved this game ... she was really into pokemon at the time and used it alot ... It really holds up ... It still looks about as new as when we purchased it ... If your child loves pokemon , this is a great game .
 My daughter says : I got this toy yesterday from my aunt . I love it and I use it all the time .
 I do n't know much about this toy , but my son has enjoyed it very much . He has speech impairement and that was the reason I choose this toy .
 When i ordered this was not sure of even what it was , but it went over great , and my nephew was estatic . He enjoyed playing with it and seeing his favorite pokeman characters .
 I just got this toy today . I love it so much . It is much better than the advanced battle one . It contains all 386 Pokemon . It has 3 games . It also has a search section , which only requires the first letter of the name of the pokemon . I purchased the game for $ 20 at Target , it was well worth the money . My brother and I look forward to many more hours of entertainment from this item . I highly recommend !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Overall this is a very enjoyable toy , so much so that after our 6 year old received one as a Christmas present , we purchased one for our 5 year old -LRB- who was constantly begging his brother to let him play with it -RRB- . Both boys love playing with the Pokedex . I am amazed -LRB- and slightly disturbed -RRB- by how much Pokemon information they have memorized . My chief complaint is the volume function -- rather than having an exterior volume control , you can only adjust the volume through an electronic setting . However , once you shut the toy off , you need to adjust the volume again when it is turned back on -LRB- and the default volume is quite loud ! -RRB- . Lastly , my sons have repeatedly commented that they wish that the display was in color , rather than in black and white . We would gladly pay more for this toy for a color display , and more importantly , a better volume control .
 Our 6-year-old son received this for Christmas and just loves it . He already knows a lot of the names and numbers on it and is still learning them . He has n't been a bit bored with it . It was a better deal on here than at the stores in our town and was definitely money well spent . I would recommend this to anyone whose child is into Pokemon . The games are n't too difficult and he enjoys them . Pretty sturdy , too - he has dropped it several times on a stone floor and on concrete outside and not a crack yet .
 My son has been asking for this Pokedex for a few years now . Out of all of his gifts this Christmas he says this one is , by far , his favorite ! But , is it his favorite because he has been wanting it so long or because it 's the greatest ? I do n't know and with as much as he 's enjoying it I 'm not going to ask . : -RRB-
 My 6 year old son loves his Pokedex . He 's a big fan of Pokemon and now the Pokedex goes with him whenever he ca n't schlep his cards . That 's a good thing .
 This toy was a present for my 6 year old daughter . She actually asked for this pokedex rather than one of the newer versions because it seemed to have more pokemon that she was familiar with . The black & white graphics are n't great , but she does n't seem to mind . She enjoys the three games , but seems to use her books to get more information on the pokemon than this pokedex . Overall , she really loves the toy and I would buy it for her again . She says she would definitely tell her friends to `` get one ! '' . It is a good value ... inexpensive , but fun !
 I bought this for my son for his b-day and it was one of my best purchases ! He loves it ! It is Way better than the first pokedex !
 OMG . DIS . IZ . DA . BEST !!! I am 10 and this is just amazing . A Pokedex from Fire Red and Leaf Green ! AWESOME : DDDDDDDDD
 My nephew gave this toy to my son when he out grew it . MY 6 year old is now very much in to Pokemon and he loves this thing . I would have to say it is very durable and works great since it is a hand me down and has already been through one other loving it . I found this one on Amazon because my other nephew wanted one too . It does n't seem they make these anymore so I came to Amazon to look and I think the price was really good . I do n't know the original price was when it was bought by my nephew but this seemed very reasonable . If you have someone in your family who loves pokemon and finding out info on all the different ones this is the toy !
 My 8 year old loves this game . He has gotten hours of use and fun out of it so far . I 'd recommend it for child between 7 - 10 .
 My 8 year old son is so into Kiss . He found this on his own online . The toy was in perfect condition , this is definately a collectors item , but he insisted on opening and playing with it . Hopefully it will last .
 My two year old daughter choose this table out and she loves it since she got up from a nap became a instant love it is durable an storage spot in the center is excellent for her car collections .
 My nephews and niece love this table and chair set . It is durable because they have n't broken it yet but I did n't receive any restickables . Actually I totally forgot I was suppose to receive them and I guess its too late to complain . As far as the secret compartment is concerned , I do n't know how secret it is when its smack dab in the middle of the table . But they do enjoy storing their toys in the compartment . My sister was concerned that they would spill juice in it since there is a crack between the cover of the compartment and the table , so the kids do n't eat on the table .
 My 5 year old son received this toy as a gift and it has kept him busy for hours -LRB- and he usually has a very short attention span -RRB- . He loves to build all sorts of shapes and spends lots of time taking it apart and putting it back together . . perfect gift for the child who is curious about how things work and likes to build !!
 This is a great toy . I was skeptical at first , however my 3 year old loves it . He plays with it for long times and enjoys the free build time with his imagination . I only gave 9 out of 10 stars because it is to small . It is good if you want to find out if your kids would like it , but I suggest buying a bigger package to really build with .
 We got these for the kids but we all love to play with them . They are interesting and easy to play with . I play with them while watching TV , after the kids have gone to bed . I wish they were more available cuse more is better .
 I agree with the previous reviewer about the flimsy basket-to-cart attachment . Ours has n't broken , but the basket often falls off the wheels . It 's easily replaced by a bigger person . That said , however , my 3 year old daughter LOVES this toy . It was an impulse item for Christmas last year , and she not only uses it for grocery `` shopping '' but also as a baby doll stroller , a pretend library when she fills it with her books , and many other creative uses . For a last-minute gift , it 's a big hit !!
 My grandson loves to fill this with everything he can find . It is light weight and great for the toddler age .
 I bought this Dragon Tales coloring book -LRB- along with another one -RRB- for my nephew for his fifth birthday because he is addicted to the PBS series . This review is the same as the other , since the books are the same quality . Well , the look on his face when he opened the present was so worth the hassle of searching the Internet for the books ! He is a coloring wizard and this book will be providing him with many hours of coloring fun . It is well put together and the characters are very true to the show . I highly recommend this coloring book for any Dragon Tales fanatic ! My little guy adored it !
 If you like Dragon Tales then this is a must have . I purchased this as a gift and paid $ 0.99 + a fews dollars in shipping . Shortly after I went to the local Dollar store and saw all sorts of Dragon Tale coloring books and regular books . If you are looking to save a couple of bucks and have some dollar stores in your area , it is worth the trip to go to the store .
 This was a gift for my little brother . It is still in its plastic case and was really a good quality action figure . I love Bossk from Empire Strikes back , this series of figures is a must for any collector or kid .
 This item assembles quickly and is sturdy . I was surprised by its weight and sturdiness . It looks like it will last for a good long while.The only thing that I did not realize about this product was that you have to unhook the football side and turn it over for the baseball side , and re-hook it . This is not something that can be done by a child . It is a bit inconvenient .
 Everything on this trainer is sturdy except for the rubber bands that hold the tarp taut . After just an hour of playing , most of them were broken . I tried a few alternatives to fix the problem -LRB- regular rubber bands , cable ties , string -RRB- but nothing worked . I finally bought some elastic string from the sewing section at Walmart , and finally found a solution . Now it works just fine . Great , actually.The only other problem is that it 's easier said than done to switch between baseball and football . It takes a least several minutes and it 's a bit of a bother . My kids wo n't switch it themselves ; they call me out to help . Plus you have to be careful not to lose the hooks . But if you play the sports in season , it should n't matter .
 I started using the 2 Sport Trainer with my son and a couple of his friends ... it 's GREAT ! It helps bring out their competitive juices when making throws from the infield . This year I will be using it for infield , outfield , pitching drills . Also makes a decent little backstop for batting practice . Looking forward for the start of the baseball season !
 I found this game at a thrift store last week . A group of eight adults -LRB- ranging from 21-38 yrs . -RRB- played this game for two hours !! We were all laughing so much at our ridiculous `` off the top of your head answers '' . Made for a fun Thanksgiving post-meal game .
 Awesome game ! Too bad it 's out of publication . Could use new cards after a while because after you play several games , answers are remembered on cards . Great group board game , can play with 4 or more players . The more , the better !
 Etc is a fun game and easy for the whole family to play . Questions are n't terribly difficult so the game moves quickly .
 I ordered this game for Christmas , through Amazon . Basically , you divide up into two teams . Each team is then given five things on a card to guess , all with the same set of initials . For example , if the initials are BB , circus creators would be Barnum & Bailey , star of My Favorite Martian and The Incredible Hulk would be Bill Bixby , longtime host of The Price is Right would be Bob Barker . You get the idea.Based on how many the team got right , they then get to pick up to five chips , each with a different point value -LRB- 2 , 4 and 6 points -RRB- . The points are face down when the chips are picked . The first team to reach 50 points wins.A fun game that can get very addictive and competitive . In addition , Patch Products , the creators of this game , also make Buzzword , Blurt and Such & Such . I would recommend those games as well .
 Although this game is a bit too easy for highly-educated adults , -LRB- the 3 PHDs and 2 MED 's found it too easy , anyway -RRB- I think it will be great for my language-impaired high school students !
 I received this toy as a gift and immediately thought - well this is a dud . This toy was literally the only thing that would get my daughter to hold her head up during tummy time . She instantly loved the lights and the music from birth and still plays with it each and everyday at ten months old . Watch out - the music will get stuck in your head !
 My daughter received this toy shortly after she was born . She instanlty loved it because of the lights . I used it a lot to help get her to hold her head up during tummy time . She is 6 months now and still loves it . it is one of her favorite toys .
 I ordered this jukebox as a gift and I also loved it when it arrives.It arrives very speedy and in working condition.It has three mode switches
 But I did n't buy it for his parents.This is one of those toys the little ones love . Their parents do n't love it as much . My little one-year-old friend bops and dances and loves it . His mother thinks that 's just awesome . His dad is annoyed with the annoying music . Sooner or later , his mom will be annoyed , too . I would buy this for someone else 's child . Especially the child of someone who had bought something similar for my child .
 I bought this for my firstborn eight years ago . He loved it then and he loves it now . Unfortunately during our last move I forgot to remove the batteires and it corroded so we bought a new one for our baby . My 7 month old loves it as well . She is delighted when she spins the wheel and rewards her with music and noise . It is durable and my favorite feature is the volume control button . It is entertaining .
 Very quiet for a musical toy . Love that you can have the sound on a low setting and a high setting . Low setting is still loud enough for child to enjoy , but low enough to not annoy the parents .
 My daughter got this for christmas and loved it . It wore out of batteries and she still carried it around .
 My 8-month old nephew absolutely LOVED this jukebox ! I gave him several new toys but he kept focusing on this one . He loved all the lights .
 Music is great and my baby will love it , she is only 3 months yet , so she ca n't play , she just watchs it .
 My 7 month old loves this toy ! The lights and music excites him everytime he sets it off . It has a couple of different settings so you can change it when you get tired of hearing one which if your kiddo likes it as much as mine you will hear it a lot ! We gave this to him when he was 4 mos old and he still loves it . Good purchase .
 I totally agree with another reviewer who mentioned the music was kind of annoying . Yes , kids will love it but parents are sure to do a switcharoo with another toy after those songs get played over and over .
 I purchased this toy for my infant son and it is so much bigger and better than it looks . The lights are very bright and the music makes it a perfect toy to catch their attention . I am very impressed with this purchase .
 BABIES ARE ALWAYS AMAZED AT LIGHTS FLASHING OR BLINKING AND THIS ONE HAS JUST THAT . THE MUSIC IS CALM TYPE AND THE LIGHTS ARE JUST A PERFECT COMPLIMENT TO THIS TOY . FISHER-PRICE HAS ALWAYS BEEN QUALITY TOYS AND PRODUCTS FOR CHILDREN AND TODDLERS . I ALWAYS TRUST FISHER-PRICE PRODUCTS .
 These are just like the original Spear & Razor only a different color . My son does n't care , he thinks they are AWESOME . As a parent , I am very pleased with the quality of these dinosaurs . So far they are extremely durable and have been his favorite toys since he got them for his birthday . We have had absolutely no problems with any of the Imaginext dinosaurs.This combo SEEMS to be identical to the NEW Imaginext Stracosaurus & T-Rex Combo . I can not see anything different between the 2 items .
 This is a fantastic game for kids and adults . It does n't require a lot of brainpower to understand the instructions , but the game is addicting whether you 're 9 or 90 years old . The game is fast paced.Plastic coins come with the game , but adults can opt to play with real money . If memory serves me correctly the most money you can lose in one game is $ -LSB- ... -RSB- . The Winning Pot will depend on how many people are playing . One game takes about 15 minutes , not hours , to complete.Keep this game on hand during holidays and large family gatherings . You need not worry about adult guests getting bored and/or the children getting under your feet .
 This is a great game , for four or five people . Moves along and is simple to understand .
 Pacardy is an easily learned , fast card/dice game for adults and children who know their numbers . I could n't find it at any local toy or game store . We played it on a recent vacation with enjoyable results.I highly recommend Pacardy for families.Nancy R
 Everyone I know loves this game and has a hard time finding it . Wal-Mart never has it . The pieces are small so easily lost but it is a fun game for the whole family .
 We have enjoyed playing this game during the holidays with family . You can play the game but still be visiting . We enjoy it alot !! We introduced the family to it last year , and bought them a game this year . We first learned about the game during a trip to Texas with relatives . We play with real money , which makes it more exciting .
 These small trucks are a great addition to my son 's sand toy bag . They are not too big to be carted around and my son has been enjoying them for several months without any problems .
 These cards are perfect for any game , durable and of the highest quality . The only downsize is that they do n't come in a hard case , only in a tray , which makes it rather difficult to store them and take them from one place to another . You need to take care of the carton box they come in , and I 'm not a big fan of those boxes .
 These are very durable cards that are waterproof , but right out of the package they are very slick . If you play any high speed games you will need to be aware of this since they are a little harder to hold firmly . All things considered though they are very good quality cards .
 I have the guys over for Poker once a month and these were a big hit . These are my first 100 % plastic cards . I have used the cheap ones from the dollar store , better plastic coated , and used casino cards . These are far better then any of those . They feel good when shuffling , no sticking , and just feel right when playing . They seem very sturdy and it is hard to bend the corners but not impossible . I bought them for the durability so only time will tell if they hold up.I did the research and these ranked as high as any of the other brands . The price was right and I have no regrets.FYI
 I was initially attracted to Go Wacky because it combines both dice AND cards -- I 'd never seen that in a game before ! It also sounded good from the brief description , and the photos of the cards & dice were eye-catching , so I thought I 'd buy it ! :-RRB- I do n't often take chances like that , but I 'm glad I did this time.Each month we have a Game Day in my townhouse complex clubhouse , and I brought Go Wacky to the last one . I read the instructions beforehand and was eager to play with a group . Our group was 3 kids and 3 adults -LRB- me + 2 others -RRB- , and we ALL had lots of laughs and fun ! I 'd definitely recommend this for mixed groups ! Now a few specific pros and cons : ** PROS ** - Kids and adults can play together , on equal footing . There 's no age-related advantage for adults with this game ! - The instructions are fast & easy , in English plus Spanish - The game is simple enough to learn in a few minutes , yet it 's actually kind of addictive ! ;D It 's about 2/3 luck and 1/3 strategy . - The cards are bright and colorful and easy to handle . - The presense of color-matching cards and word cards reminds me of Uno ; I recommend this for sure if you like Uno ! - The dice are big enough that they 're not hard to pick up , yet not so large that they 're annoying . - The coloful symbols on the dice are cute and eye-catching . - The word cards -LRB- Go Wacky , Everybody Go Wacky , Bulls-Eye , Round & Round -RRB- always led to excitement and laughter in my group , because they engaged us in interactive actions with our dice and/or the cards ! ** CONS ** - You absolutely can not play with more than 6 people . There 's enough cards for more , but there are only 6 dice . -LRB- The game would get unwieldly with more than 6 anyway ! -RRB- - The dice do not come with the symbols on them . You have to stick the symbols on from a sticker sheet . That 's not bad in itself , but I 'm wondering if the stickers will eventually start wearing or peeling off ? - There are a few instances where the rules are a tiny bit unclear , but you can easily figure it out . - Some folks might not like that the game relies more on luck than on strategy .
 I bought this gift for my father and it is his favorite toy . It was listed at a good price and arrived fast .
 I bought this toy pack to use as a cake topper set for a neighbor 's daughter . All of the kids love it ... ca n't wait to see what it looks like on the cake !!!
 I think any child who loves the movie , The Nightmare Before Christmas would love this . My daughter who loves all things gothic absolutely loves this and sets them outsimply for decoration in her room . They are made of durable plastic and can even survive being swatted around by a cat . The colours are bright and definitive and the Sally character is the cutest of all ! Overall , the set made a wonderful Christmas present for my daughter who loves all things Nightmare Before Christmas and if you have a gothic kid who loves this movie , they will love this product !
 I used these to decorate my boyfriend 's birthday cake . I have to admit , they were a bigger hit than my cake ! lol !
 my daughter loves these , but they are just figurines and the parts are not movable or bendable as the ad suggested and that was disappointing .
 I ordered this toy to use as cake toppers on top of a black , purple and green birthday cake for a Halloween baby . They do n't really play with it . Just keep it on their shelf . They are perfect though as cake toppers for a Nightmare Before Christmas theme birthday cake .
 Purchased this stoy as a cake decoration a top a birthday cake . It look amazing with everythning on the cake .
 Product was as expected but I was charged way too much . Went to Downtown Disney and got it for less than half the price of Amazon seller .
 I ordered this and did n't receive the product for almost 2 weeks , 2 days past the delivery date indicated on my order . So I contacted the seller and they were very prompt with their response . They appologized and resent the product overnight . This was for my son 's 7th birthday cake , and it turned out awesome with this product as cake toppers . Great product for what I wanted to use it for however I over paid online . I went to Disneyland a few weeks ago and they were selling this -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Terrific toy . My 2 year old loves these Disney figurine sets . They foster great imagination play . They are durable and all the figures stand up on their own . Great toy that she plays with mutiple times a day . One warning - this is not a problem for me , but the three littlest figurines are too small for children who tent to put things in their mouth , so if you have a child who puts things in his/her mouth this set is not good for you .
 I am so glad to see ToysRUs has this back in stock :-RRB- This is a must have for the Rescue Hero fan . My son plays with his all the time . It is very sturdy and great for the age group . One Rescue Hero can drive and one can stand on the back . Lots of fun !
 This is a cute product idea . It 's a little overpriced -LRB- at $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- for what it does , but my seven-year-old daughter is very happy with it and plays with it a lot . It 's also a huge hit at the playground with other girls.At 48 inches tall , my daughter finds the rope length to be just right.One cool feature is that there is a motion-activated mode where the handle plays songs only as long as it 's being moved -LRB- while jumping , for example -RRB- . This is great for encouraging a child to jump longer . But there 's also a mode for playing continuous music -LRB- which could be seen as good or bad -RRB- , regardless of motion . I was disappointed that it does n't play a whole Lazytown song , just a short bit of Bing Bang -LRB- `` Bing bang , digga rigga dong / Funny words I sing when I am dancing . / Bing bang digga rigga dong / Silly words that can mean anything . '' And that 's it ! -RRB- It also plays short snippets of three other dance-type tunes -LRB- not Lazytown songs -RRB- . Overall , I thought the music content could have been a lot better , but my daughter is happy with it.The microphone is barely functional . It is only activated when a song is being played , and it shuts off automatically as soon as the song is over -LRB- so your child ca n't use it except to sing along with Bing Bang -RRB- . And you have to practically have your lips wrapped around it for it to pick up your voice . But again , my daughter is satisfied with it -LRB- though disappointed she ca n't use the microphone to sing her own songs -RRB- . This is one of those toys I personally feel was n't really worth getting , but if * my daughter * had it to do over , she 'd still want it , so I 'm glad I got it . If it breaks tomorrow , I 'll get her another one . -LRB- Fortunately , it seems pretty durable , because my daughter has dropped it numerous times with no apparent ill effect . -RRB- They could have done a much better job with this product , but overall it 's worth buying if your daughter is a Lazytown fan .
 Kit components received were adequate quality . Some soldering and assembly difficulties were encountered . Only one component failed . Elenco technical support helped troubleshoot the problem , and replaced the component expediently . Instructions are well written , and definitely intended as a learning project .
 This six inch replica of the Good Guy Doll who was n't really a good guy , called Chucky from the first sequel to Child 's Play is very well done . Note the customer image from Studio88 where it has Good Guy Dolls on Chucky 's overalls , who was obviously one of the Amazon Marketplace sellers of this figure at one time and looking to sell his product any unethical way he could , is not the McFarlane Movie Maniacs one . The picture of the default Amazon one in the packaging is correct though . I have also added some of my own pictures of my ` friend to the end ' to show you what you Chucky looks like in all his glory.The figure is very well done with a very movie like looking face . He is classified by McFarlane as one of their 6 inch figures , I do n't know how big inches are since I never studied ancient history in school but being as he is not as big asJason Voorhees , Norman Bates -LRB- psycho -RRB- which are also supposed to be 6 inches I would say he 's not . Chucky stands at 14cm tall under the metric system . Jason and Norman at 17.5 cm by the way.The McFarlane Movie Maniacs range are very good and easily the best of the cheaper action figures . This range also all come with a little cardboard poster of the movie the figure is from which displays inside a crockery type stand that looks like is made out of skeletons . Note this stand adds dramatically to the weight if buying online . The Child 's Play 2 poster is a good one though , -LRB- see it in my customer images -RRB- . Back to Chucky , his hands rotate 360 degrees as does his body at the waste . Ca n't remember him doing either of those things in the movies but it does mean you can pose him in a number of ways . Like with the other Movie Maniacs figures , only on hand really can grip the weapon -LRB- with Chucky it 's a large kitchen knife -RRB- . His red hair feels very human hair like and obviously flops around . This is good as other figures just have a plastic mould up there.The clothing is plastic as with all the figures in this range . The problem with the packaging of this range is that the figures do n't really display that well within it and you ca n't open it without it being noticeable to get them out . However an advantage over the other cheap horror figure range company NECA is that at least you can get the figures out by just opening the bottom part of the blister and sliding it and the movie stand out , with NECA you have to completely destroy the packaging . Therefore you can just put some sticky tape on the bottom when you 've put him back in if you want a higher resale price if you ever choose to sell it down the track .
 i am a HUGE horror fan and i have to say this figure is awsome ! i sometime 's kick myself for takeing it out of the packege but what ever . now dont be fooled this figure is larger than it looks ! but anyways chucky comes with a knife and a childs play 2 poster . awsome figure A +
 My 6yo son and I really like this one . We have several from Family Pastimes , and this is in the top choices ! Combines strategic thinking and really working together -LRB- although I like that you can choose to make your own sandcastle or work with others -RRB- . Hard to play with kids younger than 5 or 6 .
 You might say that all Nicolas Freeling books are experimental , as he does not follow the normal pattern of detective or crime novels , which is to say , an event , an inquiry , a resolution , with odd murders and mayhem along the way . Sometimes he tells us what happens at the end of the story , in the beginning . At other times , he runs around the fringes of what appears to be the main issue , exploring all sorts of apparently unrelated ideas . True , he usually brings it all together in the end into some sort of denouement , but it is not just to surprise us with his/van der Valk 's perspicacity , although you might see it like that.In Sand Castles , he adopts yet another method . Just when you think the part of the story you are reading is going to take some sort of strange turn -LRB- that is , even stranger than it has up until now ! -RRB- , it ends altogether ! Now that is a surprise , for the book is not yet finished - there is more than 100 pages left to go . So what is going to happen ? And in this particular case , it really is a surprise , which I wo n't give a way.Always a thoughtful writer , Freeling has sent van der Valk on holiday in this book , and as understanding as Arlette can usually be , she finds there is rather a lot to put up with on this springtime journey along the north coast of Holland and then Germany . Another good van der Valk read .
 The style of writing and the amount of details in this book and all the books by this author is totally amazing . If you love historical romances and family sagas , this is the author for you .
 Our 5 year old daughter really enjoys playing with this tent / fort . She has put it up almost every day since Christmas and is really getting the hang of it ; I am sure she 'll be doing it solo soon except for the tall parts . It is quite large and she enjoys making a house for herself to play inside of it . The `` games '' are ok , but the tent itself is the main event .
 Awesome building and construction toy . For all the kids who use your kitchen chairs and every blanket in the house , this is the PERFECT TOY ! My 8 year old loves it . I love it because he is using his imagination , making his own clubhouse , and I still have chairs at my table and sheets in the closet . Well made , easy to use . I am very impressed .
 This is a great toy for the child that loves to build forts and will take the initiative to do it him/herself or with a friend otherwise this toy could be a headache to store and drag out . I would n't buy this again for my children because I had to encourage them to play with it and I had to set it up and take it down and they lost interest quickly . Just because you were a fort lover as a child does n't mean your kids will be so take that into account . Ours is going to goodwill .
 my daughter loves to hide out in this thing , and then her little sis helps rip it apart and they start all over again . it 's great for us cos we do n't have a yard ; a tree house alternative !
 To be fair , I did buy it used . In the box , with all the parts and in good , clean condition . However , you can not stack it 3 levels high and we can not use it outdoors , because a little wind and it tumbles . Do n't lean on it either . The kids love it though and for what I paid I am not disappointed in the least . I do n't know how long the people had it before me , but the parts seem to be in fine condition , it just does n't make a very structurally sound end product.Not that it would cause any harm if it fell on anyone , and being so wobbly gives them the understanding that they can not climb on it , which is good . I just hope the ones being purchased for this hi retail price are far more sturdy . I would definitely not pay near that price for what I have .
 Instructions were not very clear , though . Take the card deck out of the case . Turn the case over . Insert the card deck back in , &#34; top first &#34; . Close your hands over the deck , say the magic words , snap ! Turn the case over , the deck has disappeared ! Still , the item was in excellent condition . I will order some more .
 I was a little skeptical when I found out the game is one of cooperation . The players all play as a team instead of against each other but competition is n't the entertaining factor . I was amazed at the ideas my kids were coming up with . In the game , when you come to an obstacle , you must come up with an idea of how to use an object to overcome the obstacle . My kids were really coming up with new ways to use the objects . This game was a real plus for me because it gave the kids a chance to work on their creativity , and vocabulary . They got a kick out it and it caused no stress or hard feelings like so many competitive games we know . I 'm currently searching for more Family Pastimes games as they are a hit with my kids .
 These games have been carefully designed so that the players `` work together '' to find solutions to a variety of non-violent situations . While competitive games can be good for children , it is also very important for these children to learn how to rely on each other . These games are top rated for this learning experience .
 I 've played this game several times over the last few years with my daughters and their friends . It 's a wonderful , cooperative game that does n't require any reading -LRB- great for the pre-readers in our family -RRB- and encourages creativity .
 I got this game along with some others for my classroom for a unit to teach cooperation . My students really enjoyed it . They asked for them again and again on inside recess days . They have a great time working together . Harvest Time and Growly in the Garden are other favorites . They are not great quality , but if you go to the company website you will see that they are just a small family owned company . High durability is sacrificed for low price . They also use recycled materials on some of their products if being green is important to you .
 A great all around boat.I drive it in a lake and it has great range and speed.I hae fliped it in the water many times and still ran prefect .
 Purchased this years ago and still enjoy driving on the lake . It has hauled a mini pontoon around the lake and has no problem recharging when needed .
 Great 100 % plastic poker cards . These last 4 times or more longer than coated paper cards that you can get at any local retailer . This is a great choice for premium cards for a little more or even the same price you may pay at a drug store .
 I goy this boat a couple pf months ago and it has never had a problem I take it to the lake almost every weekend and the boat is great i actually saved 3 boats so the boat is really powerful it goes about 4 mph but you can pull many things on it.It is a great boat I reccomend this boat to evryone who likes boats but the people that only like fast boats dont buy it.The boat is also durable because it can get run over and still be afloat.And the people who do n`t like to buy alot of batteries get this boat because I used my boat for 3 or 4 hours strait and it ` s battery was still as good as new .
 Whoa ! I got this boat for Christmas and took it straight to the pond across the street . I was amazed at its performance and durability ! As for the battery hassle , it is easily solved by buying rechargeable batteries to power it ! the remote control is so easy a first grader could operate it with ease ! The speed is amazing for such a low priced boat , and as for durability , weeds in the propeller do n't stop it anymore than running into the bank . I love it , I 've had it for almost a year and no problems yet !
 The Sea Hawk is one of several current radio controlled boat offerings from Nikko.I purchased this one for my 12 yr old Nephew and he really enjoyed it . The Boat is about 1/8 of a knot slower than My Nikko Fireboat which made for pretty close racing in the pool.The Sea Hawk might pick up speed with a premium set of the 6 AA batteries it requires as we were running `` super saver '' walgreens ultra alkaline batteries . It 's a bit of a bummer that the Boat does not accept the popular 9.6 v recharge pack like allot of the other Nikko Boats currently offered.My Nephew learned how to `` ride '' the currents from the water jets in the pool to gain speed and change directions . Within a short time he could perform docking manuevers like a pro.The Boats gearbox is very quiet compared to the Fireboat and almost sounds like a real boat as it moves along at about 2-1/2 knots . Very stable steering , does n't rock allot in the water like the taller Fireboat does and also stops faster than the fireboat when reverse is engaged . The Sea Hawk also steers pretty well in reverse.The boat had a steering problem right out of the box which required removal of the upper deck to gain access to the steering mechanism which only needed a shot of WD-40 to get it to work smoothly and stop sticking on left turns . Steering seems to be a consistant problem with both of the Nikko Boats I have purchased recently but once lubed it worked perfectly . Perhaps I should have given only 4 stars for durability but it 's really more of a quality control issue than durability as the boat continued to work flawlessly after being lubed . If your boat exhibits this problem and you decide to remove the deck just be careful of the wires that are soldered to the on-off switch as they are easily broke loose from the solder if you yank the deck off to fast . The Deck fits tightly to the hull.The shaft seal on this boat looks like an improvement over the much older design of the Fireboat and the boat did not take on one drop of water in nearly 45 minutes of run time on the same walgreens batteries.For someone who is going to use this boat allot , an investment into a set of rechargeable AA batteries would be worthwhile . Keep in mind though that 6 rechargeable AA batteries and the required charger will cost more than the 9.6 v pack and charger used on some of the slightly more expensive offerings from Nikko which with the cost of rechargeable batteries considered would put this boat closer to the same price catergory as some of the larger ones like the Nikko Starfire.This boat is an excellent value for the money and proves that Nikko has a well engineered RC boat for nearly every price range .
 The boat has been awsome.I got my boat almost two years ago.It was for good grades on my report card.For my toys two years is an aturnadty.I take it to my grandpa 's lake evey week and it is just as great as the first time I tryed it.Its not very fast but thats fine with me.One thing I like about the boat you can pull GI Joe rafts and other toys . Also for almost two years thats pretty dog gone durable .
 This is a very fun toy and it is quick when the batteries are charged . It is very durable , it says to let the water drain out of it after every use but there is never any water in it . I have had this boat for 4 years and it still works like it did when it was new . My friend was about to put it in the water but he slipped and the boat hit the concrete around my pond and bounce into the water upside down and it floated back to the edge of the pond and it did n't have any water in it and it did n't crack . Some of the good and bad things about this boat are ... HITS : Quick when batteries are newVery durableVery easy to controlFun to sit by the water and relax while driving the boatLong RangeMisses : Short battery life -LRB- you should use rechargeable batteries because they make the boat go faster and you do n't have to keep buying new batteries -RRB-
 We own two of these -LRB- different frequencies so we can race them -RRB- and have given them as gifts . They are a ton of fun -LRB- for kids & their jealous parents -RRB- . We have had them two years - they work great - are easy to control , never tip -LRB- although our pond does not have waves -RRB- , have great range & are durable . My son loved them when we got them when he was five & still loves them at 7 -LRB- as do his friends -RRB- . With new batteries they run for a long time . I hate toy boats/cars/planes that run on rechargable batteries - where you have to constantly charge them for hours at a time only to find that they run out of juice fast -LRB- 15 minutes of use time -RRB- and suddenly -LRB- usually when boat is in middle of lake -RRB- . No such problem with these boats . Overall , these boat were great . I would hightly recommend them to anyone .
 this is a very fun boat overall . it is n't very fast , but it has great range and it 's batteries last a long time . the only problem with the battery system is that it takes 6 AA batteries and u keep having to get new ones . I also recommend bringing it to a place with no waves so the boat does n't tip . Overall , this is a very good boat for its price and especially good for younger children .
 This toy was great fun for my son , but it did n't take much before some damage was done -LRB- wires knocked loose ? -RRB- and it could no longer go in reverse . It was n't much fun after that , too much aggravation to continually move it manually .
 This boat rocks ! You should buy this boat . it is very , very , very , and very durable . I sunk mine it was completly full of water in every nook an cranny and it is still running very well . it runs faster on rechargebles than regular batteries if there were more than five stars i would give it as many as possible .
 I am 15 years old and I just got this boat for my birthday . I took it a couple of time and it is realy fun . I hit some rocks the propeler and it runs just fine . The batteries last many hours in this boat . I have n't had it leak a single drop of water . This is a great bout and I would recomend it for anyone looking to have a good time .
 I bought this boat for my 7 year old son , he loves it . It handles well and he did n't get tired of it a bit . He enjoyed it so much , we 're buying the same boat for his cousin . It does take six AA batteries , but they lasted longer than the paperwork indicated they would -LRB- he ran it for at least an hour the first time out , without it slowing down a bit -RRB- , so we were pleased . It 's a good value for the price -- many of the remote control boats are quite a bit more expensive .
 I purchased some of these boats from an -LRB- ... -RRB- and they came in with very good packaging and construction . This little boat has great detail and durability from the way the body feels to the touch.It 's speed may not be impressing to those who are veterans in the RC boating world , but is sure to be enough for anyone of any age who is starting in the RC Boat hobby . -LRB- About2-3 miles per hour . -RRB- Good boat overall .
 This is the first boat I 've bought . I did n't get it from Amazon but I got the same model as on Amazon . I got it a year or two ago and love it . It does n't go all that fast but that 's okay . It 's fairly durable . The whole inside can be flooded and it will still run . It does n't tip very easily . I used it on a pretty big lake and it seemed to have no problems with the waves or anything . It can take most waves from the boats . However , if the waves are really big from say high winds it does n't run very good . The battery life is pretty good . Overall , it 's a good boat . It 's worth the cost .
 i have had this boat for a year know and when i tried it out a couple of days ago the turning did n't work ! the batteries where strong and the motor ran but the turning did n't work at all . you did n't even hear a noise . so i looked at the inside of the boat and looked to see what was the matter with it and apparently there was a little motor in it that was under strain and it must have finally snaped . overall this is a good boat for a year and it does not flip over like the other reviews say . i rekamend that you get the new barracuda boat which i am planning to get but the reviews on it seem good -LRB- 27mz -RRB- . This item is a good toy for about a year but then it breaks .
 This boat is a great boat for amateur r/c enthusiasts , but it is not too durable ... I had purchased it and within 2 weeks i began to have problems with it . The overall size and style of the boat is great but its speed is not really anything to brag about . . I pesonally feel that it is a great boat dispite it 's few faults . i highly recomend that you purchase this product.Owen W.
 I got my boat almost two years ago.I take it to my grandpa 's lake evey week and it is just as great as the first time I tryed it.Its not very fast but it sutis me .
 I think this vehicle is good , but it has not really too much power .
 I use the bag for girls basketballs and I can fit 6 girls basketballs along with speed cones and a few other coaching items in the bag . I 'm definitely satisfied with the bag .
 We purchased this for my three 1/2 year old for Christmas . I thought it was called the ` Rescue Chopper ' though . Also , the one we purchased at ToysRUs came with a character . -LRB- Billy Blaze ? -RRB- This was his first Rescue Heroes toy and he loves it !! He plays with it everyday and makes up all kinds of scenarios . It is a large helicopter that seats one Rescue Hero . It has a retractable cord that has a hook on the end that the heroes hand can attach to . It also has two buttons on the back . One controls the blades spinning action , and the other pops out two compartments that hold ` water cannons ' that can be fired at the push of a button as well . My son puts out fires all over the house flying it from room to room . I also love that it does n't need batteries . I highly recommend this to anyone whose child loves Rescue Heroes , helicopters , or both !!
 I am so glad to see ToysRUs has this item back in stock :-RRB- My son has had this helicopter for about a year now . It is great ! He loves playing with it . The blades spin , it has a rope to save victims and it has water cannons to shoot out fires . Any Rescue Hero fan will love this :-RRB- It is very sturdy and durable for the preschool age group .
 So , you 're thinking of a card ... This unopened box of cards in my pocket , thats the card i turned over before i walked over here . Tell me what it is . Free choice , super fun . Little memorizing involved , this is an ordinary box of cards . Except its not .
 I first saw this trick performed by a fellow amateur magician about 20 years ago . It shocked me so much that I just had to learn it . Since then I 've done the trick countless times and it always surprises people . With proper care the special deck usually lasts a few years before it needs replacement . Before showing anyone the trick I recommend practicing first . You can get used to the cards in minutes but it does take practice if you do n't want to mess up . If you handle the cards lightly you will get better control . Once you master the handling you will be ready to shock and amaze people.In my opinion , this may be the best card trick ever invented ! Imagine naming any card in the deck and seeing someone take a deck from their pocket with only one card turned over - and it 's the card you named beforehand !! That 's what you get with this trick . I 've also purchased this deck in magic shops in New York City for a few dollars more . Here it 's a bit cheaper and it gets sent right to your home . Highly recommended . Have fun people .
 This is a cool trick and you can get the hang of it pretty quick . You can also make up some of your own card tricks .
 This is my first INVISIBLE DECK and it 's great , this Trick Freaks really people out !
 this is a great starting magic trick . as a magician myself i use this trick very often . i suggest you buy this trick .
 I bought this doll for my 21 month old daughter who has recently become obsessed with babies . She carries her everywhere ! This doll is the perfect size for this age child , and she is a little bit weighted , so she 's not just a cheapie doll . It is very well made , and she smells like vanilla ! I also wanted to tell people that these dolls faces , hands and feet are made of phthalate free vinyl . Most other brands -LRB- especially those made in China -RRB- are made with a cheap plastic vinyl that has been shown to cause cancer in laboratory studies . I have been looking for dolls that are phthalate free since my little girl kisses her dollies incessantly . This is a great price for a very well made , very cute little european dolly .
 Bought this little doll after one daughter received one as a gift . -LRB- The older daughter `` adopted '' the gift , so I needed to buy another for the younger daughter . -RRB- If your little one likes dolls , these are worth the price . While my girls have a basket full of dolls , these are routinely the favorites .
 I bought this ` baby ' for my little Granddaughter because she has such an interest in ` babies ' and she loves it . It 's actually a good size for her age , the clothes are colorful and well made . She is learning about eyes , nose , mouth , etc. plus it has a pleasant fragrance . She enjoys watching Calin 's eyes open and close ; nite-nite . Most of the time she ` loves ' the baby then throws it on the floor ! but then , she 's only 1 year . We 're trying to teach her to lay Calin down and not throw her !! Overall , I think it 's well worth the price and I 'm hoping it will be one of her favorites - maybe even a keepsake ! Thank you Corolle for making a beautiful little ` baby ' for my precious Granddaughter ! Also , thank you Amazon for offering your products to us !
 This laughing calin doll is perfect for young toddlers . She is small and light enough to be carried around easily . Her expression is very pleasant . She is the perfect `` play Mommy '' doll . She appears very well made and durable .
 We gave my 15 month old this doll for Christmas , and she loved it from the first minute . The baby is just the right size for her , and it smells really nice . The clothes are soft and cuddly , though the hat does n't stay on much . I definitely recommend this doll . My 3 year old son loves it too : -RRB-
 I bought this doll for my 2 year old niece and it is a big hit with her . She loves playing with the doll and the outfit is so adorable . This is the second Corolle doll I bought her and I would recommend buying this also .
 I purchased this doll for my 18 month old daughter 2 years ago after looking around for a while . This doll is just the perfect size to tote around and has a really sweet face and nice vanilla smell . `` Nilla baby '' was recently lost on a trip and , despite having about 15 other dolls , we had to buy a replacement to put under the Christmas tree -LRB- she actually sat on Santa 's lap and told him she wanted Nilla baby home for Christmas because she was `` really worried about her '' -RRB- . So now we own # 2 .
 The entire dinosaur model series by Action Products is outstanding . The assembly of the kits is simple and straightfoward and next to impossible to mess up . Once assembled , the figures are quite substantial so make sure you have plenty of available shelf space on which to put them because your children will probably want the entire series . The assembled dinosaurs look fine in their unfinished wood form , but they look fantastic if they 've been painted . A fluorescent lime stegasaurus ? A cherry red tyrannosaurus ? A black-and-white triceratops ? The color is entirely up to you . Spraypainting is definitely the way to go , but if you want your child to have a more hands-on experience you can allow them to use a paintbrush to decorate their creations . And the great thing is they can repaint the dinosaurs a different color whenever they tire of the old colors . Total assembly time -LRB- including the time it takes for the glue and paint to dry -RRB- will vary according to the age of the child , but the average time will be about 5 hours -LRB- which can be spread over a couple of afternoons -RRB- . Paints , paintbrushes -LRB- if used -RRB- , and wood glue are NOT included in the sets so you 'll have to purchase them seperately if you do n't already have them in your household . Amazon recommends these model kits for ages 7 and up , but they 're also appropriate for 5 - and 6-year-olds -LRB- provided they do n't decide to have dinosaur `` wars '' which , in that case , you 'll have to do some regluing -RRB- .
 I bought this product to conduct an official toy review of it for my personal site and for the $ 3.99 I paid for it , I quite honestly expected it to be flimsy and worth only the $ 3.99 I paid for it ; however , I was pleasantly surprised.The toy comes packed as pre-cut pieces on a wooden `` page '' and the pieces pop out easily in order to assemble the toy itself . I expected the pieces to be difficult to push out of the wooden `` page '' ; however they were n't , nor were they thin flimsy pieces that snapped in a heartbeat . The pieces withstand quite a bit of playing around and slotting together the wrong way around etc. . The toy is also pretty easily constructed and much larger than expected when it is complete . As another review above also states , the toy can be customized with paint as well which is a huge bonus as far as i 'm concerned because it allows kids to put their own touch on to it.I highly recommend this toy for anyone , child or grown up alike , for under $ 5 you get craft time , educational value , amazing durability -LRB- assuming you are not smashing these together in play -RRB- and creativity .
 My husband and I love birds . We collect the Audubon birds . The Dark-eyed Junco was a great additon to our collection .
 This is a present for my son ; I am sure he will love , he likes science . Brand new packaging and arrived on time .
 Although some of the experiments take time to see the results , it 's been fun doing them with my son . He is 11 years old and VERY MUCH into science this year . One of his interests is crystals . Fortunately , this kit comes with a few VERY FAST immediate result experiments that were fun to do . Some take up to three days , but they are worth the wait . It does take some adult supervision , but they are very educational . Even my 4 and 6 year old girls are interested in the projects . The directions are easy to follow and all the materials needed are included in the kit . I highly recommend this kit if your child is interested in crystals and watching them grow . : -RRB-
 The Scientific Explorer 's Ultimate Crystal Growining Science KitScientific Explorer 's Ultimate Crystal Growing Science Kitis a great kit for variety and interaction . I got this for my 8 year old grandson who is a real science ` explorer ' and he just loved it . He was into the kit and growing crystals before you could say Jack Robinson . -LRB- Okay , that 's an old saying ! -RRB- He loved that there were so many to grow and all the varieties kept him interested . He is a real fan of science experiments and this kit just kept him involved and enthused through all of the kinds of crystals he was growing . It is a real value for the price and I know that any child interested in science will like it .
 I bought this kit for my rock crazy wife , and she 's having a blast making crystals ! She 's 64 years old . The crystals she 's grown so far are nice sized . The instructions are crystal clear and simple . Measure the chemicals , measure the boiling water , and pour it in a plastic cup is more or less the difficulty of the experiments , and then wait a few days . The longer your willing to be patient , the bigger the crystals . I got her a bunch of little plastic jars to keep them in . She is really happy with this Christmas gift , and I 'm having fun looking at them to ! Think I 'll buy another one .
 I actually purchased 2 of these kits . I bought one for a gift for Christmas for one of my sons and one for myself and my youngest son to see what it would be like . IT WAS AND IS A BLAST . It grows really beautiful crystals . To get really good ones you need to wait longer than it says in the instructions but its worth the wait . You can watch them grow and change and its really educational and fun . I am definitely going to buy more when this kit is gone as its lots of fun . The only downside is that you can not purchase the different packs of crystal growing stuff separately if there is a crystal that you enjoy growing more .
 I gave the ultimate crystal set to my very smart 7 year old neice for a Christmas present . I asked today what she liked or did not like about the crystal set . Overall , she LOVED the set but thought that the instructions were not as clear as they could be . She had two experiments in the kitchen she and her dad had made and she was quite excited about the results.Hope this review is helpful.denise
 Our daughter is really into science . She is 11 years old . She loves this toy . She has had a lot of fun making these crystals . 2 thumbs up !
 purchased as a gift for my niece have n't heard how it went in terms of if she is pleased with the crystals but the package arrived in great condition and within 2 days and my niece was happy with the gift so far .
 This was a gift to my grandson and he was mesmerized and could not wait to start growing the crystals . I told him I did something like that when I was a child , grew rock formations in a fish bowl .
 We bought this kit for our 8 and 4 year old sons to combat summer boredom . So far the crystals have grown as stated on box and actually got much bigger than anticipated.I would reccomend this toy .
 I got this as a Christmas gift for my 3 Granddaughters -LRB- and their Dad -RRB- to share . They love this kind of thing and I think they will really enjoy playing with it .
 When I Mom bought this for me and I 'm intrested in Science !!!!!!!!!!!! You got to buy this it 's great also best of all of them !!!!!!!!!!!! Scientific Explorer 's Ultimate Crystal Growing Science Kit
 This was a great learning experience for our grandsons . They were able to place the crystals in the dishes and then watch them grow . They had a great time checking their dishes each day and watching the crystals grow in the dish . We would recommend this kit to anyone who has a child who is inquisitive and eager to learn new things . The boys really enjoyed the experience of watching their crystals develop .
 I remember growing my own crystals for a science fair when I was a kid . I had tons of fun with it , I had used a kit and a couple of recipes I found . My little cousin likes to do projects like this so I got her this kit for her birthday . She had a blast with it and has been reading up on geology ever since . I 'd recommend it for any curious kid . With crystals it 's part science experiment and part art project ! My favorite ones were the type that glowed in the dark , very cool !
 I have had a problem getting any good crystal growing kits shipped to Canada . This is an excellent kit for a beginner or someone just looking to get the chemicals for other experiments . And no problem with customs about the contents .
 I got this for my 5-year-old son who loves science . The directions are simple , but patience of a 5-year-old is not ! I really wanted him to be involved , but I had to pretty much do the whole thing while he watched and his attention was n't really in it so basically - I had a lot of fun ! I recommend this for maybe 6 years and older . This was my fault being over eager for a project that was for a child too young to have the patience ! And please do n't misunderstand me ! This kit was fun !!!
 A great way to introduce some science into a child 's education . We got this for an eight year old who was fascinated by the kit his friend got for Christmas . This kit seems to be high quality . There lots of different types of crystals to grow which helps keep their interest . NOTE
 It is a great kit for school science . Good quality . My daughter and her friend enjoyed to do their project because it was easy to use and everything you need is included .
 Enjoyed seeing actual crystals grow and the experiments were detailed correctly and tried Parental guidance is necessary for through out these experiments you will need to boil water My daughter used project of blue sapphire sparkled crystals and was able to use scientific method to presentation
 time consuming but fun for tweens on indoor play days . adult supervision recommended . the picture on box is misleading though
 My grand kids loved this and still are experimenting with it . I am glad I got it for them . Good gift .
 This just sits on a chair in my sons room but he loves it ! He is a huge soccer finatic and his favorite color is green . Cute decor for soccer themed room !
 When my wife was pregnant with our twins , her mother gave us two of these bears . They 've become that one stuffed animal that every child `` loves '' more than any other . It 's convenient for us , because they 're smaller than most and have withstood a lot of abuse .
 Kicks the bear is really cute , He loves to laugh and play , But when it comes to football , There is no time to saySCORE !!!
 I love soccer so or course i wanted kicks the soccer bear i had to wait a while to save up for it i even gave up buying candy to save up for it and it finally payed off i got kicks and its totaly durable all the other beanbag i have gotten before all got ripped when me and my sis had beanie baby fight where we throw them at each other and none of ty 's fell apart at all !
 This item arrived promptly in good packaging , and was like new as described . It 's arrival was greatly anticipated , and it has been played with a lot .
 I ordered this for my daughter because she lost her other ` Scat ' beanie baby . It is a very durable toy . The order came quickly in the mail and in very good shape .
 Who does n't love a bear to cuddle ? This bear is exceptional quality and was adored by my partner - so had to have it 's partner to represent both of us : -RRB-
 Bought this as a Valentine gift for my Secret Sister in church . She will love it ! The price was great , brand new item , fast shipping .
 My granddaughter loves this item . The color is beautiful . I just love it . I would recommend this for all little girls .
 when i received hope i was so happy . the adorable bear really gives me hope and whenever i look at it , it reminds me that someone is thinking about me , someone is praying for me , and that no matter what , never give up hope !
 My fiance sent me Hope from the USA as a gift . Hope is a symbol of our love and commitment even though we are an ocean apart . Hope is so special with her closed eyes and praying hands which gives me hope that until the day my fiance and I marry . Hope is a wonderful bear who is so peaceful and filled with so much love . She calms my inner peace everyday as I go along my merry way each day and always know that my fiance loves me and is loyal to me as I am to him . Hope has given much joy all thanks to a wonderful man who loves me and who believes in our love and commitment . Thank you Hope for giving my fiance and I so much Hope until we are permanently together
 He is so cute ! I love what his tag say . You do n't have to be religious to enjoy this beanie . It would make a cute gift for young and old .
 Bought this Beanie for our grandchildren that already had one but needed one for the twin brother . Both use when saying nightly prayers ...
 Out off all the teddy bears I have bought , this one remains one of my favorites . It is very encouraging and unbelievably adorable ! The legs are actually folded behind as if the bear was praying . If you want a minni prayer partner order this bear !
 It was a great toy ! I bought one for my boyfriend in Afghanistan and one for myself . Great product and beanie baby !! = D
 My daughter got this bear on her 1st birthday , now she is three . She just loves it . She never called it a bear , until recently . She calls it her `` baby . '' It is so sweet .
 Hope is the one you should have . If you do n't believe me , I have one of my own . It 's soft and cuddly , and lots of fun . So you should get atleast one ! It can company you in your prayers , it can encourage when your down . So hurry up and get one now . Before your chance is over , and you won ' r regret .
 This toy was so much fun !!! I always pray every night with Hope !! Hope and Princess are the bomb !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 GREAT toy for the grand-kids . They loved it and it entertained them for a long time . I would recommend it to anyone .
 We love this toy , Not made of steel !! -LRB-
 You do n't have to be a baseball fanatic to appreciate this bear , named in honor of Sammy Sosa .
 Now , here 's a Beanie that does n't get old ! With his big , beady eyes and silky fur , how can you not smile ? He is posed in a standing position , and though he does n't sing like the Taco Bell chihuahua toys , he is likable . Beanie collecters will like him , as well children who like dogs , chihuahuas , or simply just Beanie Babies !
 Tiny the Chihuahua is a great little friend to have . He has a great attitude , never complains and is highly portable . The little child that got this gift loved him .
 Got this TY toy because it looks like our pet . It is well made and so cute . Good item to add to your collection of TY 's .
 I love my Tiny the Chihuahua ! He is so cute and I recommend him to collectors , especally if you love chihuahuas like me .
 This is one of the smallest dogs around yet has the biggest heart . He has adorble big brown eyes with black pupils . He is very durable and made of a nice soft honey brown fabric . If you like chihuahuas or dogs in general , this is the dog for you .
 My daughter loves Tiny ! She has renamed him Perrito and she makes him play with her other stuffed animals . She received him for her birthday .
 My 2 year old son is so in love with his `` puppy '' he misses it when it gets washed so I had to order replacements in case he gets lost !
 Bought this as a replacement ` lovey ' for my daughter . It is a perfect match to the one we bought back in 1999 . Fun for the imagination of a little girl carrying around her favorite toy .
 If you have seen some of my previous reviews you will see a theme with the stuffed animals . I like Ty products . I think they make some of the cutest , most quality stuffed animals on the market .
 I ordered this beanie as a gift . I was so happy not only to find Mac at Amazon , but the price was excellent ! I received my order quickly , and Mac appeared to have never been touched or taken out of the plastic bag he was originally wrapped in . My friend , who is 9 years old and a huge St. Louis Cardinals fan , was ecstatic to have Mac . This was also a life lesson for us as he prayed that it might be `` the plan '' for him to have Mac while understanding the possible risk when we place an order with a complete stranger . Imagine how his heart soared when I handed him this precious toy which represents one of his heroes . Some might say , `` It 's a silly toy ! '' but this seller boosted a little boy 's spirits in more ways than imagined . Thank you - thank you !
 mac was a great stocking stuffer for the little girl.shes a little cardinals fan like me so mac was perfect
 Cardinals are special in my family so this was a great stocking stuffer ! My granddaughter was surprised and loved it !
 The TY stuffed bird was as advertized and the little stuffed red bird was so much fun . Our granddaughter was thrilled .
 This cute Beanie Baby served as the inspiration for a poem for my grandchildren , and served to explain why storks and babies go together !
 I love him ! Luke is so cool ! You ` ll never get tired of him !
 I love this product . It is well made and durable . I bought this as a replacement that my daughter lost years ago . I just love black labs ...
 ADORABLE . A great beanie . Ears are `` perky '' , but they can be smoothed down to give another `` lab '' look . Durable for moving from toy bag , to car , and around for play . Wipes off fairly well ... like the other beanies . Bought two more .
 This is a very nice for any kid , or if you have a collection of dogs . It is well constructed and just the right sizes for little hands . It has a nice black and white checkered ribbon tied in a bow around his neck .
 Gave this to my wife on Valentines day to put at her work office to have to reminder her of our real black lab Shelby . She loves it .
 Purchased for my son who loves Black Labradors . Luke is perfect for son 's situation and came in perfect condition . Very happy with purchase !!
 My son was given one of these for donating his toys to the Ronald MacDonald house , and our puppy got a hold of it . I was very excited to find it and get it on time for Christmas . It made a little boy very happy.Thanks so much
 I am not really complaining but the add and the heading indicated that I would receive more than 1 shovel . The shovel is big and sturdy but no `` sandbox toy '' beside the shovel was in the box .
 I have been collecting Beanie Babies since I was in kindergarden and am pleased to be able to continue my collection and pick up beanie 's i have lost
 He was really attached to the first one , when he lost it at his grandpas house he would not stop worrying about finding it . We never did so I bought this replacement , it was in great shape and just like the old one only more fluffy
 My grandson was very happy with the beanie baby . He plays with it all the time and sleeps with it too .
 Amber is the cutest kitty cat . I really love his cute pink nose and pink wiskers . His is well constructed . My daughter loves the fact he looks like our real cat .
 Daughter sleeps with this toy every night and it gets carried around most of the day , love the cat beanie babies , great product , great price and quick shipping !
 I bought this tabby about 11 years ago for my daughter , old amber as she is called now does n't look much like the photo but I had to get her a buddy so I bought her new amber . These are still my daughter 's favorite toys/buddies . Old amber has been repaired a few times with stitching and such but they are very well made . New Amber is left home most of the time while old Amber comes along for the daily adventures with my daughter . When she gets home , I am told the old Amber lets New Amber in on what she saw .
 My son started Pre-K and wanted an orange kitty to sleep with . I found this and had to buy it . He loves it !
 My daughter loves small stuffed cats . This one is very soft and can be posed many different ways since it 's not in a posed position like alot of the other beanie cats . She loves it !
 What can I say . He 's cute . I love stuffed animals . I find that Ty puts out a very quality product . I do n't always like the names they give so I often change their names .
 Quick delivery of this item in the holiday season.Better than I expected . Brand new Ty beanie babies goatee the goat with tag attached .
 The best stuffed goat out there it is soft and sturdy lol its actually the only stuffed goat I ever got but who cares I love it .
 I bought this for my friend as a joke . It 's so cute and he loved it :-RRB- I just wish it was more malleable so I could put it in different positions . But I would totally buy it again .
 Gave these at Christmas to signify that a real goat had been given to a poor family -LRB- to helpfeed their family -RRB- in their name . Excellent price and quality
 Purchased this as an inside joke with my fianc&eacute; and was pleasantly surprised to see my purchase went towards helping children in need .
 As odd as it may sound , I have a friend who has a fascination with goats . I bought this as a gag gift for him . But the goat itself is a very cute toy . Soft fabric , little size , and just good quality material . Beanie babies ! Ca n't go wrong there !
 This is possibly the best toy goat you will ever find . Beanie babies are awesome , and I 've always loved them . Got this one for a frat brother in college after slaughtering some goats . Perfect find .
 My granddaughter loved her goatee and it 's great to get something that 's a little different than the same old bear or kitty .
 Arrived early then said and was in clean shape . Only thing bad about it was Poor thing couldnt breath in the Bag that she came in and She didnt come with Food or Water . BUT Shes all Better now .
 He plays with it all the time , even sleeps with it , it is soft , cuddly and huggable , very cute and it is a Polar Bear , an endangered species we need to teach our children to protect !
 My daughter was given about 10 beanie babies . THIS was her favorite one , and I 'm afraid we 've lost her somewhere . Buying two so we have a back up bear ! She 's soft , well constructed , and looks like a real bear rather than a teddy bear -LRB- our daughter does n't like `` fake '' looking animals toys - she 's 2yrs . -RRB-
 My son lost his favorite toy so we had to replace it with this one . I even asked the vendor if he could remove the label and he kindly did it .
 Mooch arrived safe and sound . My son loves him . We already have one Mooch but each child wanted their own .
 Mooch is awesome . I never had a chance to collect Beanie Babies as a kid and I am deciding to now . I love Mooch in that he is a spider monkey and fits well with the other Beanie Babies I have -LRB- not from the actual BB collection , but others I have received as a gift or just randomly -RRB- . He 's very durable and the quality is great .
 mooch is the best monkey ty has made ! Mooch is awesome ! i suggest to monkey fans or just ty fans or just people .
 So this was kinda a gag gift . But it brought back fond memories for my daughter . She had this as a little girl . She was always bummed when we talked of fuzz , cause she lost him . So on christmas when she was 15 I got Fuzz . She was so happy and confussed . It was cute . She was baffled cause she was older and I got her a stuffed bear . I told her , I still have my first bear and we will just say Fuzz was on a vacation and he came back to you .
 The Fuzz bear was exactly what i thought it was and my grandson loved it !! He had an old one that he has almost worn out .
 This adorable little bear was the perfect pick me up for my 12 yo daughter who was having a tough time adjusting to being away from home for camp . Nice product , great price .
 I purchased a bunch of these as give-away items at a Teddy Bear Tea I hosted . They are very cute and sit upright very nicely . The price ca n't be beat either .
 I love this Ty babies . . It came in three days and it came a day after my daughters birthday . . I already bought two and gon na buy three . . To give as gifts . . but kinda expensive . . !!!
 It 's the best mis I ever had . He is so cute . He can go on for 10 years until you lose him in Mexico . He even fell into a trashcan yogurt , and the mud and was okay .
 My son loves this ` toy ' to keep track of his change . I do n't know how it would handle a higher volume of coins , but for our purposes , its just right .
 this is a great `` toy '' for kids who like banks . it sorts money in a snap !
 one of the best toys . low education , but a lot of fun ! a best friend for hippity , floppity , and flippity !
 I think Hippie is one of the greatest Ty Beanie Babies of all time.I do n't have a lot of beanie babies , but out of the few I have and the many I have seen , Hippie is my favorite . Its not very educational , but its cuteness makes up for it . I highly recommend this toy .
 Hippie the tye-dyed bunny is cute and cuddly and easily cleaned up ! No mess , no fuss , just pick up and put on a windowsill or in a toy box . It 's outside is made of the finest soft `` fur '' , while the inside is filled with HDPE pellets , a durable type of plastic . It 's educational in that you can buy multiples and teach a young child to count . I reccomend this toy for even the 1 or 2 year olds , as long as they ca n't tear open the outside and eat the pellets :-RRB- Hippie is even a memoir of the 60 's for those stressed-out soon-to-be senior citizens . This is one hip bunny . Being filled with beans makes this lil guy poseable
 Thrilled to finally get this after wanting one many years ago . Came in great condition with a perfectly mint tag . Highly recommend
 for all of you ty lovers out there , here is one of the best ! hippie has the same body design as hippity , hoppity , and floppity , but in fabulous tye-dyed pastels . definitely a must for any ty or bunny collector !
 this is a great boat , fun for adults and children alike . it is well put together , easy to sail even the first time out.does not handle stiff winds well , but will sail beautifully in the lightest of breezes .
 Only the rudder is controled and it sails best in light wind . Fun and chalenging to sail .
 You just have to take one look at this little dog 's face , and you will just burst out laughing because she is so unbelieveably cute . Her expression is priceless.This Creativity for Kids Princess Poodle from A.W. Fabar Castell will allow you to put her all together , and add various ribbons , a crown , and other paraphernalia suitable to pink poodles with adorable faces!If you are looking for a few giggles , some creative fun , and the pleasure and pride of introducing all the neighborhood to your new `` baby , '' I certainly recommend this totally fun toy for kids , teens or adults .
 My 4.5 year old daughter loves this toy . She liked decorating it and has been playing non-stop with it for days now . We have purchased a different brand of a stuff/decorate your toy -LRB- a bear -RRB- . This poodle from Faber Castell is very good quality and design . The poodle has good stitching and the feet and head are already stuffed , so with the more than enough stuffing provided for the body , the poodle is a really sturdy and good looking toy . The fur is very soft and cute . The size of the toy is perfect . The collar is a great addition and something my daughter wanted and enjoyed -LRB- she had been making her own collars for her other stuffed dogs -RRB- . It attaches with a Velcro closure so it can be put on other toys . The crown is also sturdy construction and fits the dog very well . The only complaints are 1 -RRB- only about half of the jewel stickers used for decorating ended up coming off the paper with their stickiness still in tact and usable - however , half of the jewels was enough for decorating , so it ended up being fine and 2 -RRB- the stickers provided for the heart shaped charm/ID tag for the collar do not stick , but the charm is cute enough without the stickers .
 I purchased the Pink Princess Poodle for my niece as a Christmas gift and she absolutely loves it . STUFF IT . . DECORATE IT . . LOVE IT . . !!
 I bought this craft for my god daughter 's sleep over party . THEY loved them . Very durable , fun and surprisingly time consuming . -LRB- keep them busy ! -RRB- I got them on sale so I was n't sure of the quality but they were very nice , with sturdy crafts to add to each puppy . Would make a great gift for 7-10 year olds . -LRB- even older as well -RRB-
 Great and well made little toy . This is the second one , I had to get another because I have 2 daughters and they loved the 1st one so much .
 What a cute sheep ! Ewe ca n't believe how much my daughter loved getting this . Very cute and plush . Best sheep toy around !
 Used this in our `` store '' for good behavior rewards . Comparable to other Beanie Babies in all respects -LRB- size , quality , washability , etc. -RRB- . We 're pleased with it overall .
 This is a very engrossing game . If you like to organize things , just so , this is the activity for you . You can really puzzle over how to match the blocks both internally and externally , or you can just focus on the external organization . Or , if you have really little kids -LRB- like , under age 3 -RRB- , you can use the blocks for building imaginary things , like the Great Wall of China . You can use these blocks as a one-person game or with a bunch of people , and there are no winners or losers . It 's just a good be-together or be-alone activity . Truly `` Zen '' blocks . I love this toy and have used it for ten years now . Highly recommended .
 I bought this game to encourage interactive play . It 's very hard to keep more than 1-2 people actively involved , but it 's a great quiet game for 1 or 2
 this was a gift for my wife . she loved . it . we got some laugh from this little ty and its now with the rest of her collection .
 When my son realized that he had accidentally donated one of his favorite beanies , he wanted to use his own money to buy a new one online . I was n't sure if we 'd get one that would soothe the ache in his little heart , but we found a good price , in brand new condition , and we got it sooner than they promised . He and I were both thrilled with our experience . Thanks !
 My granddaughter has a ton of stuffed animals and is crazy about all of them.But this is the one she holds close everywhere she goes.He 's well-constructed -LRB- we 've come to expect that from TY -RRB- , has just the right amount of stuffing to make him very squeezable , and he 's dang cute !
 Bought this for my nephew for Christmas . It is so cute ! Prickles is very soft , and I like the bean stuffing . It feels good to hold . Plus -- a hedgehog ! Very educational as we do n't see many hedgehogs in Oregon .
 This toy is awesome . I play with it with my classmates -LRB- 5th Grade . -RRB- we have wars and fight over it , and it never gets damedged . It is durable an soft too . I LOVE PRICKLES .
 Purchased this hedgehog after my husband -LRB- and our 6 year old son -RRB- lost the hedgehog he already owned . It got left behind at a McDonalds and was never found . My son has a relationship with all his stuffed animals and although this one is not the same one he lost , it made for a decent substitute . It is very cute and cuddly . And my son really likes it .
 My daughter enjoys this toy . Button eyes are not good for the younger kids , but it does hold up well .
 Very high quality product as any other ty beanie baby . I love the bright colors and the soft velvetty fabric .
 My dad bought this toy for my newborn daughter . At first she was n't very into it , but now that she is 4 months old , this is her favorite toy . She loves being able to throw it around . She is able to grab on to the tentacles as well as the body . Although it is not marketed as an infant toy , it is a great toy . Also , you can hang it from the tag on the loops for playgyms and strollers .
 My son is really into jellyfish right now so I thought this would be a very nice surprise for him
 This is one of the most adorable of all of the adorable Beanie Babies for sale . My granddaughter collects them and I have to admit , I kind of like them too !
 This is a real cute dog . He is made of a soft white fabric with a brown spot on his back and eye . He has cute black eyes , nose , and mouth . He is well constructed and holds up to a 5 1/2 year old playing with him . He would be ideal as a friend to any kid .
 My son absolutely loves his `` letters . '' He knew all the letters and numbers at 2 , and although this is rated for children 3 and up , I felt he was old enough for it . We do n't pressure him to do this . He just wants to play with these letters -LRB- and the magnetic board -RRB- . My mother was impressed at how large the letters are , and that they are much nicer than the set I had as a child . They are durable and colorful - we intend to start teaching him small words like `` car , '' `` cat , '' and `` dog '' using this set .
 Grandchildren love these letters . The refrigerator will never look boring again -LRB- they like it better than the magnetic board I purchased - must be a kid thing - oh well ! -RRB-
 These leeter are large and durable . My 20-month-old loves to play with them on the refridgerator . The magnets are strong and well-placed . This product was well worth the money .
 Size is perfect for my toddler . She enjoys putting the letters on the refrigerator . Keeps her busy for a while . I recoomend this product
 We bought these letters for our 2 little ones -LRB- 3 years and 17 months -RRB- to play with on their art easel . They Love them ! Great investment and educational tool .
 I bought this for my 3 children to set up outside in the summer . I decided to set it up in the dining area instead for now and they have n't come out since . It was so easy to set up , took me and my spouse less than an hour and looks great . The bell is cool but not too noisy and the phone is a big hit . My son likes to park his `` car '' in the driveway : - -RRB-
 I recently purchased this outdoor playhouse for my 21-month-old daughter . I found the product online , but was able to get it at Toys R Us for about the price online -LRB- and I did n't have to pay shipping -RRB- . Overall , it is a great toy . Seems to be big enough for 2 children to play inside together , but there are other things to do outside and around the playhouse if there are more than 2 children.One downside is the entrance into the playhouse . The porch leads into the house but is not level with the ground and leaves a step down which children can easily trip over . My daughter stumbled the first time she entered the house , but now is aware that she needs to watch her step.My daughter loves the skylight , mail slot , doorbell , and phone ... all big crowd pleasers . The front bench is very fun and sturdy . There could be more to play with inside the house , but I guess that what imaginations are for.The only reason this playhouse did not get 5 stars is because of the safety issue with the front porch leading into the house . The manufacturers could have thought that idea out a bit better .
 It was easy to put together and strudy enough . What I was disappointed to find out is that the inside of the house does not have a floor .
 If your a rat fan or know somebody who is , you ca n't go wrong with Tip Toe the Rat . Incredibly cute and soft . If your search for a rat plush toy has left you exhausted this is perfect , and a good size . A chance to show your love for a poor misunderstood creature .
 Great beanie baby , got it for a friend for a secret santa/inside joke present , he loved it !
 I purchased several of these as presents , and all recipients were very pleased with the toy !
 Very good quality and attention to details . The exterior color is brilliant and the interior details are also very nice . Hood , doors and back seat/trunk all operable . Happy with the model .
 I have been collecting Beanie Babies since I was in kindergarden and am pleased to be able to continue my collection and pick up beanie 's i have lost
 The Beanie Snail is very cute and soft . If you know someone who likes snails they will love this one.Also , the color is a soft pink .
 Overall , this was a great gift for my nephew , who is 5 1/2 . He enjoyed decorating the cars , and then racing them with his dad . They go surprisingly fast given that it is just a pull-back action . The only problem was that the wheel on one car kept falling off -LRB- until fixed with some tape -RRB- . Otherwise , 5 stars for creativity and fun . Also , he continued to play with the racing aspect of the cars for many days after he finished painting them .
 We got these for our son 's 5th birthday party . He and his friends painted them as they arrived , then after cake put on the stickers . Once stickers were on , they raced them . They got to take them home -LRB- rather than the traditional goody bag of junk -RRB- . My only complaint is that the stickers do n't stick well . One also broke , although a year later , the ones that my boys made are still in tact.These were really great and served our purpose very well .
 I bought this for my 4 year old nephew and he could n't wait to start painting . I have to tell you - he did a great job ! He was very content and could n't wait for the paint to dry so he could play with them .
 Sanding and painting and putting wheels on . Especially good for the mechanically inclined -LRB- we have a girl and a boy that both are makers and tinkerers . The quality was good . I 'd hoped they were a bit larger , but they are ok as is .
 I bought this for 3 boys , ages 3 , 5 and 7 . All had a blast painting and decorating the cars , although the stickers do not stay on very well . They are great racing cars and have been out non stop since the day the paint was dry
 not quite as flashy as the others like this but children liked it and enjoyed painting ita a a a
 This was a gift for my 4 year old nephew . He loves cars , and was excited to be able to make cares himself !!
 My son -LRB- 41/2 yrs -RRB- got this as his christmas gift & he absolutely loved it from first sight . Painting the car is soo much fun both for me & for him ;--RRB- Thoroughly enjoyed painting the cars & sticking the stickers . The stickers are not that effective to stick in the cars , but thats OK i guess ... from now on , am gon na buy lots of painting toys for my son so that I cud enjoy it :--RRB- Highly recommended for big boys - cars & paint - whats not to love abt it ? ; - -RRB-
 This is an excellent craft project for kids that can then provide hours of additional amusement . It 's great for a rainy day or as a fun project to do together . Once completed the cars can be raced or used as decoration .
 I gave it all 5 stars just because my nephew loved it so much . He is very hard to please at 9 yrs old and this was something he really enjoyed . He likes hands on things and race cars so there you go .
 My grandsons love to paint things . They really painting and detailing these little wooden race cars and had races all afternoon with them . Not sure how much they were played with after that , but the veh are very durable and will last a long time .
 I 'm not sure why , but this is my favorite beanie baby . I bought it over 10 years ago for $ 6 . It was worth every penny . It 's just so cute and fun looking . I dragged this around with me everywhere I went . The only downside to it is that its white , and after the 10 years traveling with me , it has gotten dirty . That 's why I want to get another one . The price for this is great . Get it , you 'll like it .
 I bought this for my wife which is said to be a chicken ! Haha no she 's not , my family and I gave her that nickname and well she seemed to like it quite a bit . On our anniversary I bought her this and a card with a chicken and she loved it ! The toy is small and nice , durable if you do n't give it to your dog , and its nice to have if you like to sleep with stuffed animals . Great little treat for your special one .
 This item was ordered with a similar Ty product , the small bunny . It completely meets my expectations in that these two beanies will be added to an Easter basket . The `` fun '' is in their cuteness .
 its cute , small , and great for a girlfriend that loves little chickens great price and it will make any girl go &#34; awwww &#34; she was happy with it and that makes me happy
 Goldilocks might actually be the cutest of all the Topsy Turvy Dollies we own . She 's perfectly sweet . I found this doll to be unusual because the skirt is all a cotton/poly blend as opposed to the nylon on one or both sides.Ok . It took me a minute to figure out the bears and what head belonged to who . Papa Bear has the back of his overalls going up the back of the doll . He is the main head with his arms around everyone . Mama bear is tilted to the side and she is holding onto a VERY small Baby Bear . Baby was turned to the side and hidden under the arms of it 's parents when I got it . But with a little fluffing I figured out what was going on . My toddler just said `` Oh , cute ! `` This doll is also about 11 '' tall and is surface washable .
 Cute , especially the Goldilocks side . The bears kind of look like a 3-headed creature , but kids get the idea . Very good for story telling time .
 This is the second Topsy Turvy I have bought and sent to my neice!She is just a year old ! She loves her babies ! Perfect for story timeand for keeping her busy . I love these and will get her the whole set !
 My 5 year old daughter loves the goldilocks and the three bears topsy turvy doll . It really makes the story come alive .
 I got both of my neices the goldilocks doll and have decided to begin a tradition of getting them all of them on birthdays & other holidays . I remember a friend having one as a child and was excited to know I could still get a similar version . It would be great to sell them with the book though , found it very difficult to find Goldilocks story book at any of the local bookstores .
 my youghest grandaughter is 4 years old I had found Little Red Riding hood Topsy Tuurvy Doll at a Thrift Store I cant tell you how many times I read her the books while shes plays with the dolls just love them glad I was able to find them thru Amazon
 These bobble heads , are cute as can be . The paint works well on their fur , and the additional decorations are also easy to apply though some additional clear glue might be needed for better staying power . My -LRB- grown -RRB- sisters and I had a blast decorating these when we were all home at Christmas last year and I 'm sure children would have even more fun with them . All in all these poodles are darling .
 I ordered this kit for my two sisters and I to do . We have several poodles of our own , so this kit was especially fun for us . The bobbles themselves are about 5 inches tall and 3 inches wide . You get 1 black , 1 pink , and 1 purple poodle . You also get some rhinestones and colored paint . The paint and glitter that it comes with are n't that great . We used glitter glue instead . Also , you might want to use Elmer 's clear glue to glue the rhinestones , b/c the provided glue did not hold very well.The poodles are adorable and make a cute accessory to any room . I love mine !
 This is a really cute red bear . It has two ribbons tied in a bow around it 's neck -LRB- green and white -RRB- . It has a Mexican flag sawn on it chest . It is made of a nice soft red fabric and is very nicely done . It would add a nice mexican flavor to any bear collection .
 I am currently constructing a diorama in HO scale of a Roundhouse , turntable and service facilities . This unit fits right in . Once weathered and customized it will be part of this showpiece . It is well worth the money and I recommend it to anyone for their model RR layout .
 The only problem is that the coal in the bunkers is tan . There is not alot of room to paint it .
 The toy itself is very cute and was purchased for our daughter . Tiny and weighs just a few ounces . However , do n't make the mistake we did of purchasing it from THE TOY SHELF . COM . When we left seller feedback commenting the toy 's shipping seem over priced for the weight and value of the item , MARK at THE TOY SHELF sent two rude and abusive emails to our personal email address , obviously trying to harrass and intimidate us because we made a single one-sentence comment that was true . Nice toy , but buyer beware of this seller !
 very cool ty it was package nicely cant wait to give it to my daughter i wished it had the ty tag covered but thats an easy fix
 Now who does n't love seahorses . This one is oh so cute and fits in well with my granddaughter 's collection of Beanie Babies .
 I was looking for the Peace Bear when I found Neon the Ty-Dyed Seahorse . I love seahorses so I added him to my basket and now he has a home in my home . Neon has a satiny finish in a pale sea green color but I would consider him more of a collectable than a toy . He arrived in perfect condition and I am very happy with my Amazon Marketplace purchase from MarEToys .
 My girlfriend has a thing for seahorses and this was a cute little surprise gift -LRB- part of a bigger gift of course -RRB- . The beanie baby is actually bigger than expected -LRB- about 6 inches in height -RRB- .
 So , so , so cute ! Even looks better than the picture . My daughter is going to love it . Glad I bought it .
 This was a great gift for my son . The toy was shipped promptly and with no hassle .
 We received a kit as a gift and then I bought 2 more to give away as birthday gifts . The 6-10 year old set love this kit - easy to do , can do without supervision by mom , and then you can immediately use them . The only downside is that there is a risk that the flip flops will be too big/small for giftee .
 What can we say about TROLLS ? Their first impact on the U.S. toy market came in 1961 . In 2006 they are `` OH , SO NOW '' with their bared tums . However , I predict the popularity of Troll Dolls will long outlast the not-so-couture contribution to the current fashion scene.Trolls have been popular with many ages - they appeal to the young with their droll humor - they blend as easily with caves built of creek rocks & bracket fungi as with prairie fortresses of Lincoln Logs , or even Bratz cafes . They will blend handsomely with today 's action figures -LRB- even including fairies & knights -RRB- . In other words , Trolls do what any good toy should do - - they fire up the imagination & bring out instincts dormant since caveman days . Dress them if you 're feeling puritanical , or if your sense of humor is irrepressible ! You can give them names from caveman comics - or something more sophisticated , like `` Clive '' ? Reviewer mcHAIKU hopes you enjoy this great revival of Trolls - - but perhaps not to the point of copying their hair styles .
 We purchased this toy as a present for a little boy for his 2nd birthday . He is fascinated by tops and we picked this top because it had two levels and a lot going on visually . He loves it and plays with it frequently . The bonus was that the other kids in our preschool -LRB- aged 2-5 -RRB- love it as well . It 's holding up well with 12 preschoolers using it !
 My twins love it , it is so cute and so much fun . Not obnoxious sounding and not to hard to make it `` poppity pop '' !
 Nice toy . Wanted toy to match grandson to be 's frog themed room . I think the postage cost me more than the toy , though . Otherwise , grandson will enjoy it and he will play with it over and over . Nice colors .
 This item was bigger than expected which was a very nice surprise . It has lasted for several years used by one boy then passed on to his younger brother when he was interested in looking a bugs . It is easy to store on a shelf and find when suddenly a bug springs up that a boy wants to take a closer look at . the mesh cover is somewhat transparent but the best view is from the clear acrylic door not the side . No bug has ever accidentally escaped yet .
 Silver looks more like one of the wild cats in the beanie baby series to me , than just a silver tabby cat . But that 's what makes it special . Short fur and cuddly .
 Cute kitty . Very soft . Good quality , durable and cuddly . Fits great in a purse or pocket . Purrfect for any cat lover .
 This is a really cute kitty . He has a gray striped fabric and cream colored fabric on his feet , around the face and in the ears . He has blue eyes w/black pupils . His nose , wiskers , and mouth are pink . He is absolutely adorable and soft , just the right size for my 5 1/2 year old daughter to play with .
 My son really likes cats , and so for Christmas every year I buy him one . This cat is very cute and cuddly . He loves it !
 Daughter loves this cat , she sleeps with it every night and the size makes it easy .
 The HO Girder Bridge has been installed on a train platform that I created for my grandchildren . The product was well packaged and arrived quickly in perfect condition . It 's a nice addition to add realism to the HO train setup .
 I bought this for my little one thirteen years ago ... even though she has moved on to bigger and better things ... I still find myself playing with the Willy Mix-up toy ...
 I like to place the tall tunnel after the hill on the track so that the child can feel the thrill when he sends the train down the hill and it goes through the tunnel and comes out on the other side .
 The snowflakes are just what I was looking for . They are cute with plenty of room to write a note .
 this and others of same were purchased for a children 's hospital emergency room as a christmas gift . They are enjoyed thoroughly and I purchase similar every year .
 I have rated this item a little bit lower because it does not come with anything else besides these two train tracks . These two wavy train tracks need something under them to build a hill/bridge . It would be nice if you could buy a set with blocks that could be used to hold up the pieces . We have used a small blocks from our own block set to hold up the pieces and that worked fine.These are sturdy pieces that have been through three kids playing and playing and stepping on them and setting them up and taking them down and so on . They have made our train tracks much more fun.Well worth the money . Just be warned you will need something to ` hold up the hill/bridge ' . Enjoy .
 30 years and 5 children later these tracks are still in great shape ! They are now being passed down to a two year old boy who is currrently playing with them at my feet . They still have many years left in them .
 BRIO is the most durable and has the best quality wooden train on the market . I would highly recommend having at least 2 sets of these pieces . My son uses them in his train roadway building every time he makes a train roadway . A definite must have .
 My son loves these but they do come loose sometime depending if he 's a little rough with his trains .
 I bought these blocks when my son was 14 months old , and they 've been one of his favorite toys ever since . I bought the Braille version because , as an elementary teacher turned stay-at-home mom , I wanted him to see both the upper AND lower case letters ! He LOVES these blocks - always building and knocking down towers , and he loves to run around the house saying the name of the letter he 's carrying !! I highly recommend these - bigger and more durable than most others on the market , and the Braille version includes lower case letters !
 Every component needed for a good toy is here : * Educational * Stimulates the senses with touch and appealing theme * Well-made , and Not in China!As you can tell , I enjoy these the same as my 2 year old . Would highly recommend this product .
 These blocks are attractive and well-made . But I do have a problem with them . Not knowing braille , I felt the braille lettering to see if I could distinguish it . I really ca n't clearly feel it.I think the `` bumps '' need to be deeper and larger , to make the braille lettering more clear . I hate to criticize such a fine product , but I do think this would make it better and more useful .
 My 15 month old daughter has enjoyed this toy since about 10 months . Before she could walk she would push it along as she crawled . As an early walker , she pulled it behind her , now as a steady walker she pushes it ahead of her , as intended . It 's a great , battery-free toy . Dog has solid wood construction with leather ears . I like that the push/pull apparatus is wood rather than string - eliminating the strangulation hazard .
 love that the part of the bridge that goes over the tract and has the tunnel cut out for the train to go over is one solid piece . Some other brands have that part of the bridge as two pieces and the bridge is always collapsing . what i do n't like is the round plastic pieces that connect it to the rest of the train tract . If you 're going to make a wooden train track make it all wood please . A friend of ours has this bridge and she 's already lost one of the plastic round pieces that connects it to the rest of the track .
 I had this exact same bridge for my Brio set growing up ! After visits to Grandma 's house we finally decided to purchase one along with some of the Brio train sets . Our daughters face lite up the moment she opened it on her birthday and has been playing with it every since . It is very durable , and I know we will be enjoying it in our home for years to come !
 I was extatic to find these blocks . I am a blind mom of a sighted three year old and frankly their is not very many supporting toys out their for me to be able to teach my child . I will buy this for lots of blind parents !! Thank you !!
 The shamrocks are colorful , durable and the write size for large bulleting board type displays . It will make a lovely display in March for Irish Heritage Month .
 The Curtiss P40 was a single-seat , all-metal fighter and ground attack aircraft that first flew in 1938 . In its various guises it was named the Warhawk -LRB- all USAAC marks -RRB- , Tomahawk or Kittyhawk -LRB- where operated by British Commonwealth and Soviet air forces , depending , again , on the Mark -RRB- . It served with many Allied air forces and in pretty much every theatre of the war and , operated by theThe Flying Tigers -LRB- volunteer American airmen serving in the Chinese air force -RRB- it distinguished itself against the Japanese . Although its performance meant that it struggled against contemporary high performance fighters it did nevertheless manage to hand out some punishment as an air superiority fighter , at times suffering severe losses , but also taking a very heavy toll on enemy aircraft.There are various kits of this good looking little plane in 1/72 and 1/48 including anAirfixoffering in much the same price band . I 'm in no position to comment with any authority on that kit but I understand it to be fairly elderly so it may be a little rough round the edges . This Academy version is certainly a high quality piece of plastic with finely engraved panel lies -LRB- very fine - care will be needed to keep them alive and well -RRB- , razor sharp trailing edges and some nice detailing in the ` pit . I 'm about half way through building the kit and have encountered no problems in construction - the various parts pretty much fall together with virtually invisible seams and there is likely to be no need for any filler.It comes with the option to build two versions , the Allied air force P40M Kittyhawk III or the P40N Kittyhawk IV , the differences being in slightly different canopy configurations and different main gear wheels . The decals allow you to complete it as a USAAC machine -LRB- which would be a Warhawk - are you keeping up with this ? -RRB- , two RAF Kittyhawks or an RAAF machine from the Pacific theatre . The USAAC and RAF decal set include the distinctive sharkmouth designs for the chinscoop . You may gather that some care will be needed to ensure that the correct decals are matched to the correct design differences . The kit also includes a nicely represented centreline bomb -LRB- which can be replaced with an auxilliary fuel tank -RRB- A very nice little kit indeed.Don ' t forget the styrene glue andcanopy glueas well as theMicro SolandMicro Setdecal setting solutions . The RAAF machine should be finished in Deep Green topsides with a Neutral Grey underside . The interior should be finished in Yellow Green .
 My daughter saved her allowance for Barbie furniture , and picked this out ... like most Barbie items it would help to have an engineering degree to assemble , but it 's not as bad as the other reviews would have you believe . It does n't come with a lot of food items , but I do n't mind a Barbie set with fewer small pieces . The only gripe I have about this toy is the lack of a table and chairs .
 This is better than the kitchen I had . I would agree that the food should be objects rather than cardbord and stickers . Because cardboard and stickers ar n't any fun and it is just cheap . I think this is one of the better barbie furniture sets available . Young children are smart these day 's and I do n't think the small thing 's are too much of a danger they are what makes barbie things fun .
 There are many props like this , yet for the price this one is one of the best ! It 's more capable of delivering an impression than other pens . Highly recommended as I use it in my parlos magic tricks.By Rasputin
 Wondering which books to choose for your students or children ? You can never go wrong with books which have been awarded the Caldecott Medal . This book helps you go beyond the end of the book . The activities are age-appropriate and educational . I recommend this to teachers and parents .
 We needed more engines to use with our bargain train set - this worked great - LOL it might have been our three year old grandson 's favorite gift !
 Item is very well made and well suited to house a mah jong set including pushers .
 I purchased this as a gift for my daughter-in-law as the case for her set was badly deteriorated . I had initially intended to make a new one from scratch but when I started to price out the components and wood for the project I found that buying this one from Amazone was a better value .
 I love this little bird ! I actually was able to use its likeness to accurately identify one of these little cuties in my front yard . Very fun !
 My 6 year old Son saw these at the local public museum and has started to collect these great birds . They are hard to find in town , thank goodness for Amazon . Good educational value as he is really learning a lot about different birds and their habitats . Birds are durable and their sounds are very realistic -LRB- the dog always gets excited when she hears them -RRB- . Overall a great value .
 Completely surprised to find this item available . It is my niece 's current favorite bird & I never would have thought it would have been so easy to find . Very happy with purchase .
 Four-year-old grandson so into birds - he loved it and was so happy because we had nests out back of tufted titmouses with babies that hatched .
 I purchased the disney princess and pirates of the caribean cutter for my kids for christams . I took it out of the box to check it out and make sure it worked as said here what I found out ... This thing really does work , instead of actually cutting it puts alot of little holes like perferation . It worked with ease and was easy to pop out the cut out -LRB- it almost fell out -RRB- . I read on here one person had a hard time getting it to work and said you would have to move really really slow to actually cut it out well my opinion is that they needed to change the batteries because I did not AT ALL have this problem.SAFETYto test the safety I pressed the cutter against my skin and turned it on ... it did not feel good but it also did not hurt and did not break the skin :-RRB- but now it itches LOLMy recommendation is to buy it , I think my kids are going to have a great time with this
 This thing is actually pretty cool . My 7 year old daugter likes it . We got two expansion packs , which included a fashion designer pack . Using the cutter she can make her own fashion patterns . Yes , it does take longer to cut patterns out using this than it would using a pair of scissors ; but scissors are n't this cool . It actually works like a tattoo gun . Keep that in mind with younger kids - there is a sharpish needle moving up and down that does the cutting . Overall , pretty cool idea . We will see how long it lasts .
 My 4 1/2 year old daughter received a Crayola Cutter for Christmas and she LOVES it . Yes , you have to move the pen slowly and hold it straight up and down , but I explained that to her before she got started and neither issue seems to deter her from cutting and enjoying it.However , her patience may be the result of her experience with an activity at her Montessori school . They do ` push pinning ' , where the children manually perforate construction paper to cut out shapes . Compared to that tedious activity , this is a breeze . So if your child has attended a Montessori program and done push pinning , he/she will probably love this .
 I do n't know why people keep saying this thing is dangerous just because of what it looks like . People are equating it to a tattoo needle ! Anyways , it 's NOT dangerous , I 've heard of many adults actually turning it on on their own hand to make sure it 's safe and IT IS . I 've never heard of someone -LRB- or their kids -RRB- getting cut with this thing . Crayola would be pretty dumb to market this thing as safe if it was n't . That would be a lawsuit waiting to happen and they know it.In any case , I personally think this cutter is pretty neat and is a blast for all kinds of projects . If someone buys it and it does n't work all that well , just return it and be done with it , yanno ? And of course if you love it , well , keep it and have fun !
 I got this for my daughter for Christmas , but I opened it and tested it to be sure it was in working order . It works beautifully and I could spend hours playing with it !! It actually makes TINY perforations in the paper , but when you go slowly in your desired pattern , it actually looks as if you 've used an exacto knife . I made small , intricate patterns in the middle of a piece of paper and the shape popped right out and it looked great . I also like that the stylus pen is n't attached to the cutting board so it 's great for left-handed or right-handed users . It 's also nice to be able to position the stylus where it feels most comfortable in relation to the cutting board.I know my 7-yr-old will have fun with this for years to come as she is always cutting and creating new projects.I recommend this for anyone 's child who is an arts and crafts nut like my daughter . I can also see this coming in handy with school projects down the road.Note that you ca n't currently purchase extra blade tips separately from crayola , but the box contains one extra one . However , I spoke with a rep from their customer serivce area and she said the blades should last for a long , long time if used on the recommened types of paper and cards , etc. ...
 I may not be the youngest `` kid '' anymore , but being the type that loves to create arts and crafts , I figured purchasing this for a little more than $ 20 bucks is a decent price for something that could make cutting easier in those tiny , hard-to-reach places x-acto knives ca n't reach easily.The product is relatively solid and built very well . I was expecting less . Though the perforating cutting tip which often errs may not be the most precision tool around , for the price it 's to be expected . But use it with a ruler and you 'll get very straight cuts . It 's also great to ` score ' paper where you 'd like a fold instead of a cut . Unlike the previous reviewer , I ca n't agree that cuts will ever come out x-acto blade-smooth ; the paper will fray no matter how slow you cut . However , if you want x-acto-quality cuts you should buy an xacto blade . ; -RRB- I 'm not too sure just how kid-safe this item is . Oftentimes the blade -LRB- which is essentially a tiny ice pick -RRB- will stop in the exposed position , though it 's hardly exposed enough to cause any serious harm to anything but an eye . I 've touched the blade lightly to my finger while it was activated to see if there was potential to be dangerous to children , but it would probably take a firm press to break the skin -LRB- of course , I did n't want to test that any further -RRB- . It 's stated on the box that kids should be supervised while using this machine , so do n't leave it with them while you do other things . No matter how safe it may seem , kids always get into the kinds of trouble you never expect while you 're not looking.The required two C batteries do n't seem like they 'll last very long , and the unit specificially says on its battery cover `` do not use rechargable batteries , '' so that option is out . The fact that there is not option for an AC adapter also counts against it.Overall this product is great kids ' tool for a variety of projects where you need cutting `` where scissors ca n't . '' Go for the scissors where you can , then use this for those smaller areas . 4 out of 5 stars , only due to the limited power options .
 Just got this for our 11 year-old since she loves to be artistic and this was a wonderful buy . It is easy to use and comes with 3 different stencils . -LRB- 1 is of shapes , the other 2 are of letters -RRB- But , you can purchase regular stencils -LRB- the plastic kind -RRB- from any local store and use those . You can also draw freehand what you want to cut out and hold it just as your would a pencil to trace over it and cut it out . You can make so many neat projects with this such a 3-D cards ! Or just cut out the shapes and then glue a different color of paper underneath.If you have a little artist in your family , get it . And it is great for adults as well , especially if you like to do scrapbooking . It is a good bargain .
 Maybe the kids do n't like it , but I can assure you , I do.I took it to my stamping and card making club to show after Christmas.They all wanted one after seeing mine . I prefer this any day over an Exact-o knife . You do n't have to turn the paper to cut . Just ` trace ' with the tool , and it cuts for you . Super easy to make openings in small doors and windows . Lots of fun and easy to use.However , it must be used with either paper or light card stock . Nothing heavy . Well worth the investment .
 I wanted one of these for awhile but got so many mixed reviews , I put it off . Well , it was on clearance at office depot for just 10 bucks so I bought it . Just tried it out on some of the stuff that came in the package -LRB- things to cut out , stencils , etc -RRB- and I have to say it works pretty well.It 's slightly akward to hold , pretty large ... but it cuts well , and honestly I did n't move that slowly . I still had no problems cutting the shapes out , and also I did n't have to push hard at all . I did n't have to hold the handle vertically , I held it at an angle and really it was very much like tracing.Yes , you can tell that the edges are a little fuzzy , but I have that same problem with an exacto knife ! Maybe it 's just me , but I ca n't cut even semi-smoothly with the exacto ! -LRB- Straight lines are fine , but making little turns are a pain and always look messy -RRB- At least with this product , I can make those turns easily , especially when cutting `` inside '' the paper . For just making shapes , use scissors or a knife . But for me anyway , the reason I got this was to cut inside other shapes easily , and that it does.I did n't really notice a problem holding down the button , maybe because I did n't hold it down the whole time . Even though you do n't really need to turn the paper while cutting , I just do that naturally so I can see where I am going better . So I did n't have a problem with that , my fingers did n't hurt at all.But the noise ! It 's pretty dang noisy , at least in my opinion . I do n't know why nobody mentioned that before ... Not that big of a deal for most of the time , but my husband would probably start to get irritated if I used this while sitting next to him . BZZZZ BZZZZ , it sounds almost identical to a tattoo machine , although a lot quiter than a tattoo machine.Overall I really like it . Would have given it a 5 based on current experience , however I do n't know how the blades will last , or the product itself .
 I got this for my 9 year old daughter . She is having a ball !!! She struggles a bit with letter formation in school so at first I thought this might be a bit tedious for her , but it is not . It takes a little practice -LRB- a couple pictures -RRB- to get the lines clean , you have to find a good angle and get the pace down , but after that it is `` smooth sailing '' .
 These were ordered for a senior active retirement facility that plays bingo at least twice a week.The cards are easy to see and hold , the slide function does away with the need for chips and trying to fit the chip in a way to still see the numbers .
 The purchase was quick and easy and the item came to my house on time . It was a gift and the recipient and extremely pleased with it .
 This Brio train and track set is a good one for children who are beginning to collect Brio trains . I bought it as a Christmas gift for my nephew who is wild about trains -- even at two and a half he has enjoyed hours with Brio . I think , however , he has more success with the other Brio cars I gave him that are magnetic ; these are hooked together and require more patience than a boy his age typically has . He 'll grow into this set ; it 's a great product .
 This little car is a must for Brio collectors . My 2 1/2 year old son absolutely loves it ! The only thing I was a little disappointed in is that the bell does n't chime very loud . Or maybe I should be happy about that ! Still a cute toy !
 This is a cute little addition to any wooden trainset ! My son loves this little bell cart . It is well made and durable.However , it is very soft . If you have the battery run train , the noise of the engine will drown out the bell ringing on this little cart.These wooden trains are great ! I like the fact that they require imagination as the magic ingredient for play . They encourage small motor skills , creativity , imagination and more . They might not be educational as we think of educational * -LRB- ABC 's etc -RRB- but they are very worthwhile.Enjoy .
 This wagon makes a low ringing sound as the small hammers at each end of the wagon hit the bell when the wagon moves along the track . The resulting sound is a little too low but it is a fun addition to the train collection for young kids to enjoy .
 The bell on this piece SHOULD be louder than it is . It really hardly makes any sound at all . However , it is a very cute piece and is a nice addition to your set . Look for a sale though - I think the price is a little high for what you get .
 This stuffed puppy was a life saver . . my niece going thru chemo had her black lab put down . . she missed him so much during this time and i found him on here for her ... she loved it and he was the cutest one i found and i looked at a lot of sites ... well made , soft and cuddly ... melt any ones heart !!!
 This is one of the cutest little engines I 've seen ! The diagonally striped boiler rotates as the engine moves . It 's compatible with the wooden Thomas the Tank series .
 We 're a homeschool family and my husband is an engineer . The scientific method is how he makes ALL his decisions , lol ! I got this for the kids to refer to as we go through our day , not just for a `` science class '' . I think it will work perfectly for that . They 're a little young now -LRB- 5 and 6 -RRB- but I 'll pull it out in a few years . its not a huge poster , might be small for a classroom , works fine in our family room .
 Brio 's Traveling Tanker is a nice addition to a Brio train set . It 's very sturdy . The tanker 's top portion -LRB- load -RRB- is attached with two wooden pegs and is easily removed . For additional fun , the Large Loads from Brio , also fit on the wooden pegs .
 Our little one loves these doll jammies and slippers ! Bunny slippers are so cute , though they do slip off the doll sometimes . Clothes set is also cute and fits 18 '' doll well . Enjoy this set !
 I picked this up at Tuesday Morning for 2.00 . I was more than pleased with the quality of the toy . My son loves to dump marbles or Brio men out of it . It is mostly plastic but the bottom is wooden.Overall our Brio toys have held up to a beating and still look brand new . They are worth the money .
 Is a nice moving stock with a tipable wagon . It could be improved with more wood parts but it is what it is and worth buying if the price is right . There is a brio destination that makes use of this wagon for moving boulders . Of course it could be used for anything imaginable small enough to fit . The wagon is small and lightweight .
 OK so here 's the deal . Most trivia games favor those who are knowledgeable . This one does but to a much lesser extent . Many of the questions are written in a manner that leaves you asking '' well it must be true or why would they even have a question like that ? '' . others have rediculously easy answers that would lead you to believe they are too obvious to be right . . `` where would you go to catch a McFish ? '' badapapapa I 'm loving it ... haha . you 'll enjoy this game if you and those others playing it realize that you 're going to be fooled by wrong answers or strange questions occasionally and miss questions whose answers are stupidly easy . the game has a nice board and plays very similar to trivial pursuit . all in all it makes for an enjoyable time but if you 're really about the trivia part be prepared to be let down semi-regularly by the questions .
 Me and my son played this game back in the 80 's and now again with the new version . We have always found it a hoot . We do n't always agree with some answers , but they sure can result in some arguments ! Quality was much better than previous version . We realize for a game , it 's been a good item and good family fun .
 This is a great game to take camping with you . -LRB- or to the cabin -RRB- It 's so much fun sitting around the fire just reading off the questions to see just how much we outdoorsy people think we know.We also enjoy playing the game with the board.I would recommend this to anyone .
 My kids played this game when it first came out when they were teenagers . I have just bought another one for one of my sons who wanted it for his sons . Very enjoyable if you like hunting , fishing and camping .
 This car has so many possiblities . We pretend to haul gravel or cement or dirt or asphalt or grain or coal . We help build roads , or feed animals or make deliveries.The best part , though , is how light the car is . When we use the BRIO Autostop and Start Engine -LRB- 33222 -RRB- we can easily put 4-5 of these cars behind it and still have the engine pull up a hill . The under-powered engine can only handle 2-3 of the heavier cars going uphill.We use these little cars a lot . They 're definitely a nice addition to our train set .
 A nice piece of yellow rolling stock , there is a red version out there . It has a V-shaped plastic car that tips and can be filled with anything imaginable . Brio makes a destination designed for use with this car . It is lightweight .
 I love these cards . Bought them for my niece and she will love the bugs and the colors . They are really cute !
 I LOVE the show KP !!!! I think monique probally would win homecoming queen , but kim and ron would win PROM king and queen!As for you who said she is ugly remember that everyone has different tastes ! I have been to britian and i found the fashion WEIRD ! NO INSULT TO U OF AND OTHER BRITIANS ! K/R4EVA !!!!
 I would love to have this for Christmas/Birthday , maybe mom get it through Ebay or something.I have to have everything KP .
 My 2 1/2 year old son absolutely LOVES this car ! He has had a Brio train set for a few months now and was delighted to see the train take on a life of its own and move by itself ! This train can only pull about five cars or so with any speed , but my son loaded all of his up and it still pulled , just VERY slowly ! Enjoy !
 Our son is not yet three , so he has a hard time pushing the trains around the tracks he builds . However , this train enables him to really bring the tracks to life . He loves the train , and sleeps with it every night . In spite of the admittedly rough treatment , it has held up very well . Nice addition to any Thomas or Brio set .
 It 's true that this toy eats AAA batteries . However , I 've located rechargable NiCad AAA batteries , and tried them out.The train will run for somewhere between 40 and 50 minutes continuously on a fresh charge . My 4 year old does not run the train continously , so a single charge lasts longer than his attention span for any given day.Rechargables do carry some maintenance , however . In particular , if you leave the unit on much past when the battery is drained , you can permanantly kill it . My four year old seems to be able to handle this responsibility . It has been a learning experience .
 Our battery operated train is almost 20 years old ! It still operates and looks brand new . We adopted two babies , and I have to buy one more so they stop fighting over it ! Worth every penny . Batteries last a very very long time .
 This train is great because it stays on the track . But it is slow , not that strong , and runs through batteries like crazy . My 2 year loves it , but he often leaves it running and it quickly runs out of batteries . I think it can pull about 2 of his train cars up a hill .
 We have this little engine and it is just fun . It adds to the fun of building a track , testing the track , and using the track.This little engine is just that - little . It can not go up hills with a lot of cars attached to it . IT simply will not make it and will become the little engine that ca n't . However , if you have a lot of tracks and a lot of cars and several engines , as we do , this engine is an excellent one to have on hand . Or if you have little children who will not expect it to haul 5 or more cars up a hill , then it is great.The bright colors are nice.The one complaint we would have about it , is not about it 's hauling capacity . The complaint that we have is that the button on top , while easy to operate in your hand , is not easy to operate when it is in motion on the track . If your train is going along and your mom calls you to dinner - it is difficult for little fingers to turn off the engine without pulling it off of the track . IF your train is going forward and you want it to back up , it is difficult to do without taking the engine off of the track . It is possible , but hard for little fingers.Other than that complaint , we really like this little train . It is a staple and often one of the first we put on our track.Enjoy .
 My 6 year old boy had much fun with the battery-operated train . Yet hairs were sticked with wheels , the train stopped operating . When you play on the clean tracks , you can have much durability on that train .
 I bought this engine for my two boys -LRB- 2 and 4 -RRB- one year ago and it 's still one of their favorite toys . We used to own Thomas and Percy -LRB- battery operated -RRB- but both broke within a few weeks of playing . This one does n't look fancy but it is sturdy . What amazes me as well is that the little AAA battery it needs lasts so much longer than the AA Thomas and Percy needed . Sure , it 's not very fast but does it have to be ? My boys certainly never complained about it being too slow . It 's easy to operate although the 2 year old needs a few tries to put the switch in the middle position to make it stop but he always manages it eventually . Sometimes when there 's too many cars on the train he has a hard time climbing hills but my sons do n't mind helping out by pushing it . It does n't seem to hurt it either when they push it while its running . Brio is just a fantastic brand and their toys are build for years of playing and we sure will enjoy it for a long time ! Highly recommended !!!
 My daughter got this 9 months ago . She loves it , as does most of the neighbors . Because it is not made for overly rugged use , I have limited the size of kids on this bike . So far , the only thing that has fallen prey to the kids misuse was one of the plastic pipes on the side , which can be easily fixed . I would not recommend this for the child that likes to do stunts , as the wheel frames are made of plastic .
 Huffy Trimaniax Pedal Carthis is by far the coolest bike have seen yet ordered got it on time my son loves it all his friends thinks its neet great gift no problems . ihave read all the reviews i dont understand what these people are doing to these bikes thay are made for riding not for stunts owhell i find it to be a great product for kids wish thay made one for adults i like it
 This Tricycle has an original design , it seems that is going to last because of its construction and it catches everyones atention
 I bought this small ball for my three year old grandson who is such a little athlete in most every sport he tries . His parents went to Carolina so he thinks that is the best college in America . He has a real ball goal that is lowered to eight feet that is high for him , but with this smaller ball he can ring it . He just LOVES it !!
 Loved the teeth . They look great on the babies and are also a great gift for my equally goofy friends .
 When my boy looks back on his baby photos a few decades from now , he 's probably going to think his father was a weirdo . That 's OK . Who knows , maybe he 'll get a laugh out of them ? Certainly a lot of other people do . Hmmmm . I wonder what the kid thinks when people look into the carriage and laugh at him ? When does he develop his sensitivities anyway ? I guess I better not use these things overly long . In any case , I 've noticed various versions of these Billy Bob Teeth , and I just had to try them out . Sorry , guy.Gary Peterson
 Great novelty item - with a real pacifier for the baby 's mouth . Great baby gift that you can be assured , will not be a duplicate .
 Good service , cute product . It was fun to see a baby with this and take pictures . Some of the younger kids wanted to try it and hummm ... some adults .
 I ca n't see how this gets anything other than a 5-star review . The product is proportionally well created , with just enough `` lip '' to make any baby with a normal sized head/face look hilarious . The teeth are overly large which makes the caricature that much cuter.This product is perfection from beginning to end .
 Not much to tell . It is bought for laughs . We did n't open it yet . It is not packed too good , but OK , not bad . -LRB- WHY WE HAVE TO WRITE REVIEWS , if I wanted to tell only 3 words !? am limited to 20 , LOL -RRB-
 I love this . Some reviewers need to lighten up.Our 10 month old does n't use a pacifier , but we got it in long enough for a few good snapshots .
 I do n't use these as my everyday binkies ... but thought they were hilarious ! I pull these out when I need a good laugh at my twins looking even more adorable than usual .
 It 's a really cute bobo -LRB- pacifier -RRB- makes my lil ' cutie fat man have a lil ' extra personality , love it ! Would suggest this and any other one to anybody !
 It 's was a great gift 4 my granddaughter we had a good laugh I was very satisfied with the pacifier thank u
 Gave as a shower gift - it was a hit ... not sure if it will be used but it was silly .
 My 17 month old daughter loves this pacifier . She is old enough now to visually recognize this passifier vs the other 10 in her crib . She prefers this one . I think -LRB- I am guessing here -RRB- that it is because the plastic is thicker and more rubbery for chewing on than her other ones . I do n't know , but she loves it .
 My son is perplexed by pacifiers . We gave this to him on xmas eve and my wife and I laughed so hard we almost cried .
 The pacifier seems well made . The baby looks cute and funny with it and everyone gets a good laugh when they see him sucking on it .
 I love this paciifer ! It makes me laugh every time I see it ! It also made my son and daughter in law laugh!Sturdy packaging , fast shipping !
 Hmm ... This is not a personal attack on anyone , but T. Sagert , you 're a complete idiot ! After reading your racist review , I just had to go read the rest of your reviews ; and let me tell you -- I was n't disappointed.Why do you keep buying things , when time and time again you get let down ? Are you the kind of person who just can not learn from experience?In half of your reviews you even have the nerve to complain about typo 's when you have one yourself -LRB- in your CO Springs Notes -RRB- . You claim `` A Lamb To Slaughter '' is more fiction than reality . WAKE UP ! Ever been to Germany ? Buchenwald ? Auschwitz ? GO ! They did make lampshades of human skin ! They did make soap from humans , like we used to do from dead animals ! You ignorant fool!And the reason I had to write this ... `` 2 . You feed racist claims that southerners and whites are stupid . `` How is a set of buck teeth racist ? Nowhere , but in the eye of the beholder . You 're showing your true colors by making such a statement , you do know that , right ? I would n't have associated this pacifier with white southerners , had it not been for your comment . Heck , it 's people like you who create racism!Don ' t you get it?A joke is n't racist until somebody labels it as racist!People may think some are racist because they tell a `` black , '' `` Mexican , '' `` trailer trash white , '' or `` handicap/retard '' joke . You 're the racist , you bigot ; for making it a `` black '' joke . It 's just a joke . No color!I do feel sorry for you , though . You and your ignorance ...
 Yep , this pacifier will make you look like a moron all right . I would never buy one for myself because that would just be weird . But a gift for someone else 's kid ? Oh yeah .
 Totally love it and it 's totally cute and amazing . But it came without something to keep it clean . Plus the price is a little bit high .
 WOW ! I was so shocked by the needless venom of the last reviewer that I had to address them
 Very funny . By the time my twins were big enough to use it they stopped using pacifiers . I dont remember the age requirements for this .
 I got this pacifier for my 2 year old and they are hilarious ! We all got a kick out of them . For the price , why not !?
 i got two of these BB pacifiers . . i have two first cousins who are both expecting in 2013 . even if their moms let the baybees use the pink lips once , its still worth the price . btw the typo is intended . hence BIlly Bob ... i thought spelling baby wrong would add humor ... anyhow makes a good gag gift .
 Every time I look @ my baby wearing this pacifier I crack up ! Such a cute idea and the pacifierItself is a good one & my little guy likes it !
 I love it for the looks . Very funny ! However , it 's a little too heavy for my baby girl . We put it in and take pictures , but it 's currently not functional . Maybe when she is older it will be better . She is almost 6 months now .
 These pacifiers are just too funny . The poor baby will hate Grandma when she grows up and we show the pictures to her boyfriends . . lol . The pink is a darker than shown , but not worth the shipping cost to send back . Packaging and delivery was great . If you have a weird sense of humor this is the supplier to order you pacifiers from . Just hope mommy thinks it funny too .
 This dummy is hilarious . I bought it as a joke for a friend and I 'm sure it will be well received . Hope she uses it on the baby becaise it will look hilarious !!
 Perfect pacifier for parents with a large sense of humor ! It is cute , fun , and the baby loves it . I would recommend this product .
 I bought these funny little pacifiers for my girlfriend 's twin baby boys . She loves them and everybody gets a laugh . Just when you think your baby ca n't get any cuter , pop one of these in their mouth and you wo n't be able to take your eyes off of them ! LOL . Best thing ever . :-RRB- And the best part is the price ! I looked all over the net for the best price on these and Amazon has every other site that sells them beat by far ! Love my Amazon !
 I cant stop laughing when my nephews and nieces are using it . And they also like , my niece keeps looking into the mirror and laughing . Cheap and funny gift . Ah , and it seems to have a good quality also , so do n't worry about safety and health ; - -RRB-
 I bought this pacifier for my newest niece . I have n't seen her use it yet because she 's not quite old enough for it , but my friend has one similar to it for her son . It is hilarious to see .
 This is a must have item for any folks who have ever asked for their `` two front teeth '' for Christmas . It had my pop laughing out loud and super excited that after many years of asking for his two front teeth for Christmas , every year ; now he has finally received them . He 's not really missing his two front teeth , he only ever asks for them as a gag , so this item was a perfect way to fulfill his gift list and keep the family laughing .
 It 's fun and is a standard-quality product , but it 's not exactly as I expected because the illusion is n't as perfect as on some pictures shown ! But not regretting the purchase , fast international shipping , thanks !
 This was hilarious ... the perfect gag gift for a young relative that 's a new father and scared to death of it . Doubt that it 's super functional because it seemed a little top heavy , but that was n't my purpose .
 This was a gift to my boss for her 6 month old son . She commented on the packaging and quality of the pacifier . It 's not cheap or thin plastic . The way the part that goes into the mouth is shaped she says was just like the expensive ones , a comfortable fit for him . She totally approved - and that 's hard because she 's a fist time mom and rightfully picky about what her baby has . Needless to say ... that photo of him using it was hilarious ! Her and the hubby get a kick out of it .
 As soon as my son got it he pop out the old one and slap in the new ! Two words sums it up FUN-NEY !
 Great product , my son chewed the rubber end off of his old one and refused everything else . He sleeps with his replacement under his pillow , because it is n't broken in like the old one . Great customer service , my order was processed immediately .
 WOW ! I was so shocked by the needless venom of the last reviewer that I had to address them
 I bought this for my son and people LOVE it ! I am asked all the time where I bought it from cuz they want to get it for their grandchild , niece , nephew ... ect I often think Amazon should pay me for the amount of word of mouth I have given on this product ... I think if you have a sense of humor and do n't see it as some slam against humanity -LRB- as some reviewer has -RRB- than you 'll love it , I think if you do have a problem with it you probably are n't even bothering looking at the product page and or its reviews .
 fun idea to give as a lil added gift to your babyshower gift . was a bit diappointed on how it was packaged tho ... was like it was repackaged .
 I got this for my great nephew and it 's so funny to see him ! We had to take so many pics
 Very good product , quality and finish . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
 Funny StorySo my dearest brother was riding his bike to school one day when he hit a bump that sent him fly off his bicycle and landing face first on cement . he came out rather bloody and required even a little sowing up . The funny thing about this is that he busted both of his front teeth in process , just a few weeks before Christmas . terrible , yes , but the merry little Christmas song about wanting only &#34; two front teeth &#34; for Christmas came to mind . yes , chuckle at my cynicism , for i did for quite some time maniacally . Finding this to be the greatest pair of teeth he would ever own and for such a meager cost , the purchase was made . thinking myself quite clever and still being two weeks from Christmas , i picked the cheapest shipping cost i could find , not looking at how long it would take . The next day I get a tracking number and was chocked to find that it will be delivered sometime between January 5 and January 25 . As it turns out these dear teeth came straight from china hot off the conveyor belt . It was quite depressing but showing the many family members what i had purchased brought many laughs and my dear kindly gave me the flipper.the End : -RRB-
 Funny , cute and Functional too . Bought this as a gift for a 14month old little boy . This is a Great bargain too .
 When the product was recieved it was packaged well and all portions of packaging was intact . The product seems to be of great quality and is durable . I intend to buy another variety of billy bob baby pacifiers in the future as my daughter loves hers ! Thanks for the awesome product and quick shipping as well !
 I purchased this item for a friend that had a baby and she loves it!I am happy to have made her baby look silly !
 i get laughs in church and at the store with this in my kids mouth . It is actually his favorite binky !
 Bought this for my friends baby and had some good laughs ! and it shut him up for a while too !
 A must have for a fun baby shower ! Ca n't say that the babies are into it , but I know my two year old nephew loves to walk around with this in his mouth and get some laughs !
 These are disturbing in a funny way . Great gag gift for our daughter , son-in-law , and new grandson . Great idea , lol
 I did get the product I ordered so I can only assume the people that did n't ordered from a different vender or got confused and ordered the wrong product . That being said , this thing IS sold as a novelty and for the reason I took that into consideration during my review . This thing is too cute , the nipple is too large for a new born but should be usable after about 6-9 months . There is no ring or ledge for removal from a baby 's mouth or to attach a pacy clip to . This should n't be a big deal because this should probably only be used under CLOSE supervision due to the nipple size , weight and materials used . Let 's face it , though it can be used by a child it does n't look like usability was the main goal when making this . Laughter was . It 's built well and will work . If your baby does n't like the nipple on the pacy try pulling the face off of this pacy can gluing it onto another one .
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift and it made the entire day ! We all could n't stop laughing when the baby put it in his mouth ! Definitely makes for great pictures on facebook and chuckles !!!
 I gave this as a gift to a friend who is expecting a new baby . As self-proclaimed `` rednecks '' , they loved it , and the pacifier was a big hit at her baby shower . I do n't know how good it is for use as an everyday pacifier , but for photo ops and family parties , I 'm sure it will be great and get a lot of laughs . If you want to make someone smile , then go ahead and purchase !
 I bought this pacifier for my nephew in Brazil . My brother in law is a joker and I thought this pacifier would bring lots of fun . It 's a great quality material and come with instructions to sanitize before using it , which I think is very important .
 very nice very patriotic , I put them over the top of my huge entertainment center I get a lot of compliments on them .
 My son LOVES , LOVES , LOVES these blocks ! He is just 1 and enjoys stacking things in general , but will sit longer with these blocks than any other stacking toys we have . Highly recommended !
 These blocks are a perfect size for my 1 year old 's hands . These blocks have grooves , similar to a tongue and groove , on two opposing sides . The grooves allow for different stacking options and more stable stacking . Quality product .
 I was so excited to find these blocks ! I am far from being a child , but I have fond memories of playing with grooved blocks on the back porch of my great-grandmother 's little house . At first I thought they were expensive , but after I saw old blocks selling for $ 3 and $ 4 plus on ebay , I decided to bite the bullet and pay the asking price . Am I glad I overcame my innate cheapness ! This are quality blocks . They stack and lock just like the blocks I remember from my childhood , and I know they will stand the test of time . Thank you , Uncle Goose , for such a great product .
 I am a retired female who recently joined a railroad modeling club . To get started I bought the Grand Valley Layout Kit which arrived within a week . And the Amazon price is $ 100 less than your retail hobby shop.This is an excellent kit especially for beginners . Instructions are clear with picture illustrations . It certainly stimulates your creativity and allows you to make modifications with ease , if you want . I changed the track layout removing the `` Y '' section within the circular area so I could build an amusement park instead . The kit is packed with all you need minus the track and structures . I bought the hot glue gun and hot wire foam cutter that were recommended . They are excellent and easy to use . The Woodland Scenics Website offers lots of ideas and further instructions to enhance your modeling skills.I used flex track instead of what was recommended at the urging of my club members . And , they helped me install the first half since flex track was new to me . Otherwise , I am putting it together alone with club members giving me encouragement and additional ideas for scenic details.This is an excellent activity for grandparents and grandkids to do together , and I encourage females to try it . Model railroading seems to be dominated by older men . Woodland Scenic products allows the rest of us to enjoy this pastime providing lots of instructions and handy tools . The Grand Valley Layout Kit is a great way to get started on a pastime that can keep your interest for a long time .
 I purchased to this to get a taste of Model Railroading . My entire family worked on it and it turned out very nice .
 Message of this game is very positive . Kids help to correct mini-emergencies . The cars are fun for the kids and the art work is top notch .
 This tunnel can be arranged many ways , and since it is freestanding -LRB- not attached to tracks -RRB- , it can be used to add a tunnel anywhere your little train fanatic chooses -- on a curve track or straightaway . The three pieces are angled to fit together in different configurations . Your child will figure this out very quickly .
 this is just a coloring book . My niece likes strawberry shortcake so she liked this coloirng book . She did most of the coloring on cChristmas day so she does n't have much to do on it .
 My little guy is always so excited to get back home to play choo choo train . He is 2.5 but even his 6 y/o cousin loves to play it . This is not the most highly advanced set but with imagination you have an airport / heliport and trainworld - and all the other toys have joined in too !
 We got this for our grandson 's 3rd birthday and it was like it was the only gift ! He and all his freinds immediatly left everything and started playing with it ! It has many interactive things for them to create and do !
 The pieces do n't stay together as well as I would have liked but it 's such a great toy and bargain , my son loves it !
 put together on christmas eve in less than an hour love the whole set up my son always plays with this set and tells everyone about it he was almost three when purchased but think he will play with this till he is in teens dependin on what your needs are this will make a great addition to ur childs room
 We ordered this for our 2 & 1/2 year old daughter because she loves `` choo-choo trains '' . This was everything we could have hoped for - > she loves playing with and pushing the train around the tracks . Only downside is that we wish it came with more actual train cars . It only came with four so we had to buy a few more since those are her favorite parts .
 We got this train set for our three-year-old son . He loves it ! The track is compatible with Thomas engines , which is a plus at our household ! The track may be out together in various ways , but the directions show how to use all pieces to make a wonderful track system ! We flip over the tabletops to a `` plain '' side to work puzzles and play with other various toys . This is a great addition to any home with a toddler ... as long as you have room for the table . It is a larger table , but it can serve a variety of purposes .
 I got this for my son for Christmas . He just turned 4 a month ago , and he was ecstatic !! After seeing the train table he was n't interested in opening any more gifts . It is challenging to find a toy and/or activity that a toddler can stay interested in for very long , but this has kept his attention for hours !! The table is sturdy , all the pieces are thick wood so it is very durable all the way around . I like the baskets that fit underneath for all the misc . pieces he does n't want to use . The setup was easy to follow . I highly recommend this toy !! It was worth every penny I paid for it and I expect to have it for years .
 my 3 year old and 5 year old granchildren love it . it was nice to know how to aadapt with other locmotives . -LRB- thomas -RRB- . the vendor BLessings was very helpful and let me know when they were going to sahip and wanted to be available if needed . This was so much less than Thomas and well contructed and lots of different play areas for them to use their imagination . they even had a tornada do through and had to rebuiuld . Great product . LA
 Got this for my 2 years old son birthday . It arrive with one of the leg dented , and one of the red bin cracked due to the shipping I guess . I did not have time to return it and get another one since it arrive the day before my son birthday . So I assembled anyway so the kids can at least play with it during the birthday party . They had a good time with it . I took one star out since the material is not great . It can be easily damage , but still good enough as a toy . Contacted the manufacture for the replacment parts and of course they send us the wrong stuff . The leg they send us was too big and the red bin they send us was too small . Will have to contact them again . Did not want to return it to amazon since I already threw out the packaging .
 My son is a huge fan of these little wooden trains . He is always playing with the a set in the store there is one . I would have given this a 5 star but when it arrived from FedX it looked like it actually fell of the back of the truck while it was moving . The box was torn up and RETAPED . I ahve not put it together yet as it is for Christmas . I am hoping all the parts are there.Other than that I would recommend this to anyone .
 We gave this to my 3 year old nephew as a group gift . It was the hit of the party . His parents said it was relatively easy to assemble and very well constructed . It features many different types of vehicles , from trains to planes , etc. . . Very cute !
 My son is almost 3 and LOVES trains , police cars , fire trucks , etc. . . but he does n't necessarily prefer Thomas or Chuggington over any other train . We ordered this table and train set and it is perfect ! It has tunnels , a bridge , vehicles , airplane , helicopter , buildings , a crane , and of course trains ! Everything a little boy would want ! The little crane picks up cargo from the train cars , and the set can be configured in different ways . The details on each piece are done well . I highly recommend this set , and ordering from Amazon was cheaper than other websites . I ordered early , in case any pieces got damaged in shipping and had to be replaced before his birthday . Everything was in great shape , and it was easy to put together . The table is easier to put together if you use 2 people , and I put the little pieces together myself . A little wood glue will secure things a little better , but is n't absolutely necessary . There were 2 small pieces that were missing and I called KidKraft -LRB- all of the contact numbers and necessary part numbers were listed -RRB- - no questions asked , they have sent the pieces to me . Some of the reviews stated that the graphics on the table itself do n't match up to the way the set is configured , but my son wo n't care at all . I do n't think little ones notice that kind of stuff . Someone mentioned that the mountain/tunnel was cheaply made , but ours was sturdy and will be just fine . I am a bit of a perfectionist , and I am happy we got this set , and definitely recommend it !
 This has to be THE most creative toy for owners of the Thomas the Tank Engine collection . It not only features a very large play area but also has three very large drawers for storage of the many engines in one 's collection . I purchased this for my 2-1/2 year old grandson and he can not stop loving it . It provides hours of fun for both of us -LRB- since there are small pieces I play with him so that I can supervise -RRB- . The table is sturdy finished wood and features two play sides , one can be used as a surface for drawing , coloring and general play and the other side is for the railroad setup . It features a bridge , mountain waterfall , several characters , a police station , construction site , fire house and hospital with ambulance . It also features an airport with a really cool airplane that kids will absolutely enjoy!Assembly was relatively easy although I ran into snags with trying to keep the little Allen bolts from coming out while trying to put the screws in and holding up the boards . It took all over a little over an hour and a half -LRB- with 2 looooong breaks -RRB- . With a second person in assistance , it should n't take any more than 45 minutes . I was overjoyed to see my little guy 's face when he got his first glimpse of it ! Since then , it is his favorite toy which provides many hours of play and fun for both of us . Additional parts can not be purchased , only replaced if damaged or missing . I could have used two more railroad trendles when setting up the tracks on more than one level and this is what I was told by Kidkraft when I called . Shipping was relatively quick and was delivered by FedEx in good condition . Instructions were very easy to follow and made assembly very simple.Overall , this toy is well worth the investment and I 'm sure that you and your little engineer will be absorbed into hours and hours of educational and stimulating play . I could n't be happier ! Thanks , Kidkraft and Amazon !
 We purchased this train set on sale for a steal right before Christmas and could n't ask for more ! It is a solid table and our two boys -LRB- ages 2 and 5 -RRB- loved the train set and made for a great present ! It took us less than an hour to put together and only problem we experienced was that one of the leg board was slightly cracked so we called KidKraft for a replacement . Getting through to customer service and speaking to someone directly was quick and simple and they were very easy to deal with and helpful and we received the replacement part within a week . I would have to say that the KidKraft customer service team has been one of the best I 've had to deal with in recent years and would definitely purchase again from this company based on the service received . We also have the KidKraft table set and it is a well-made set and have never had any problems with it -LRB- we 've had it for three years -RRB- . This was a good buy and we would recommend .
 Arived a day earlier than expected . Set it up in maybe an hour and a half , over night , for my boys second birthday . Its pretty much all he plays with now !
 We been using this for almost 6 months - everyday . My 3 year old still loves it and I love that it 's durable .
 Our son loves trains and we decided this year we wanted to get him a train table after watching him play with one in a store . We were a little resistant at first at what to do since he is only 18 month and it does say choking hazard . The set is really nice for the price . it does come with smaller pieces but what we did was we left the items that he could choke on off the table and will save those for when he gets older . he really loves the train and it comes with a plane and helicopter and the grandparents bought a few thomas the train extras to go with it that attached great with the set . i really recommend this table i also love the storage and the table was a breeze to put together at 10 at night and the instructions were easy to follow . two thumbs up .
 Simple to assemble , entertaining , functional , and a great value for the money . Buy one , and your child -LRB- ren -RRB- will love you for it !
 My husband and I bought this for our 2 1/2 yr . old for Christmas , and my biggest fear was that something would be wrong with it so that it would n't be ready on Christmas morning -LRB- we had nowhere to hide it and had to wait for Christmas Eve to put it together -RRB- , but luckily everything was packaged very well and there was no damage during shipping/missing parts . Setup was easy overall - it took about an hour to an hour and a half to assemble the table , track , and all of the small extra parts . For our son , since he is a little young , we prefer to keep a lot of the extra pieces underneath in the storage bins as they seem to get in his way more than anything . Other than the trains/tracks , he enjoys the crane , helicopter , plane and boat.One of the only disappointments is that it does not line up with the design printed on the table itself , for example , tracks run over water , across streets , etc. I would still say that this was worth every dollar - though I will note that we bought it for $ 150 on walmart.com rather than here on Amazon . I was price tracking it for some time , and the prices between both sites were competitive , although now that Christmas is over it seems to have gone up nearly $ 80 on here !
 Purchased for grandchildren , 2 and 4 . Easy to assemble . They love it !!!! Very surprised and pleased with quality and storage bins provided are perfect for extra supplies !!
 We bought this table for our 2 year old for his birthday , and he loves it . A big plus is that it is compatible with wooden Thomas and Friends trains , just be aware that it is `` mostly compatible '' - the magnets for the Thomas cars/engines are stronger , and they do n't handle the hills with as much ease . This can lead to tragic derailments with large trains going down hills , but I suppose that can teach future railroad engineers a lesson about loading beyond capacity . Also , there is no way to line up the parts that involve water -LRB- bridge and waterfall -RRB- with the water printed on the table - you have to decide whether the waterfall or the bridge goes over the main body of water , but not both . These are minor gripes though , and overall it 's a fun toy that our son loves .
 OK , I was very hesitant about ordering this item as it seemed too good to be true . We had been to the big box stores and they have all the brand name Thomas sets and if you enjoy nice packaging and the idea of spending big bucks for tiny sets , read no further and waste your money at the local retailer . However , if you want a great train set and a table to keep everything elevated and organized , this deal is too good to pass up . Package came via UPS - free shipping ; no tax -LRB- depends where you live -RRB- ; box was in tact and in good shape . Table was easy to assemble - less than 30 minutes . Instructions are clear and easy to understand and illustrate every step . I was so pleased with the table , I figured the train set would be lacking in some way - just the opposite . All the track pieces are uniform and fit together well . Some of the town pieces -LRB- helipad & crane -RRB- require assembly , but are easy as well . The whole time I was putting this together and setting it up , I was thinking how much our little boy will love this set . He is only 2 but he is very careful with his toys . Set says ages 3 and up - you will have to use your own judgement . I will most likely scale down the number of pieces I let him play with and give him more as time passes . This will keep his interest peaked and also help to avoid lost pieces .
 My daughter enjoys this table - whether it is for the trains , her new dollhouse or other items to play with . It is very flexible .
 This train table is fantastic . I was looking to purchase a train table for my son that was sturdy , included the wooden tracks and had underneath storage and this has all three . It also includes trains , cars , boats , buildings , trees etc. . I was originally planning to later purchase trundles but there is no need since the bins slightly neatly on an underneath rack . The only improvement kidkraft could make on this table is to change the wood but it 's still sturdy and obviously my three year old does n't care if it 's not made out of pine .
 My son has been wanting a train set for a long time . I really liked this one because it came with lots of extras . The airport is adorable . Assembly was pretty easy . I noticed I was missing a piece to the fire department so I called customer service . I must say that was my best experience with a customer service EVER . They didnt put me on hold , and the woman was quick , friendly , and efficient and promised my missing piece would shipped to me right away . The cool this about this is that the cargo on the back of the boxcars is removable and can be picked up by the crain ... nice touch if you ask me . Also , the table top can be flipped to a plain wooden side so it can be used as a craft table or anything else . Worth every penny . This is n't just a toy , its a nice piece of furniture that will last you a long time .
 This is a Christmas present for our two year old son but we put it together early so we 'd have time to order parts , etc. if anything was broken or missing . I 'm very happy with the quality of the table ... it is n't as durable and fun-looking as the Thomas the Train tables , but for the money , it is much better quality than I expected . Funny enough , though , the trains themselves are pretty chintzy . My son will break them within the first week ... so I bought a few wooden Thomas trains to go with it - he plays with them all the time at Barnes and Nobles and they are completely `` destructive toddler boy '' proof . I 'm so excited for him to see what Santa brought !
 Santa Claus brought this for our son this past Christmas and he has played with it almost everyday for at least an hour a day . The toys / trains themselves are not fantastic but they easily accept the Thomas train series -LRB- and are interchangeable -RRB- . We have also purchased some BRIO parts and they have also worked . The height is perfect for 2-3 year old . For the value - this is great .
 I have a 3 year old and he loves it . . Some assembly required but not difficult , nice extra pieces came with it .
 First I have to say this arrived at our door even before the tracking said it even shipped . We got it 2 days after I ordered so I am impressed with that . This table is very easy to put together and come with very easy directions . Over all it 's a pretty sturdy table but I would n't advise your children playing on top of it . My boys are in love with this and it helps with there eye hand coordination when it comes to trying to put the tracks together . It would have been nice if there was an extra train but all in all I am very impressed with this set
 I was very pleased with this purchase . For the price I paid -LRB- $ 119.00 -RRB- I am very happy with what I received . There were a couple of things that I was disappointed with which are listed below : - Bridge wooden piece was broken where the rail connects and rests on . I was able to glue it back . Two of the eight screw holes were in the wrong place , but it is stable enough without them.-Water fall looks like it had sounds , but there was no electric component . I remember reading about it on another review , can not remember if you can ask for a replacement.-When I was putting the board on the table it rubbed against the side and started to peel back the cover . I just taped over all the edges and it looks fine . Some of the pieces it came with are cheap , but both imaginarium and thomas the train toys work well with it .
 Easy assembly . Far more extra buildings and accessories than we expected . A nice bonus . Our 4 YO grand daughter loved this gift and plays with it constantly . How it hold up over time , only time will tell . We 're hoping it makes it to be used by her baby brother when he is old enough .
 Bought for my Son and Both him and my daughter just loves it . Hours of fun ! . The Instructions could have been better !
 I bought this set for my 3 year old son for christmas and I was very VERY impressed with the quality of this set . The wood is great , the table is the perfect size and it came with everything it said it would . Great job : D
 We placed it in the nursery on his birthday and he has played on that thing daily since he 'd seen it . He even ran back to the room after getting his licks on the pinata -LRB- I say that to point out he was n't very concerned with the candy -RRB- . Great train set . Thomas & Friends items &#34; mostly &#34; fit -LRB- some fit perfectly , others , not so much -RRB- . My suggestion , buy the wooden trains ... they work the best . Otherwise , great play set if your child enjoys trains .
 I shopped around and looked at a lot of train tables and picked this one because of the unique storage . It comes with three storage bins and they do hold all the pieces in two bins so you have a third one for whatever other toys you buy to go with the table . It is kind of big so it has to sit in the middle of the room so he can reach all the way around it . He loves it so much and his older sister -LRB- 6 -RRB- and Brother -LRB- 12 -RRB- love to play with it too .
 This is a great table for an awesome value . I got this for my sons last year for Christmas and Thay still play with it everyday . The storage bins are an added bonus . This table will be in the kids room for years to come !
 Wanted to know if anyone could tell me the box dimensions . Measuring the height width and length . I 'm trying to get it sent APO oversees but I need to know that before I know it will work ! Thanks ,
 This item was bought for our four year old son for Christmas . I requested multiple times that my husband preassemble it to remove any last minute stress Santa might have the night before . Well , he never got around to it . So Christmas eve we had to put it together . I really anticipated a long ordeal . It took all of 10 mins . Super easy construction and great directions !! I thought this was a great deal on this product . My son immediatly climbed on top of it when he saw it . It is very sturdy !!
 Overall , I love this and my son has played with it for hours ! My only complaint is that some of the accessories are very flimsy/poor quality and one of them has already fallen apart several times . Still worth it if you can get a good price on it though !
 We bought this train set for our kids for Christmas and they both love it ! The height of the table is good -LRB- about 16-18 inches -RRB- and the set comes with a ton of pieces -LRB- train cars , stop signs , bushes , etc -RRB- . I feel like it took me just as long to put together the actual train tracks and the small helicopter pad and crane as it did to put together the actual table -LRB- about 90 mins or so for each -- though mind you I 'm not terribly handy -RRB- . The storage bins underneath get caught up a little bit when you try to slide them out but overall they are useful to have.We also purchased a Thomas and Percy car separately and they both work nicely on the tracks.While this set seemed a little pricier than some of the others we came across , the quality seems to be very good . The trains seem to roll very easily on the tracks and the kids are having a great time ! Overall , I would highly recommend this train set !
 Our son absolutely LOVES this train table . It 's well made , the storage bins under the table make for easy clean-up , and it is so cute . But , if your child is like ours and is in a paper eating phase you might want to hold off . The picture on the table itself easily comes off if your little one spills water or a sippy cup is set down and condensation occurs . Once there is lifting of the paper , your little one will NOT be able to resist ripping it all off . I have yet to contact Kidkraft and find out if we can purchase a replacement tabletop to set on the train table itself but I 'm hoping they do . Will wait for the paper eating phase to be over though ! All in all , this train table gets 4 stars . I only took one away because of the durability of the tabletop itself .
 Good quality product . I had no problem putting all parts together . Assembling it was a fun , because my son was helping me.Few complaints
 We bought the KidKraft Waterfall Mountain Train Set and Table for our daughter 's 2nd birthday . She absolutely loves it . She can play for hours and we love that there were trains and accessories included . The train magnets do n't seem super strong , so we 've supplemented with some Thomas brand trains.The table is very easy to assemble , we put it together in about 30 minutes . Assembling the train track and the buildings took longer , there are many , many small parts and accessories . We decided not to put all of the people , trees , building , etc out until our daughter is older . She is perfectly happy driving the trains around the tracks . My only complaint would be that assembling the train tracks , bridge and waterfall would have been easier if there was a better diagram . We could never get them to match up to the printed design on the table . My 2 year old does n't care in the slightest , but older children may be frustrated that the roads and tracks do n't line up right.Overall , a good toy at a good price .
 We purchased this table for our 3 year old 's birthay and he loved it . We also purchased the farm train set to add to what this train table came with and it 's honestly too much ... I wish I would have just stuch with what this table came with . Good thing it has the 3 awesome storage bins on the bottom ! The tracks do n't go in a complete circle but it 's fine . He 's 3 ... he just picks the train up and starts all over .
 This Table and train set is great !! I ca n't wait for christmas to get here so we can give it to our 4 year old son . The shipping was super FAST ! I ordered it on a monday and it was here on Wed !! I 'm sure we will get many many hours of play out of this purchase .
 I bought this for my grandson , and he loves it . when he makes the trains move , he makes cho cho noises . It was easy to assemble , but the airport assembly was a devil to finish .
 This train table set is compatable with many others . I bought this table based on reviews and I am pleased with this purchace . My daughter plays with this table everyday . Great buy ! It will last for years to come . We also have thomas the train sets and it all connects well as an addition .
 Great product , although it was a little hard to put together , instructions were not precise . My grand daughter LOVES it !
 Table is Great , but it was missing all of the screws to assemble the track part of the table.My 3 year old loves it . .
 I purchased this train table as a Christmas gift and can not wait till Christmas morning ! It was shipped fast and arrived in perfect shape . Took me a little over a hour to put it together and set it up by myself . I ca n't believe all the pieces that came with it for the price . I am sure my kids are going to love it !
 My grandkids always wanted to go to this one restaurant to eat because they had a train table with the trains and waterfalls etc. , etc. they could let their imaginations run wild . They had the trains and some tracks at home , but it 's very difficult to play successfully on carpet ... and then all the mess , all the time with all the pieces . The train table was the perfect gift ! It comes with 3 bins for storage under the table . The table itself is very nice quality . My daughter actually glued the tracks to the table like the restaurant had done ... this makes cleanup easier and the table is ready to play at all times . The table came with 120 pieces including tracks , people , trees , and much more . I am very pleased with my purchase . We were missing a draw bridge , but that was easily remedied . The kids are constantly playing with their train set and I do n't have to take them to the same restaurant anymore .
 I purchased this train set for my 2 yr . old grandson since he is a big train fanatic . He just loves this table and he 's just the right size to walk around it and push the trains over the tracks.He plays with it every day . I have since bought him several more trains and a train washing station to add to the table . Sometimes the trains do n't magnatize together very well which allows the trains to come apart when he 's pushing them around the track . I noticed that the trains that came with the table do n't have as strong of a magnet as the ones I purchased separately . Sometimes the wooden tracks will come apart to easily or become uneven . Seems to be sturdy and loads of fun for him . Even my 5 yr . old granddaughter will play it with him on occasion .
 Unlike the official Thomas the Tank Engine sets , this train table and track provide great value . It 's also durable and is standing up to the abuse of a two-year-old and four-year-old with no trouble . The storage bins underneath are perfect for housing extra track and engines.The only negative is that the larger Thomas engines wo n't fit through the tunnel .
 This is a wonderful product that can grow with your child . It is a great table and then can become a train set . Everything is very durable . My grandson enjoys it at age 1 and I know he will be using it when he is 8 . I saw it appeal to children of all ages at his birthday party
 Bought this for my sons 4th birthday , now I ca n't get him to stop playing with it . A great toy to get your kids away from electronics and something creative !!!
 We ordered this for our son 's 2nd birthday . Yeah , yeah , I know it says 3 and older but we kept the bags of signs and trees and such aside til later . It was such a hit with both him and his 5 year old brother that it has temporarily replaced the coffee table in our family room . They spend hours a day playing with this.The table came packed exceptionally well . Even with some pretty big duffs and dings on the box the contents were unharmed . Assembley was a breeze with simple easy to follow directions . I really ca n't say enough good things about this product . It is an excellent value and I have not hesitated to reccomend it to others .
 This was bought by my mother as a Christmas gift for my 3-year-old son . The table was very easy to put together . The only problem was there were small screws left out of the package that are needed to put the bridge and Heli-pad together . This table is very sturdy , as my 33 lb son and 18 lb daughter both climb on it to play . My husband and I have opted not to glue down the pieces like some do so that our children are able to use the table for other toys as well . I would recommend this for any child that loves trains !
 My son turned two and a half on Christmas day , and we decided to get him this train set . He 's still a bit too young for it -LRB- most of the pieces end up all over the floor -RRB- but he has so much fun with it when we set it up for him . I would suggest this toy for 3 and up if you do n't want a big train wreck in your home ! The toy is great quality all around ... I used to have a train set like this one ! One of the few toys that they still make ` like they did in MY day ' !
 I bought this train table set for my 3 year old boy from Amazon . The set arrive within 2 weeks . The table is set up in 1 hour . The train track set takes about 45 min . There is a broken track along with the waterfall top which does not fit correctly . However , despite this little set back , the overall quality is good . My son is very happy with this set . Some electric Thomas trains have problem going over the mountain . For the price $ 127.00 , this is a good set overall , much cheaper than Thomas Train set . I really do not want to spend too much money , since my kid will likely outgrow this set within the next few years .
 I got this for my son 's 3 yr b-day . He loves it . It wasnt too difficult to put together . The hard part was putting the track together to utilize as many peices as possible . I really like the bins underneath to hold extra peices/parts . My personal oppinion is that the little people , stop signs , trees , etc are not necessary . They just clog up the table and fall down if your arm accidentally hits them while pushing the train along the tracks ... but they are not permanent so they just go to the bins under the table . Overall , this was a great buy and something that my kids can enjoy many years into the future since the tabletop flips over for general playing purposes .
 Easy to assemble in about 20 min . 3 yr old grandson LOVES it and plays with it for hours a day !
 I ordered the table for my 3 year old son . It is very user friendly for him and at the same time it strengthens his motor skills . The train set that comes with the table has very week magnets -LRB- he got very frustrated because they came apart so easily and frequentlly -RRB- but u can purchase some better stronger trains ... wooden passenger express trains is what I purchased and they are great !!! Shipping was fast and on time . Table and trains are compatible with thomas the train which is a plus !! Over all ... Go ahead and get it they 'll love it and so will you !
 WHAT A TOY !! Better than the Thomas table , this thing is solid ! SO nice , it comes with all the people and vehicles and trees and fire departments , etc. . I am overwhelmed . My 2 year old loves it and has not stopped playing with it ! Thanks !!!!
 My kids have loved this product since day 1 , they are ages 3 and 5 and this was by far one of their favorite toys over the holidays . With so many different setups to choose from this is definitely a must have for the little ones . They play with it for hours at a time .
 Cost every dollar , My older boy got it when you was 2 he loves to play with that even today , although it belongs now to his brother which is 3 right now . I combine it with Thomas and buy extra details . keep it in huge container and build a new rails every time . First 2 years we used a table , now we dont really need it .
 Got this for my son for his birthday and he loves it ! It is always the first thing he go toPlay with when he is at my house .
 for the price is a good toy . I would like more rail track so I buy more . my son he would like more wagon .
 I am a Great-grandmother and I put the table together myself . My great grandchildren love this product and play for hours with it .
 There are a lot of pieces to this set that make it a good value for the money , but the train does not always stay on the track nicely , the railroad tracks do n't line up with the board , and our son got relatively bored with this in just a few days , although he does still play with it from time to time . Also , the wood construction broke slightingly during set-up but the company immediately shipped a replacement board when I called . Good company to deal that stands behind their product . Great customer service .
 I 'm very happy with this table , and so is my 3 year old . I nearly bought the table minus the train set , but it seemed like a reasonable add on so we got this set . It 's certainly not `` heirloom '' quality , but I 'm happy with it . It slides easily on the carpet which is great becuase it 's sizable and you can easily scoot it toward and away from the wall to put it away and take it out to play . The set is not exactly ultra high quality either , but it fits the table perfectly and the plastic bridge pieces do n't fall down . They snap the wood tracks into them which is more stable for a clumsy toddler and his clumsy mother , it 's far less annoying than the Melissa and Doug set we have where the prop-up wooden pieces fall down evey 7 seconds . Eventually we may try to build a giant train with several levels since we have so many pieces now , but if we do - it will likely get nailed or glued down like we 're at the library or something becuase it 's annoying how they 're always knocking over . So far it 's gotten play time every day !
 My son loves this table ! The packaging was great , the products are well made and it was easy to assemble . Most importantly it looks great . My son uses all his Thomas trains on this ; the track is compatible with the wooden Thomas trains . I would make only two suggestions to the manufacturer
 MY GRANDSON LOVES THIS . . SO PERFECT AND SO DURABLE . . HE LOVES HIS TRAIN SET AND LOVES THOMAS . . SO GREAT FOR THE PRICE . NOT JUST THE PRICE , WHAT A STEAL . . THANKS AMAZON . .
 My son is 2 1/2 and spends hours a day playing with his table . Wonderful purchase ! Only negatives is that one leg was cracked during shipping and the other is my little boy is too busy playing for me now !
 I bought this train set for my 2 1/2 yr old grandson . From the minute he saw it , this was the only toy he played with on Christmas morning and it is still the only toy he is playing with . It is a great father/son bonding toy as they take it apart and rebuild it . He also puts his Super Heros on the train to keep `` bad guys '' away !! Would definately recommend it to everyone !!
 Durable , easy to slip on for baby , and cute ! Yellow always brightens up any room and having the ducky for the baby to play with makes him or her even happier .
 We got this for baby Jack and were impressed with the fabric quality . Its soft , and really sweet -LRB- all cotton ! -RRB- - it runs true to size though . So if your baby is big -LRB- or even over average -RRB- , I would suggest you go for the 3-6 month size instead .
 I 'd like to tell you the bag says sandmaster footbag , not mirage , and the color is random . I got black and red and mine looks sick , I 've gotten it today and have been sacking for a few hours , it 's an amazing hackysack . Perfect amount of sand , stalls are slightly difficult at first but when it 's broken in a little -LRB- took me 45 minutes or so -RRB- they become extremely easy.This is perfection.Edit ~ I 've actually found this to be cheaper and better than the actual sandmaster footbags sold on this site !
 Brio is hard to get in the US now , thanks to new legislation . The magnets on their trains are great , I find that some brands just dont stay together well .
 I love Brio trains ! My three boys and their friends played endlessly with these toys . The are all in great shape and I am saving them for the grandkids . These were purchased to entertain the young patients who may be in my husband 's waiting room .
 I have always liked lighthouses so when GeoTrax offered a lighthouse , I had to get it to add to our setup . This is a wonderful addition in terms of play but it does use three AA batteries.A button at the top of the lighthouse activates the light and sounds . I had thought the sounds would just be a fog horn . Imagine my delight when I heard surf and seagulls ! When I pushed the button again I got a different set of sounds . But the light and sounds are also activated when a vehicle passes through the arch -LRB- a light sensor triggers the action -RRB- . On the `` water '' side is a small dock for a tugboat -LRB- included -RRB- . The dock also has a fuel station to fuel up the boat . A crane is also included to move freight between the boat and the track . The pieces are highly detailed n the same manner as all GeoTrax -LRB- here we see shells , crabs , an anchor , and other wildlife incorporated into the pieces -RRB- . Even before I put in the batteries my son was loving the lighthouse . He particularly enjoyed fueling the boat . The set comes with a piece of curved train track and not the usual straight piece which make real sense for a lighthouse but it can be placed over any section of track . A great addition to any GeoTrax setup .
 This lighthouse was a really great add on to our track layout . It has a light sensor inside that sets the sounds and lights off on the lighthouse when a train passes through . The toy will also shut off when it is not played with for an amount of time -LRB- maybe 15 minutes ? not sure -RRB- . This is a helpful feature considering batteries are not cheap ! Then it can be turned back on again by hitting the button on top of the lighthouse.The only complaint I have about this toy is the sound level seems too high . I know Fisher Price has toys out there that have not been recalled , but are the dangerous toys list because of the decibel level . This one belongs there . I wish the sound was adjustable because I do n't want my little one experiencing hearing loss because of a toy!Another great feature of this add on is that it is n't hard to incorporate into your layout . Set your track up and then just pick a spot to put the lighthouse around a curved piece . It does n't take up much room either . The Air & Sea series as a whole has been great , we love it . This set comes with a boat and piece of removeable cargo , and the lighthouse has a gas pump to `` fillup '' the boat.We definitely recommend this piece , its one of our favorites for making the set more interesting !
 I would say that this is perhaps one of my favorite additions to the Geotrax set next to the Clock Tower . The lighthouse `` interacts '' with the set because as a train passes through the arch , it activates the light in the lighthouse and one of three different sounds . Very realistic . Many of add-on 's do n't do much , but this one gives the set a deeper sense of realism which is nice . Fully recommend .
 I just ca n't say enough about the awesome design , the durability , and the creativity of these Goetrax sets . The lighthouse is an awesome addition to your set . Our son loves the sound effects
 When we bought the Geotrax train system for my daughter , I thought the High Chimes Clock Tower would be my favorite addition . It 's old world and reminds me of Big Ben . It did n't dissapoint me , but this lighthouse is my favorite.It is easy for a child to operate . Just flick the switch and tap the top . The auto shut off saves batteries . Unlike some other accessories , the lighthouse/dock does n't take up a lot of floor space because you just set it on top of existing track -LRB- one curved piece of track is included . -RRB- The detail is great and it has smooth , quality construction.Some evenings we turn off the light in the family room and watch the flashing beacon every time the train rolls through . I grew up near the water so the sounds - waves crashing , seagulls calling , fog horn bellowing - make me want to roll up my pant legs and go crabbing .
 I love these Geotrax system toys and my two year old just can not get enough of it ! I think he really likes the sense of control it gives him that he can make the train go and stop . What great toys ! We just got the harbor docks and lighthouse to add to our collection for christmas and it is a hit . Also I just think it is adorable and my favorite piece . It has a sensor and when the train goes through it lights up and makes ocean and sea gull sounds . How cute . The lighthouse is not the only thing that lights either ... you should see my sons face ! A great toy for boys or girls . Easy to set up and take down ... which is great because it takes up a lot of room . We have a great time setting up a different track everyday though . Hours of entertainment .
 I liked the bells and the way it lights up . It is really cool and I love it .
 My 4 year son received this for his birthday . He loves to hear the ocean sounds as the trains go through the tunnel . It actually is relaxing to hear the water sounds the lighthouse makes .
 My 3 yr old son loves the lighthouse . It is definetly our favorite add-on . It is super cool and it has sensors so that when the train passes under it you hear the sounds of the bay and seagulls . For those of you that are starting to add on pieces this would be my first recommendation . The other ones do n't do much .
 My nephew really seemed to like this toy . I was very impressed with the quality and the size . The picture that another customer sent in was a great help in my decision to purchase this . Very pleased .
 This is the first thing we bought after we got the Geo Trax set . We are huge beach lovers and this light house is a must have . When the train goes through the light house it lights up and makes sea gull sounds and wave sounds . It is great !
 This is our family 's favorite ! It makes the coolest sounds when the trains pass through it . This is a must have for the geotrax fan !
 The Geotrax set/accessories are amazing , very fun , and exciting !!! I picked up this addition recently on clearance at a nationally known toy store . I love this addition as it works great with Geomotion ! I highly recommend this and all other Geotrax toys and sets !!
 My youngest sons face light up every time this lighthouse is triggered by a passing train . Fantastic product . Always pleased with the GeoTrax series .
 My grandson was thrilled to get this . Immediately started playing with it to the exclusion of his other presents .
 OVERVIEW : The Harbor Docks Lighthouse is simply THE best ! We have hadours for over a year now , and no problems.PIECES INCLUDED : The lighthouse comes with one curved rail track piece and a tug boat.CONSTRUCTION : Very durable , excellent quality plastic . Solidly built.QUALITY : Very high quality buttons and switches , which are rounded and smoothed . No chance of the little ones hurting themselves . The light at the top is very cleverly designed . It is actually a series of white LEDs that are lit in sequence to simulate a rotating light beam . This eliminates any moving parts , which provides long life and high usage . LEDs also have very long life spans so this toy should work for years and years.FEATURES : Auto shutdown feature prolongs battery life -LRB- stays active for about 5 minutes -RRB- . Lighthouse is re-activated with a quick tap on the switch located at the top of the lighthouse dome . Activation time is extended every time an object passes through the lighthouse.BENEFITS : Your kids will love this toy . It offers lots of fun for the young ones . Children that are just beginning their motor skill development will be able to push the button atop the lighthouse . They will feel good about being able to cause something to happen . The attached deck , gas pump , crane and sandy beach with treasure chest offers plenty of imaginary play time.When an object passes through the lighthouse or the top button is pushed , very soothing ocean sounds are produced and the lighthouse lights up . Sounds include the ocean surf , sea gulls , and of course a fog horn.This kit is our absolute favorite . My son loves the entire GeoTrax line as demonstrated by how well and long it has held his attention.USAGE : The lighthouse can be placed over any curved or straight rail track piece . To incorporate the lighthouse into some fun and exciting layouts , check out the four layout manuals available on eBay . The latest offering is the Table Top Series : GeoTrax - Table Top Track Layout Manual - Geo Trax Vol4And do n't forget to let you kids play too . After all , it is THEIR toy and not yours !
 I enjoy the jellyfish . It is quite bright at night . The product is designed to be used after dark . Very unique pool toy .
 My daughter 's have several American Girl dolls . They are the only dolls they play with actually . They are so durable and each one has a story . Many are historical dolls . This one is an added plus since my daughter 's name is Hallie .
 This item is all that was promised , shipped fast , and more beautiful than the picture implies . I am very pleased with the purchase and the seller . thanks .
 This lovely doll was purchased formy neice . I think it is over rated just because it 's an `` American Girl '' doll . Although it is very pricey , the doll is beautifully made and her clothes are sweet , too !
 I love the fact that there are actually 2 pictures -LRB- 500 pcs each -RRB- that are mixed togetehr in the same bag . It 's not as hard as it sounds but adds some fun to the process . The story was good and made me want to buy more .
 My boyfriend and I have bought several of these puzzles and they are so much fun . The mystery game makes you want to finish the puzzle faster : -RRB-
 We use this one to put our little plastic animals in as we play with the railroad toy we have.I ca n't say enough good things about these railroad toys . They are worth every penny . The encourage creativity , small motor skills , imagination . THey are easy to play with and will grow with my child . They are n't loud and they do n't have just one button to push . Excellent.My opinion is that if you have plenty of track , then you can begin to add new railroad cars . However , we have had more fun adding track to the traintrack than we have had adding cars to the train.Enjoy .
 My son plays with this each day and he interchanges the animals -LRB- Brio Animal Set -RRB- so each one can have a ride . It has been fun to watch him learn through play and Brio train additions are the BEST !
 Our little Dora fan likes her new flashlight . The only problem is that the ` grip/trigger ' that is used for turning on the flashlight may be difficult for some two year olds . My daughter is almost two -LRB- in two weeks -RRB- and she does n't have quite enough grip strength to pull the trigger , so she needs help . So for the moment she ca n't use the flashlight on her own . The light is a little noisy as Dora says different things as the trigger is pulled . Overall I think children who have the grip strength to grip the trigger will enjoy this Dora Flashlight .
 This flashlight is very cute , you basically pull a little trigger on the handle and the inside of the star turns over to reveal a light . As the light is revealed , Dora says one of three generic phrases , one being an excited toddlerish-sounding shriek . When the trigger is released , the light turns back around . This is a big positive for me because my 3 year-old daughter loves to leave flashlights on after she plays with them and I can never find one with working batteries when I need one . Also , she loves having her own flashlight to play with whenever she wants . On the less positive , this flashlight is a little bigger and heavier than I expected and the trigger takes some strength to pull . Overall , for $ 3 - $ 4 this flashlight is totally worth it .
 We bought this around thanksgiving and i just put it together , 8 months pregnant . I have to say it was packed really nice , I was a little concerned when there were only about 12 screws but 1.5 hours later it was put together . I love the fact that it is all wood , compact , does n't make noise -LRB- come on the pots and pans are going to make enough noise -RRB- . It 's a gift from Santa so she has n't used it , i will update my review once she does .
 So fun . Great design . Way durable . Thoughtful details -LRB- wipe-on board , phone & clock -RRB- . Totally would buy again
 Nice durable compact little kitchen . All the kids at the party loved it . It did require quite a bit of assembly .
 This is a great kitchen my daughter just loves it . It 's also great because there is a sink on one side and the oven on the other so her and her little cousin do n't fight over who gets to do what ... there is room for everyone to play at the same time .
 I purchased this kitchen a year ago for my daughter who was 2 1/2 at the time . I spent so much time researching different kitchen sets and was really torn about which one to buy . My daughter is quite tall and I did n't want her to outgrow it too quickly . I was also looking for the right balance of size and functionality . I wanted her to feel like she had a complete kitchen without it taking over our whole living space . This has been absolutely perfect . It 's high quality and still looks as good as new a year later , and this is despite getting non-stop use . In the meantime my 18 month old son plays with it as much as my daughter , and it 's great because they can both use it at the same time -- one can stand on one side while the other plays on the opposite side . I 'm not exaggerating -- my kids use it on and off for hours every day and it was definitely worth every penny ! So much so , that I figured a year later is was worth going back and writing a review to help others with their decision .
 Bought this kitchen for my 1.5 year old little girl . Already after the first day I can see that many more hours of fun will come from this toy ! It did n't take my husband too long to put together , maybe 2ish hours . It seems very sturdy and I love the compact size . My only complaint is the size of the shelf in the oven and fridge . We bought my daughter the Melissa and Dough apple pie set to go with the kitchen , but the apple pie wo n't even fit on the oven shelf . My daugter got very frustrated by this ! I just wish the self was a bit deeper !
 Very durable , great for imaginary play ! I like the smaller size so it fits in our kitchen and is not in the way . It is not an eye sore !
 My 1.5 year old daughter got this kitchen from Santa Clause for Christmas . I can not tell you how many hours upon hours I spent researching Kitchens . First I went with a KidKraft Pink Kitchen . The company I purchased the KidKraft kitchen from informed me after I purchased it that it would n't be in stock until Feb. . So I opted for a refund and purchased this kitchen the same day . The next morning , I was informed that the kitchen was actually in stock and they had already shipped it out . So to make a long story -LRB- somewhat -RRB- short , I ended up with 2 kitchens , the KidKraft and this one . The KidKraft was given to me for free , but I liked this one so much that I sold the KidKraft and kept this one.My daughter LOVES this kitchen . She is a very smart little girl , and I was kind of worried that she would have a hard time pretending to make food , and pretending to turn the water on . Boy was I wrong !!!! She plays with it from the time she wakes up , before the sun comes up , to the time she goes to bed!My only wish for this kitchen is that it had some small shelves on the side for a little more storage . But I think it would be very easy to add if you wanted to.So in conclusion ... . Highly recommended !!!!
 After lots of research and trials with other wooden kitchen sets , I am happy to finally have found this one . Super straight forward to put together , great size to grow with my 3 children , and great quality .
 I bought this for my toddler son , to give him -LRB- and us -RRB- a break from the dominant trucks and trains everywhere . It 's great . He would n't trade his train table or cars and trucks for it , mind you , but it has gotten a fair amount of use . And when his friends come over , it is the main attraction to many of them , esp . since I outfitted it with tons of play food , utensils , dishes , etc. . I realized how much Mom and Dad use the microwave when I saw my son gravitate to that aspect quite often ... We love how compact this unit is , so we can push it mostly out of the way when not in use -LRB- most of the time for our son -RRB- . Yet it 's got most everything -- a fridge and sink on one side ; an oven , range , and microwave on the other ; and even a clock and a phone on either short side . Plus it 's not bad looking , and sturdier than most . If I were to look for negatives , I 'd note that it obviously is n't the most colorful unit -- and the oven is a bit small , so some of the accessories I purchased wo n't fit properly inside it . But I 'm still glad my wife talked me out of paying even more for an even larger and more colorful item I had my eye on , since this unit 's compactness is key for us .
 This kitchen is absolutely wonderful . Its small but works wonderfully in a city condo . We put it in our kitchen so our 2 1/2 year old can ` cook ' right along side us . She loves it ! Fabulous purchase !
 We bought this kitchen for our son when he was 1 1/2 . He 's turning 3 this week and still loves to play with it . He routinely cooks us dinner , makes picnics . We purchased Melissa and Doug 's cutting board with vegetables and the plan toys pots and pan set with this and it 's a true hit . It 's held up to lots of imaginative play . Our son sometimes takes out the sink and uses it as a `` washer '' to wash his clothes . The colored taps helped him learn `` hot '' and `` cold '' and he loves beeping the microwave as well . It 's also small enough that he can have all the accoutrements of a kitchen but it does n't take up his whole room , a great bonus ! Highly recommended .
 It is a great kitchen for a small space . It is a bit smaller than I thought it was going to be but it is the right size for my 4 yr . old and 1 yr old . I love that it is real wood and if you ever wanted to paint it or even build on to it you could . My 1 yr old can actually fit in the oven and it has great storage space in the refridgerator . My older daughter loves the dry erase board too .
 This wooden kitchen is the perfect item for people who do n't have a huge amount of space and do n't want a giant plastic kitchen taking up room . It was pretty simple to put together and has enough features to keep my daughter interested -LRB- phone , clock , dials , oven , fake water dispenser , etc. -RRB- without driving me insane -LRB- nothing makes annoying sounds -RRB- . Best of all , she can enjoy having a kitchen without it monopolizing our entire basement .
 My little boy cooks us meals all day long . He never gets bored with any of the features . One of the best investments I 've made .
 I bought this toy kitchen for our granddaughter 's 2nd birthday and she immediately went to work - putting Elmo in the microwave & calling Mom on the phone . She also received pots & pans and some `` cutting food '' which she also put to good use immediately . She is in `` prime '' time for mimicry and this is a great outlet . Very sturdy , too - no way can she destroy it yet it 's well-balanced and light enough that it ca n't hurt her either . I 'd call this a 5-star toy for the toddler set . I have 2 older granddaughters who have had similar sets for years and still love to play with them .
 We bought this kitchenette for our 3 year old daughter for Christmas this year , we ordered it way ahead of time -LRB- mid October -RRB- and it came very quickly . My husband and I assembled it as soon as we got it , ostensibly because we wanted to make sure it went together well , thereby heading off any Christmas morning heartbreaks , but really because we wanted to see what it looked like all put together . It 's a good thing we did , because it turns out , ours had a defective leg and was , therefore , impossible to assemble . We called the manufacturer -LRB- as the intructions recommend -RRB- , and they were unhelpful . We then called the seller -LRB- as the instructions specifically say not to do -RRB- and they were amazing . They shipped an entirely new set out that very day , no questions asked , and told us to just keep the old one , or toss it out , whatever . I would absolutely buy from them again . The kitchenette itself is extremely cute , it 's got lots of fun features , it looks nice , and it 's a great size for our not-so-spacious apartment . Because it 's so slender and tall , I worried about my 18 month old tank of a son tipping it over on himself -LRB- the whole thing weighs about 50 lbs -RRB- , but it 's very bottom heavy and sturdy and he does n't seem to be able to budge it . All in all , it 's a wonderful toy .
 We bought this kitchen when our twins were 18 months old , and it has provided hours of fun and withstood tremendous abuse during the ensuing eight months . My son likes to pull out the sink and shelves but despite being repeatedly banged on the hardwood floor they are still in like-new condition ; the sink has also withstood ~ 30 lb of foolish toddler flipping it over and standing on top of it . The kitchen itself is very solid and has a heavy base , so although my Herculean son is able to push it around -LRB- his sister ca n't -RRB- he has n't managed to tip it or climb on it.The kitchen is ideal for families with multiple toddlers and/or a compact space - it fits easily into our condo kitchen and is bright enough to attract the children without being garish . The one feature I do n't like is the phone - with two uncoordinated but boisterous young toddlers the antenna risks poking out an eye . I 've put that away but will probably eventually get around to sawing it off and sanding it down . I do really like the two-sided aspect -LRB- great for joint play without crowding one another -RRB- , the gas burners , the moveable faucet , and the clear numbers on the microwave and clock
 i love this little kitchen ! great quality and my 2 year old liked it the minute i pulled the pieces out of the box . The assembly was simple and took about 30 minutes . The instructions are clear with good pictures of how to put it together . I like how the little shelves slide in and out , the faucet turns side to side , the sink can pop out , the doors all have magnets that keep them closed , the stove knobs turn and the ice maker lever pushes back like a real one , also the hands on the clock move . My child just loves this kitchen . Her favorite thing to do right now is open and close all the doors . It looks really nice too -LRB- not a big tacky hunk of plastic -RRB- and it 's the perfect size . I highly recommend this product
 My 2 1/2 year old received this for Christmas and plays with it every day . Plenty of features to keep little ones busy . Assembly took some time but all of the parts were clearly labelled and directions easy to follow . The piece is very sturdy and good-looking . One thing to note is that due to the compact size , some of the larger popular accessories do n't fit inside the oven or microwave -LRB- Melissa & Doug pizza pan , cookie sheet -RRB- . That does n't seem to bother my son - he plays with them anyway . Highly recommend this to anyone looking for a compact play kitchen !
 i bought this kitchenette for 3rd birthday of my daughter . I did a complex research on internet and this one came out as the best option and I am happy I decided to buy this one . She was just so excited . I love the design , the size is just right , my girl is rather tall so I was afraid it may be to little , but it is not . Both of my kids can play at the same time and do not fight as they can stand each on one side of the kitchen . It looks to be of a very good quality -LRB- and is not made in China -RRB- and durable . It does n`t require as much space as other full size kitchen toys , but it does the same job and provides the same fun . When not in use , we just pusch it to the wall , hide all the dishes and cutting food in the `` oven or fridge '' . My kids love it and so do I.
 One of the reviewers was disappointed by the `` flashy colors '' ? It 's clear in the pictures that these are bright and vivid . It is to grab your child 's attention.They are fun , whimsical little chimes -LRB- a tad noisey for places like church but everywhere else they are great ! -RRB- . They also have crinkle material inside the ears and mane on these . Great soft rattles . We could n't be any more pleased with them than we are !
 These are perfect to hang from a carrier handle . They make a beautiful , soothing chiming sound with motion . They look tidy -- I hate the sloppy , cluttered look of toys hanging from rings , not to mention that they then fall down around the handle . These hang neatly , are just the right size , and do n't look crowded . My baby watches them intently and clearly likes them.I did have one disappointment , in that when I ordered them , the photo showed three toys but then only two arrived , but that 's not the fault of the product -- and Amazon quickly removed the photo when I pointed out the discrepancy . Two is right for a carrier anyway .
 These are friendly little chimes that can go anywhere and make quite a pleasant little sound . Enjoyed using them when my daughters were babies .
 These toys are cute and have a color scheme that catches the eyes of even the youngest baby . The magnetic fasteners are great because they can easily attach through fabric . Plus they do n't make any noise when you remove them . They are a little weak so they can get tugged off pretty easily when the baby gets older but they are absolutely perfect for a young baby .
 Great accessory for any play station . The magnets allow for ease of transfer to other play locations .
 Awesome toys , they have great textures and sounds to them . The colours are true to picture . Top marks for sure !
 These have been great toys ! My son loved them for when he was a newborn until he was 7months old .
 I used these chimes on the handle bar of my infant carrier . My son absolutely loved to stare at them and as he got older and was able , he would reach out and bat at them to make them swing . I am rating this product as four stars instead of five since I had to sew on additional velcro to get them to stay put . But other than that , this was a great product to have for my baby boy 's amusement !
 Everyone keeps using the word , `` lovely '' because that 's what it says on the packaging . But it REALLY IS a lovely sound . A wonderful break from all the annoying toy sounds . It kind of sounds like soothing wind chimes . Infantino hit the mark on this one . I also like how the animal faces actually face upside down so the baby can actually see it . Is anyone else annoyed at how most character toys face outward and the baby is left looking at the animal 's butt ?
 I love the bright colors and the noises they make . The mane of the lion and ears of the elephant are crinkly so in addition to the chimes babies can make a crinkly sound even easier ! The chime sounds made when the animals are pulled down is quite nice . Great for car seats , the magnets hold well . The attach well to play pens and cribs too .
 I do n't know what it is about Imperial Playing Cards , but I like them better then Bicycle , Hoyle , or Bee Playing Cards . Maybe it 's because of the design of the cards or just because no one I know has them or probably both . The reason I bought these on Amazon is because I could not find the anywhere else . The K-mart that did have them does not carry them any longer , so if you love , Imperial and you ca n't find any other store that has them , Amazon is your best bet . Like I refered to in my title do n't buy the twin pack unless you do want four decks of playing cards . -LRB- Two red and two blue . -RRB- When I saw the description I just assumed that a twin pack but just two decks of cards -LRB- one red and one blue -RRB- In fact , I actually recevied four decks . I will probably keep the other red and blue deck just in case I lose either or both of my red and blue deck . My point is if you do an Amazon Search and you see Imperial Playing Cards and you see both a red and a blue deck you will probably get one of each . Unless it says in the description `` Single deck . '' Other then the reason I just explained I 'm very , very pleased with this product and even though I got more then I asked for , heck I got spares not a bad deal . So , if you buy the twin pack be sure you know what you 're getting .
 My 4 year old son got this for Christmas and loves it . Of all the Leapster games he plays with it the most . He has had no problem figuring out the game and playing it on his own .
 I bought this for my son 's Leapster system and gave it too him just when we left for vacation . This kept him busy for the first hour of the drive . I admit I had some fun myself and I had to show him that he had to spend the money to light up the neon . However the change from lit to unlit was to say the least , underwhelming . Overall though this is more fun than learning but kids need to have fun sometimes !
 It 's a fun cartridge that my children enjoy playing . Even mommy likes playing the games . My children enjoyed the movie so this was a natural . The Leapsters were sitting dormant for awhile before this cartridge came out .
 Got this as a gift for my grandson . He really loves it . As well as Mom and Dad . It help him with reading and math at a pace for him
 Was exactly as pictured and came early and packaged correctly so very good im happy would use again in the future
 My son loves to play his leapster leapfrog cars game . It keeps him entertained and away from doing miss haps around the house
 My grandson is crazy about cars , and I would imagine he will enjoy the game when he gets into it .
 This is a great product and arrived very quickly . I honestly have no complaints . My nephew will love this game .
 My son loves the game . It came on time and with no damage . The only problem i am having with this game is that it is starting to freeze and needs to be restarted . Sometimes it wo n't even turn on . I know it is the game because I have tried other games and the problem is only with this particular game .
 My son has had this game for a year now and it is by far his favorite Leapster game . I enjoy playing it too . It has multiple levels , several different tracks and tons of learning packed in . You have so much fun playing you do n't realize you are being educated at the same time !
 My Five year old son got the Leapster for Christmas and he loves it . He has a few games , and his favorites are `` Kindergarten '' , `` Cars '' and `` Go Diego Go '' . He plays with Kindergarten the most , and then Cars . I have not been dissapointed one bit with my purchase .
 My nephew loves it ! I was impressed at how fast it came and how quick he was able to pick it up . He ca n't put it down and he is learning so much . My games were never this cool when I was his age .
 I got this for my 4 year old grandson . Cars is one of his favorite movies and he instantly took to it . I recommend Leapster products for all young pre schoolers . My grandaughter was very advanced when she started school thanks to Leapster .
 Our 4 yr old son received this for Christmas & it 's his favorite game to play on his Leapster2 . From what I 've seen of it , he chases after letters & numbers on it . It 's nice when a game combines education & fun . He 's very into cars & racing right now so this game is perfect for him .
 This is a good game , but not the most fun game Leapster has come up with . My son likes it b/c he liked the movie , but it does n't hold his attention for long . I have noticed an improvement in his letter and number skills though .
 My 4 year old nephew was extremely excited about this product and bengan playing with it right away . I like this product line and it keeps him entertained during road trips etc. . Highly recommended .
 This cartridge kept my children 's interest for quite a while . The funny thing is I never knew it included spelling games because they never played them . Guess they were n't interested in that part.The games involve driving a car around -- the child gets to pick the course . Each course has different skills it works on . The setup is basically the same . The car must avoid road hazards while answering questions -LRB- by bumping the car with the correct answer , driving over the car with the answer or taking the turn in the road with the correct answer -RRB- to continue driving . The questions include things like filling in the missing number 1 _ 3 4 or filling in the missing letter to the word or which letter is the lower case `` b '' or answering which number is greater or less than another number.There are two levels to choose from , so it can be played by kids from preschool through kindergarten . This game is a little too easy past kindergarten age but my son still enjoyed it in first grade .
 I bought this game for my 4 y/o child and he really enjoys playing it . The characters from the movie are all on the game and it makes it that much more enjoyable for the gamers . I would recommend this game to anyone whose children enjoyed the movie .
 My sons were excited to see this game come to the door . They learned how to play it easily and quickly .
 I bought this game along with the Leapster-2 Gaming system for my nephew 's 3rd birthday . He loves the Cars movie and was excited to get a Cars game . I just gave it to him last week during a visit , so he has not yet had the opportunity to play the game very much . My sister was excited about the gift and the idea of an educationally related game .
 I recently purchased several Leapster games for my granddaughter and grandson ages 5 and 4 . The 4 year old finds it a bit more challenging , but both love the games
 I think it 's a great Leapster game for pre-school kids . My son got it about 1 month ago , he 's playing it everyday and not bored yet .
 I bought this game for my 4 yr . old grandson . he seems to really love it -- learned it very quickly.It entertains him while waiting in restaurants .
 I bought the Cars game and a leapster for my 3 yr old son . I think the game is good for children learning letters ... children on a preschool level . It also has harder levels for older kids as my 6 year old likes the game too . It may be a little difficult for my 3 year old , but he is entertained by the game anyway . He especially loves the race where Mater tips tractors over because he is nuts about tractors !
 I had purchased this game two years ago when I bought a Leapster for my then 4 year old daughter for Christmas . My son at only 2 1/2 at the time started playing around with the Leapster and this game . Of course , given his age at the time it was a bit hard for him , but he figured it out pretty fast , which amazed me . He is now 4 1/2 and this is still his favorite game to play . Very educational , which is what I love about the Leapster in general . I could greatly recommend this game .
 My son who just turned 4 years old loves this game ! He is challenged by the games and still can do most of it on his own . He has already spent hours playing this game and has a hard time putting it down . I 'm so glad he can have fun and learn at the same time ! Only drawback is the difficulty of figuring out which buttons to push for what actions . Even I have difficulty with that some of the time .
 My son is 4.5 yrs , loved the Cars movie and now loves this Leapster game cartridge . I had to pry it away from him after 3 hours of playing on the day he got it . It is a wonderful learning tool for kids 4-6 who are working on letters , words , spelling , phonics and numbers . The games are really fun and exciting , the characters have authentic voices from the movie , and there are multiple games to play . I would give this game cartridge an A + , worth the 24.99 I payed for it . If you have a child who loves Cars , they will love this ! I even enjoyed playing the tractor tipping game as I raced down the track as `` L. McQueen '' and watched in my rear view mirror to make sure `` Frank '' was n't on my tail.Another great cartridge is the Letters on the Loose.Have fun and Ka Chow !
 This cartridge kept my children 's interest for quite a while . The funny thing is I never knew it included spelling games because they never played them . Guess they were n't interested in that part.The games involve driving a car around -- the child gets to pick the course . Each course has different skills it works on . The setup is basically the same . The car must avoid road hazards while answering questions -LRB- by bumping the car with the correct answer , driving over the car with the answer or taking the turn in the road with the correct answer -RRB- to continue driving . The questions include things like filling in the missing number 1 _ 3 4 or filling in the missing letter to the word or which letter is the lower case `` b '' or answering which number is greater or less than another number.There are two levels to choose from , so it can be played by kids from preschool through kindergarten . This game is a little too easy past kindergarten age but my son still enjoyed it in first grade .
 I bought this for my 4 and 6 year old , my 6-year-old loves it , but it 's a little too old for my 4-year-old still ... wonderful educational game ...
 love it its a fun game and its actually not as easy and simple as a lot of leapster stuff ... but like all the games it is fun but also it takes timing and patence which is makes this one educational to the kids out there it has its academic parts , numbers , shapes patterns ect . but also teaches a couple of valuable life skills such as presistane , timing , patence and finishing what is started ... awsome all around game . i do recremend this to children and to the grown ups that still like to have fun happy gaming
 I bought this on a whim for my 3 1/2 year old son . He loves it and it entertains him for a good hour ! He is advanced for his age , so I think the age suggestions are right on for this product . My almost 6 year old daughter also enjoys this game . There are several different levels , so it 's challenging for both of them . On the lower levels , a simple knowledge of the ABC 's is all that 's required . On the higher levels , you 'll need to complete words and know some spelling , etc There is a wonderful tutorial in this program that shows your child what to do at first , so he/she can practice before the first time ! My son picked up which buttons to press rather quickly !
 My kids had all but stopped playing the Leapster when my 4 year old got this Cars cartridge . Both he and my six year old love playing the driving game . They played it all the way to the mountains 2 hours away ! It 's a good choice for the Leapster .
 From a Mom 's point of view , this -LRB- and all of the other leapster games I 've seen -RRB- are both educational and keep my 5 and 6 year olds content for quite awhile . I just need them to come out with some new games !!!
 This was one of our first games . We 've had this Cars game for about 2 years and it still has staying power in our house . Both our 6.5 yo son and 4.5 yo daughter still uses it regularly .
 My grandson really likes this Cars game and would have liked to have it this weekend but left it in ` Nessa 's car ! The leapster really does help in the learning department though .
 I purchased the Cars Leapster Game for my 6-8 year old children as a gift . I now see that I should have purchased 2 of them becasue it has become their favorite out of all the games they already have . They love the graphics and the sounds .
 I bought this game for my daughter 's 5th birthday . She loves the movie Cars and now she loves the game too . The characters and voices are just like the ones in the movie , which makes it entertaining as well as educational . She loves the racing games on it and it 's so great that she is actually learning something while she 's playing . I also have a 3-year-old daughter who likes to play around with this game on the Leapster too . She does n't really know how to play the games yet , but she still enjoys the characters and is quite entertained by it as well . I would definitely recommend this game to anyone ! If they love the movie , they will love this game !!
 My 3 year old son received this game for Christmas and LOVES it!He has not seen the movie yet so this game is good for kids who have not seen the movie first too.Great games and graphics.My son also loves ... Thomas , Letters on the Loose and Clifford .
 Just like all Leapster products , this game 's a winner . In fact , the Leapster is the best toy I 've ever bought for a child . My grandson plays with his Leapster constantly and it has had a definite positive affect on his education . This is the only toy I 've ever given a child that 's been used so much . The best spent money ever !
 It was easy enough for my son to figure out and keep him occupied during long car rides .
 My 5 year old son loves the game and finds the activities very motivating . It has some areas that are easy for him and some that are challenging so it has a nice range of levels .
 This is a great game ! My only complain is the quality for the price is not good . I would rather spend 10 more bucks and get my son some learning games for the xbox 360
 We purchased this set for our five year old son 's birthday , and he and his brothers -LRB- 2 , 8 -RRB- love playing with it . We 've had it for over a year and they play with it consistantly . It is a great set that is very durable , easy to put together themselves and more versatile than I realized it would be . -LRB- They use it for all kinds of things and in different ways . -RRB- The characters are not poseable like the Melissa & Doug set -LRB- which my oldest has -RRB- , but I have n't noticed that they prefer one over the other . It definatly comes with more characters , including a dragon . They get both castles together and play kingdoms -LRB- their words -RRB- . This is a big castle and the only thing I would change if I could would be that the insides of the towers were more accessable . -LRB- The blue `` lids '' come off to allow for figures to be put inside , but you cant access them from the sides . -RRB- Still , I would definately purchase this again .
 Brio is the best wooden train on the market . It has outstanding durability and quality . I wo n't buy any other wooden train . My son loves this piece , he can move his dumpers and other pieces under it and just have a blast . My son is 5 years old .
 My son is turning 2 in a month so we bought him this sand box . He LOVES it ! we cant tear him away . My husband and i also like it , Because it looks good on our patio and it doesnt stand out.Its a good value for someone with a small outdoor patio or deck that is covered.The shape makes it take up less room than the animal shaped ones and its bigger!Although , I do agree that the plastic it is made out of is not as good as the animal shaped ones . This one is thinner but its not that flimsy like some say . However the cover IS flimsy and i could see water maybe getting in if it rained hard . Or the cover blowing off in a big wind . We have NOT had that problem because we have a covered patio.That is why i gave the durabilty of the toy a 3 the cover could be made better . Other than that it is great .
 My son loves this sandbox and spends alot of time in it using his imagination . As far as other posts , the lid does not fit snug , nor is it designed to fit that way . The sandbox has been outside for over a month now and has encountered quite a few rainstorms . The lid never blew off once and the sand has never gotten wet . One extra plus is that the inside is very spacious and allows for many toys to be played with at once . Happy with my purchase !
 We ordered this sand box for our son 's first birthday . We had a nautical themed party to celebrate and the treasure chest was a hit ! My 4 1/2 yr . old daughter loves digging for buried treasure ! The lid is great to keep out animals , rain , etc. . Great buy !
 I purchased this on sale at TRU for 39.99 . The more expensive ones -LRB- $ 50-70 -RRB- may be a tad sturdier , but I do n't think the difference is significant . I think this is a great sandbox for the price .
 This is better than the description says . I never thought it woudl be as versitile as it actually is . I only play warhammer 40k and it is so perfect for this . The interface rrequires no tutorial at all . It 's a simple matter of find what uunit you want and click on it to customize it . It 's still being updated with every new version of the game that comes out so you never have to worry about the point values being off . This is honestly just so amazing for quickly making new armies or `` what if '' armies . you can make a full 2000 point army in about 15 minutes speced out exactly how you want them . It also has about 20 other tabletop games with more you can download form the website which is free and very user friendly.If you play any tabletop game you NEED to have this software , its that simple !
 Once you use this you will NEVER go back to building an army on paper again . Great factory support , with internet updates to keep the rules up to date . You can even add your own photos of your units that will print on the side of your roster . Slight learning curve to get used to the way to move things arround , but doesnt take to much skill to get really quick at it . With the updates you can use it for almost all the popular table top games , or just download the ones you want . Drop down boxes for all selections and a validation report as well . No way to make an `` illegal '' army when using this . LOVE IT
 I picked up this program to assist with management of my Necromunda Gangs . The issue with it is that there is no support for the ever expanding selection of Gangs in the Underhive . I would like to see the ability to further modify and increase the offerings of this programs management capabilities . It does a great job with the core gangs , but is missing several of the other Games Workshop created gangs , such as Skavies and Ratskins , as well as Enforcers . I know that there is a capability to create additional updates for this program , but this function is not user friendly . Overall this is a great product for those using the core rulesets , but comes up short on expansions .
 My 3 year old grandaughter loved Dora the Princess that I sent her with the Adventure Room Playset - Dora the Explorer .
 I 've been collecting dog figures like this one for several years and this is a nice and realistic addition !
 Prices are all over the place for these things so be careful . We got this on sale for $ 33 which was an absolute bargain . I wish I had bought more for toys-for-tots next year . I suggest that you determine value based upon notes below . I think it was worth as much as $ 45 . If I were spending more , I would probably buy a more substantial ride-on -LRB- This is pretty light compared to Hot-Wheels type small ride-ons -RRB- . The only hiccup with ours was that the soldering -LRB- Chinese so what do you expect -RRB- was shoddy . The power connection to the bubble motor came loose during shipping . However , my husband resoldered that and all other connections without difficulty and the thing worked like a charm.Several notes
 I added this engine and track segment to my set and increased my kids ' enjoyment thoroughly . By adding this engine -LRB- which at first I hesitated because of the cost -RRB- , I 've noticed that my kids tend to `` work '' the tracks more in order to get the engine to where they want it to go . That is , they 'll make sure the switches are in place and the bridge in is in the proper position to make sure the train continues on without interruption.The engine is powered by a single AAA battery and is capable of pulling 4 , maybe 5 cars when the battery is fresh . As you continue running the engine and the battery wears down , you 'll notice the engine having a harder time pulling the same number of cars , particularly going up hills ; you 'll have to remove a car or two to keep the engine moving around the track.The track segment is quite ingenious . The red lever raises and retracts a small plate which tells the engine to stop and go . When the plate is raised , it presses a small button on the bottom of the engine which effectively cuts the battery . Although this could certainly be controlled by the toggle switch on top of the engine cab , the red lever on the side of the track is more fun and can be set before the engine arrives .
 This is a great addition to the train sets!It works well and is very simple and fun . If you are like me and look for toys that are fun , easy to play with and have more than one button to push , train toys are the ones to get . I want toys that inspire creativity and exploration . Train toys are it.This little toy adds a new dimension to train fun ! My son -LRB- 2 1/2 -RRB- is able to make the train go and stop and has a ball controlling where the train goes . Like the previous poster I have to say that I have noticed him showing an increased interest in how to work the levers and pulley 's and things that go with the train in order to control the train . A great piece .
 We ordered this train table for our two-year-old train enthusiast . We paid $ 149.00 with Super Saver Shipping before the Christmas rush , and thought we were only purchasing the table and bench . However , it also came with a gazillion train track pieces , a roundhouse , elevated track , etc , etc. . The table is simply huge , but sturdy and light enough for one person to haul around . By the way , it beats hands down the $ 600.00 table in Pottery Barn . It is an AWESOME deal !
 I really wanted to know the dimensions before I decided on this table , but I went ahead and ordered it to find out . For others who are interested in this table they are 54x33x17 . It is not as tall as the other table I was also looking at but I decided to keep it anyway . I was concerned it would not be sturdy enough since it did n't have a shelf underneath . It is very sturdy and heavy ! I like that the table surface is solid green so my son can play different things on the table . The storage box is large and nice . It holds a lot , fits under the table , and can be used as a seat . The reason I did n't give this produce 5 stars is because the directions for the table , box , and train set were not very clear . However , after we figured them all out we were very satisfied with the product .
 Got this for our 3-year old and 1-year old in June . Assembly was reasonably easy . The table is very sturdy , made of nice quality wood with rounded corners . The brown wooden frame and support beams assemble easily and the green table top halves -LRB- with circles cut out for pulling out -RRB- simply sit inside the table frame . I do n't think the table top is meant for supporting a lot of weight but feels like it would support a good amount of toys and even a small kid or two.The track configuration was initially a bit difficult to figure out because the included picture guide is not of the highest resolution . Nevertheless , once the correct pieces were identified and matched to the grainy picture -LRB- trick is to identify the junction between the track pieces in the picture -RRB- , I was able to assemble the tracks as seen in the picture . The displayed configuration is a nice one with upper and lower levels . You could probably come up with a different configuration but I did not bother.A trick I used to *** fix *** the tracks to the table top is to use carpet tape -LRB- double stick , available at Home Depot or any major hardware store -RRB- to adhere the track pieces to the table and to the supports . Has held up nicely for three months now , even with the 1-year old -LRB- who is beginning to walk by holding onto things -RRB- constantly tugging on the tracks . I know some people nail or screw the pieces together permanently but I did not want to do that much work and also risk having sharp screws or nails sticking out somewhere . You can find carpet tape in just the right width and it is easy to cut and peel . If a track piece does come off , I can just reapply another -LRB- bigger -RRB- piece of tape to stick it back in place.The included wooden box -LRB- which you assemble -RRB- for storing the trains/cars & track pieces is nice but we do n't use it since the set is set up semi-permanently , so it is tucked under that table most of the time . It is useful if an adult wants to sit nearby.Both boys enjoy the set everyday . We paid ~ $ 55 when this was on sale -LRB- had to buy at that price -RRB- . Overall , nice-looking set . Very happy with the purchase .
 Thought the price + free shipping was one of those `` too good to be true '' deals , but went against my better judgement and ordered it anyways . Glad I did . A sturdy table and nice set of trains/tracks , but you can tell the original Thomas/Brio tracks/pieces are better quality -LRB- for 4 times the price -RRB- . There were quite a few scratches on the wood pieces and one of the glued on pieces for the storage box was in the wrong place so I had to pry it off and reglue it in order for the `` walls '' to fit in place . Also another piece of the table had a glued on piece that fell off so I had to re-glue that one too.Under the Product Features , it says `` Rolling storage trundle under table '' . There are no wheels on the storage box.The playboards have 2 holes -LRB- 2 inches in diameter -RRB- . I suppose it 's to make it easier to pull the boards up , but I covered them up because the edge of the risers kept falling in the holes.All in all , a good value and my 2 year old loves it ... which trumps everything I said above .
 We received this Autostop and Start Engine as a gift from Brio when I wrote them about the lack of power/functionality from the Mighty Red locomotive we purchased -LRB- which I 've also reviewed here at Amazon.com -RRB- . Brio 's customer service is outstanding . -LRB- Only Playmobil 's is better , in my opinion . -RRB- First , this Autostop engine is a classic toy design -- very cute and works reasonably well in chug-chugging cars around the track . It can pull a decent load if all on a flat track without too many curves . Add a curvy track or hills and this little engine does n't have the power nor traction to pull more than 2 or 3 cars . And , surprisingly , this does a better job pulling cars than the more expenive Mighty Red Locomotive.We love the Start 'n' Go track feature , and for that I am less critical of this little engine . This engine does lack the charming sounds and elegant forward/reverse/stop buttons that grace the Mighty Red . The green Autostop engine also will not freewheel , which means your child can ruin the gears pushing this engine around.However , we have gained much more satisfaction from Learning Curve 's battery-operated Thomas and Great Railway Adventures engines . First , even the smallest Great Railways Adventures or Thomas engine has four wheel drive , which adds much to the ability to pull cars around . They still struggle -- mostly because of a lack of traction on the wooden tracks -- to pull cars up the hills , but nothing like the Brio engines . Great Railways Adventures , in particular , do have engines patterned after famous engines of the past , and this more `` mature '' styling has allowed them to age better with our 6 year old than the Thomas engines . -LRB- Thomas engines do have a cuteness factor that Brio ca n't compete with either . -RRB- . Great Railways/Thomas battery-operated engines `` free wheel , '' making them less prone to damage caused by young kids unfamiliar with using the switch . That said , these switches are as clumsy as the Brio green Autostop engine . Not even Brio has duplicated the elegant design of their Mighty Red on any of their other toys , and Learning Curve has n't copied them . They should.Even still my recommendation is Learning Curve 's Great Railway Adventures collection . Very similar cost , but with free-wheeling gear protection ; four-wheel drive ; die cast metal construction -LRB- engines only -RRB- ; more realistic styling ; and charming sounds and actions available through a variety of battery-operated -LRB- and non-battery-operated -RRB- stock cars .
 This is a followup to my previous post for this item . This fabulous little engine just keeps chugging along and pulls a lot of cars . Our son loves it so much that he refuses to turn it off . As a result , we were going through a battery per day . We spent more on batteries in the first month than we did on the engine so we purchased a Ray-O-Vac battery charger and some rechargeable batteries -LRB- available here at Amazon -RRB- . I would have to say that this is almost an essential accessory if you are going to own this little engine . The charger also comes in handy for other toys .
 We received this engine in a starter set about a year ago . It worked fine for a while . Later it would only work in reverse , and then a few days ago in quit working all together . I think my 2-year-old daughter stood on it , and messed up the internal gears . Knowing it was probably my daughters fault I did n't think the warranty would cover it . I went to the toy store with a year old broken toy , no receipt , and no box . Needless to say I fully expected to buy a new engine . To my amazement the toy store did n't ask any questions or have me fill out any paperwork . They just handed me a new engine , and that was it . Brio may be expensive , but I think a no questions asked return policy is worth the money you spend on Brio Trains .
 Our son is almost three and he loves his Brio train collection , which just keeps growing . This is a wonderful addition to the set as it makes the trains , which kids normally have to push around the track , go by themselves.It can pull quite a few cars with easy and we were surprised to find that it managed to pull three cars up over the figure eight bridge , which is a fairly steep incline.It is a battery hog , but it is worth it . It brings the little wooden train set to life .
 We have tried many brands of wooden trains and tracks . For our various brands of wooden tracks -LRB- Brio and cheaper knock offs -RRB- , ONLY BRIO ENGINES are able to stay on the tracks , without falling off tracks around the curves or get stuck up a hill ; - -RRB- We tried the Learning Curves and Thomas & Friends Wooden Railway battery-driven engines , and they are esthetically pleasing , but do n't stay on the tracks we have.Perhaps because Brio battery-driven engines ' wheels have rubbergribs , some turn with the track in the instance of the bigger `` Polar Express '' , wheels are thinner or closer together.And no recalls yet ! I love all our Brio and look forward to pass on to the future generations !
 My 5 month old son loves this toy . He 's too small to pull the cord yet , but loves to hold it while it vibrates . Always smiles when he sees it . Will definitely hang it from his play mat or car seat when he 's able to pull the cord himself .
 My little one had this toy before but her dad put it in the trash . It was old but she loved it then when she seen it was gone that was it ! She would cry cry cry so I told him he better find one LoL so it took him 4 days looking at all kinds of stores no such luck so he went online and found it here we ordered it . It got here fast and now she is so happy to have her toy back . It 's a great toy for kid 's we love it !
 My grandkids are enjoying this very much and are learning a lot -LRB- Ages 3 and 4 -RRB- . Would recommend it to other parents or grandparents .
 My son loves it . He was scare -LRB- I do not know why -RRB- to watch Ratatouille cartoon . He watched after this book
 I got this book on sale at an amazing price . My son likes to play with it often . I am very happy I bought this .
 We recently bought this sandbox for our 17 month old . He absolutely loves going to the backyard to dig ! I researched most of the available sandboxes at Toys R Us , local stores and on the net , but most were too small or WAY too expensive . I also researched building my own box -LRB- type into search engine
 I odered this sandbox for our 1 year old son and 6 year old daughter . They both love it ! Shipping only took a few days for the boxes to reach us . One draw back , two of the peices were broken , but still usable . See the photos . The damage looked like it happened during shipping . Assembly was straight forward . Another person who bought it recommended using a power screw driver or a power drill . I used a power drill and only took about 20 to 30 minutes to get the sandbox assembled . It comes with a black , material mat to cover the ground to inhibit grass and weeds growing up through the sand . I also ordered the cover for the box and I was impressed with the construction of the cover . I bought 27 bags of sand to fill it -LRB- as that was how many were on the pallet at Lowes -RRB- and 27 bags will definitely fill it . The kids love it and I look forward to the many hours of them playing together in the sandbox .
 My daughter loves this sandbox and I am amazed at how easy it was to assemble . I highly recommend it !
 This expansion does a nice job changing the game by adding the new attack phase . The winner is no longer the person with the most gold , but the person with the most points .
 I bought this for my teen grandson last year and he loves it . Lots of family laughs when we play together .
 Friends introduced us to this game and we love it.A bit pricey but the hours of entertainment we gain from it makes it worth it to us.We love Settlers of Catan but were getting tired of playing the same game over/over again and the above game does n't travel well . This card game is just as fun as Settlers -LRB- although completely different -RRB- and we like that it 's cards and it travels well ... highly recommend it .
 If you love Bohnanza as much as I do you are just looking for more ways to expand the game . I think this is a great way to breath new life into a game I really love . It 's not as good as the original game itself , but it helps me to find another way to enjoy something I already love .
 I already bought the Noah 's Ark design for this type of display ; we keep it in the living room -LRB- I reviewed that display in more detail -RRB- . We purchased this one for our son 's bedroom.I wish the canvas came in more colors than just red , but the natural wood is beautiful . It was very easy to put together - only took a couple of minutes . It 's sturdy , but light-weight . It holds all sizes of books , and can hold anywhere from 12 to 36 books depending on their size and shape.The 1st Guidecraft book display help us teach our son to respect his books . He took such good care of them -LRB- like putting them back in the display instead of throwing them on the floor -RRB- , that we have been able to introduce paperbooks to our 18 month-old , and he does n't try to tear them apart.I think this type of book display is more practical for children 's books than a traditional bookshelf , due to shapes and sizes .
 Nice and sturdy , no sharp edges and very easy to put together . Took me about 10 minutes from the moment I opened the box . My daughter loves it , and it 's sturdy enough that she can use it to pull up on before selecting her books . My only comment is that it would be nice to have one pocket for smaller books -LRB- hence 4 stars not 5 -RRB- , but it 's not a complaint .
 I bought this for my 3 year son because I thought it was a great alternitive to the the pile of books in a basket in his room , which was aways a mess . This bookcase made his room look much neater . I love the red , it goes great with his Disney Cars room . It seams to be very study so far , but we have only had it a couple of weeks now . It is the perfect size for little toddlers and preschoolers to get and put away their own books . No more searching for the book at the bottom of the pile or dumping them all out . The canvas seams strong , not like the cheap plastic ones . If you want it to last I would spend the extra $ $ $ $ . I only wish the pockets on the top and middle were a little deeper , sometimes the taller books fall forward , hence the four stars not five . I have noticed that my son spends more time with his books now , than when they were just in a basket . Which was one of my main goals because reading is soooooo important . You should read to your child every day . I am a PreK teacher and I highly recommend this bookcase .
 We bought this book display for our 2 year old son and he just loves it ! He can easily pull out which book he wants to read since he can easily see them . The quality of the wood is wonderful and is very study . We would suggest it to anyone .
 My daughter loves storytime . So , now that she can see her books at eye level , its storytime ... everytime.This is a great way to encourage not only reading , but also the care of storybooks as she now puts them back in the shelves rather than dropping them on the floor .
 I love this bookcase . it 's just the right size for the kid and it rids of some clutter . the only downside is that the taller books on the top shelf have a tendency to occasionally fall forward .
 Brio train sets are fabulous and this set is a great one because the crossing means you can play `` trains '' as well as `` cars '' as my daughters too . They love stopping the train , lifting up the boom gates to let the cars go over the track and then put them down again to let the train continue on it 's journey . They think that is great fun ! It 's also a great set to get you started and any of the other accessories or sets will add on easily.Brio train sets are all wooden and the tracks go together and come apart easily - great for little hands -LRB- and Dad 's too ! -RRB- . The tracks are indestructable . I know this because my playgroup has had Brio trainsets in their toy cupboard for over 10 years and it 's still going strong!It 's not a cheap trainset but you are paying for quailty and something that will last the toddler years and will become a treasured toy . It 's a toy you 'll children will be keeping for their children .
 Let me start by saying you should read Deanna 's awesome and thorough review of it FIRST . I agree with EVERYTHING she wrote about it ! Just a couple of additional comments-I love it because it 's so compact -LRB- I was able to make a teardrop shape to fit onto my small Little Tikes table -RRB- . Everytime we go into a toy story , my daughter is glued to their BRIO train table . Unfortunately , we do not have the room -LRB- or the means -RRB- for the huge BRIO table and all of its accessories . But this set is perfect to start your BRIO collection . Both me and my 18 M old daughter are absolutely thrilled with the set -LRB- it even has a poseable conductor -RRB- . It 's worth every penny !
 My 2 1/2 year old son is just starting out in the train world , and this seems like a nice thing to add to his collection . The toy is durable and looks good . A little pricey , but I guess that has to do with the brand name .
 Nice doll , I cut off the fuzzy hair on top , my daughter could easily pull it out . It was easy and you ca n't tell it was even there . It 's great now !
 My grand daughter loves the doll . She would like it to stand on it 's own , but oh well . I did see this item in several stores after I ordered it on line with Amazon at much lower prices .
 Bought this and the Ken doll as a gift for my niece for being the flower girl in our wedding . She loved it !
 This is a pricey toy , but it has terrific play value . I bought it for my daughter -LRB- now 32 mos -RRB- after searching for a long time for a wooden pounding board with sturdy `` nails '' and realistic tools . All the other ones I found were cheapr plastic and for older preschoolers , so I was happy to discover this one.My daughter loves to pound and `` build '' and plays with this toy a least several times every day . It 's not unusual to find her playing with it a bedtime . When I tell her to put it away and get ready for bed she tells me , `` Not now , mom , I 'm banging ! '' And she does love to bang ! I 'll typically find her using the tools to `` repair '' kitchen chairs , cabinets and the sink . :-RRB- This is a great toy for spurring the imagination and letting children run wherever creative play takes them.My only complaint is that the board could be an inch or so bigger around the perimeter and could maybe sit a bit higher off the ground , but none that seems to bother my daughter . :-RRB- And I 'd love to see another version of this toy with plastic screws , threaded holes in the peg board , and a screwdriver . The best part about it is that the wooden pieces are of very high quality and the plastic tools are solid and perfect for toddler hands .
 This board may be nice since it is sturdy and made of wood , but there are too few pieces that come with it . My -LRB- almost -RRB- 4 year old twins have liked pounding pegs into the holes and assembling the other pieces , but there is not too much to do with the few pieces , so they get bored . I bought extra nails and screws and tools , but each new set also has too few piece , and at a significant expense . For example , one set added two wheels and only one L-shaped `` doodad '' . So we still ca n't build a car -- or even a wheelbarrow , since that would require one moreL-shaped `` doodad '' ! VERY FRUSTRATING ! Plus , every time I buy a set , I get more of the nails , or tools , which I no longer need.There must be better , and cheaper , building sets out there . The Brio train sets are much more practical .
 I bought this for my 20 mo old son , since there seem to be no small parts different from the 2 yr and up builder sets . Perhaps the small yellow gear is a danger if there are children who put stuff in their mouth around . The main gripe for me is that with only 6 red nails , they are pounded through pretty quickly and there are no feet for the top side , so he ca n't pound them back out on his own by flipping the board -- I have to do that . Further , its a pretty hefty , sturdy hammer , not the light plastic kind that comes with mega blocks or a ball pounder type toy . So I do have to supervise its use at all times . At 22 months , he is playing with it somewhat better , and manages to attach the strips or gear cogs to the board too sometimes ! I 've also added on a couple more packs of red nails , and thats added to the fun for now.I did not give it a 5 since in terms of concept the simplicity is suited better to his younger age group , but in execution it is targeted at an older toddler . It is built really well like all of the builder toys , and I 'm sure we will put it to good use in the future .
 as i stated in the title , this is a wonderful sac . i was simply amazed after playing with it for a few hours after it delivered . but then , i had been using cheap bead-filled sacs and even one i stitched up using felt -LRB- yeah , it wore down after just a couple of days . -RRB- so it 's pretty obvious i 'm not any sort of hacky-pro . i 'm just one of those kids that kicks it around for fun . although , i have noticed though that very small amounts of sand will seap out every now and then with this sac , so it 'll wear out eventually , but i would still purchase this sac over any others i 've ever seen or played with .
 Fast shipping , as advertised . Bought a couple for Christmas . These are nice and heavy and work very well . Hope my child does n't grow up to play this instead of studying like I did in college !
 I wanted a hackie sack to play with my frieds at hocky or at school somtimes even all in all met my needs
 Bought 4 of these about four weeks ago . My boys have been using them almost every day . So far we have not noticed any quality issues , and they seem to be well made .
 I bought three of these footage to use at work during downtime . They are a bit pricey , but very high quality , I purchased them primarily to practice juggling . They work excellent for juggling -LRB- I am just an amateur -RRB- and excellent for hacks sack . Everyone always wants to borrow them because they are so awesome .
 We just received this , so its durability is still `` to be seen '' , but overall it seems like a perfect hacky sack . Mine was exactly as shown in picture . And , the fill volume seems just right , while also not losing any of its contents during initial couple hours of use -LRB- again , the longer term durability has not yet been established -RRB- . Certainly not bad for the 10 buck price point ...
 We use this twice a day at work for about 15 minutes at a time . We have all skill levels and many who try to `` toe serve '' the footbag by stomping it * wince * . After a year of daily use , there are NO leaks and the logo is still visible . Other than being a bit dirty , it 's just like new . I 'm going to pick up a couple more so I do n't have to remember to bring it to work every day.On the technical side , this is a really easy bag to stall . I like the extra weight because I tend to kick pretty hard . You can do advanced tricks with this bag , no problem . As others have said , once you 're used to the weight , you probably wo n't buy anything else .
 However , the picture was deceiving . I thought I was ordering a pack of 12 , only to receive 1 . I was quite disappointed at the misleading advertisement .
 great product . so much better than those crochet bead filled hacky sacks . My teen loves it and I am orderng more of them
 Nice product for the kids to play with . Would buy again . Received on time as promised . Cheap but fun to play .
 Good quality and just the right amount of sand make it easy to stall and fun to play with . I approve of this hack .
 This footbag comes out of the box in a beautifully crafted 24 pannel soccerball style compilation . It 's soft felt does n't need to be broken in like a hemp footbag so it 's ready to use out of the box . I have purchased 15 of these in my lifetime and they have all been great . They are filled with sand and easy to control . Soooooooo good .
 I picked this `` SandMaster Footbag '' because of all the good reviews I read on it . It was a surprise gift for my 17 year old son at Christmas . He was delighted with it ... could n't wait to show the fellows ! He had been used to playing with ` lighter ' hackey sacks -LRB- that 's what they call them in Arkansas -RRB- . After he played with it for awhile , he said there was no going back to the lighter -LRB- less in weight -RRB- ones . He 's become very good with it . My only complaint was that I did not have a choice in color , and they sent us a light tan and white one . Boys play outside . My son would highly recommend the `` Sandmaster Footbag '' .
 my husband owns this bag and my daughter kept taking his so i had to get her one ... she loves it !!!
 I have accumulated several sandmaster footbags and it is by far my favourite bag to freestyle and group kick with . This bag tends to leak a little upon first use or within the first few weeks . It 's easy to fix the leaks with needle and string . The fabric is the best , making the bag incredibly easy to stall . DO NOT let anyone ` toe-up ' the bag as that will quickly tear a hole in the fabric . I 've had to sew my sandmasters many times because of idiots that decide ` toe-upping ' the bag is a great trick . Do n't do it to this bag , or any bag for that matter because it weakens the stitching as well , thus shortening the lifespan of the bag.I 'm not sure if toe-upping is a well known term so I 'll elaborate . Toe-upping the footbag is the same as rolling the toes of your foot backward across a soccer ball , then kicking forward to launch the ball to another person .
 Sandmasters pretty much dominate every other hacky sack . They are really soft and heavy . So they are great for stalls and are really satisfying to hit . The only thing is they leak sand pretty bad after a while . But they are still great while they last .
 I 've owned 2 other hacky sacks -LRB- one of those beanie ones and a i think whamo hacky sack -RRB- before buying this one . Please note that i was HORRIBLE at hacky sacking . I could n't even kick it 3 times in a row before dropping it . I was hesitant when i saw this because of the price , but i 'm glad i bought it . I 've gotten a lot better because of this hacky sack . Very easy to hit and stall . Filled perfectly . And I 'd say it 's pretty durable . It might be a bit hard to clean , but nothing too dramatic . =] -RSB-
 This hack is the best i have ever used . though it is the only one i use it is the best . i will continue to use this hacky sack and it will be the only one i use . and anyone that says sandmaster sucks as a hack than they suck as a player . Thats the bottom line because i said so .
 I know that i have n't got it yet , but if you could please send me the hacky sack that is orange grey and black i would greatly appreciate it ... thank you very much i use my red and black sandmaster every day . this product is amazing .
 My friend got one of these a couple of weeks ago , I liked it so much that I just ordered one for myself . This bag is a bit larger than other hacky sacks I 've used . At first I was a little unsure about that , and the weight also . It is substantially heavier than other hacky sacks . But that 's what makes this one so much better . Its size and weight put together allow for really great control , and after using this and grabbing my other -LRB- much lighter and smaller -RRB- hacky sack , I found myself hitting it too hard , and it would just flop around all over the place . Once you play with this for a little while , you will really like it and probably wo n't want to use any other type of hacky sack again .
 Ok . Sand hacky sacks are the bomb no matter how you slice it . People that whine about the selection , hacky sacks are expensive 13 dollars for 12 ? NO WAY . AND IT SAYS ASSORTED COLORS . You get a random color . Luck of the draw , mine was red and black and I 've had this for a long time , I 'm rough with mine and so is my buddy who has a grey one , we hacky all the time.Sand is great for stalling and hacky in general , keep these away from water , the sand will clump . And always , ALWAYS know better then to let someone whos a bad hacker play , if you 're new get a beaded one these are big deals to lose . I let someone play and they busted mine trying to break it in , thinking stomping on it would loosen sand . -LRB- ProTip ; Sand is loose already . -RRB- Great product , only con is the assorted color .
 I 've bought a few of these in my life -LRB- more than I can count -RRB- . And this particular brand of footbag have been good . Seems after you get them wet though , they start to leak . Otherwise , they have been great and have held up well.Peace and Jive
 I have had this footbag for about six months now and it is still in tact and all the sand still remains within the soft suede exterior . As I said before , the outside is very soft and double layared with a synthesized suede material . The material along with just the right amount of sand inside of the SandMaster Footbag makes it the best footbag I have ever hacked with . It is very easy to stall anywhere and easy to kick around at any skill level . Enjoy .
 Likely the best I 've owed , a must buy ! Proper size , perfectly filled , you wo n't be disappointed !
 The footbags are small , and you can not select specific colors . However , my boys love their footbags . They have had cheaper `` hacky sacs '' in the past and they were so excited about this one . They say they can now do tricks with their friends . I notice when the boys gather to play , they always use my sons ' bags .
 If you want to improve your hacking abilities i recommend buying this footbag . These are the only hacky sacs Iv ' e used since highshool . Other hacky sacs with the beads in them are awful , a waste of you time . This hack has the weight you need and the control that will make you spludge yourself . It may take some getting used to if your used to the bead ones but once you get the feel for it you will never look back .
 I bought this puzzle for my kids for Christmas last year and they really like playing with it . The only thing I do n't like is that they can not get the pieces back in the bag with out help . -LRB- I like toys that they can clean up by themselves -RRB- It is a good quality toy , colorful , and I have to admit I like playing with it too ! : -RRB-
 It does challenge my 7 YO with some of the questions as she is n't sure of the meaning . To that extent , it is a educational . It also promotes good logic patterns in the kids ... It has certainly been fun for the whole family . We play like this
 Adult intrigue is in it 's scope - which expectedly , only goes so far . Kids enjoy trying to trick it.Great distraction or brief group entertainment . Not suggested for an ` organized ' game .
 We played this game through the Christmas and New Years ' holidays . It was enjoyed by the kids and the adults and provided a FUN group activity for all ages . 20Q brought out great discussions on how to answer the questions . I highly recommend this game for everyone !
 Excellent play set with tons of interest for kids . The gray base-plate is a valuable component that can be used in many other projects . We did have some trouble with the tips of the black-rubber-hose-things breaking off , but I 'm not sure if those pieces were being used or abused -LRB- kids being how they are -RRB- . Other than that , all pieces are very durable . The wheels spin nicely , and before you know it , your kiddos will be using the wheels to make their own vehicles .
 This is a cool addition to your child 's Brio train set if you own the battery powered autostop engine . When you flip the switch to the off position , the engine automatically stops at the switch . When the switch is flipped on , the train proceeds on its way . Our son likes to use the switch to stop the train near the station to let cars go over the crossing . It adds another dimension to the set .
 If you own or plan to own a Brio battery operated train , this is a must have . My 2yr old loves interacting with his trains by simply pulling the leaver . Well worth it .
 This toy did not make it to my `` must buy '' list for my 2 year old sons first train set . Imagine my surprise when he was gifted it for his birthday and it became the centre of attraction for him . He loves to integrate it into his network just after the railway station and loves to wait and watch as the electric locomotive comes to a halt at the station , waiting for him to let it go on its path . He spent hours just stopping and starting the train only to lift the train and put it on the other side of the station so he could stop it again . And it definitely seems to be durable . My son likes to bang down `` hard '' on the red stopper to make the switch move . And so far it still works . A definite must have for us .
 This is a great little piece . When your train runs over it the train stops or passes on depending on which way the switch is pushed . It is a Brio and like most brio pieces it is well made and very sturdy . This piece has seen many years of use at our house with three kids playing with it , stepping on it and generally being kids around it . We have never had one problem with it.Well worth the money.Enjoy .
 I 'm 35 & had this electronic game -LRB- and still do -RRB- when I was a kid . I loved this game & it kept me busy for hours . You can play music , tic-tac-toe , Blackjack against the computer or others , and many other games . It does n't compare to a Game Boy Adv of course , but it 's still a fun electronic game !! Simple even for the little ones !!
 I got my Merlin when they first came out . I still have it , and it still works almost 30 years later . As a teacher , I believe it does have educational value . It helps children improve their logical thinking , eye hand coordination and memory skills . I am of the original video game generation -LRB- Pong , Atari , etc -RRB- and still enjoy my Game Cube and Wii . However nothing beats some of the original hand held games , and this is one of my favorites . I am getting them for my niece and nephews so they will leave mine alone . They enjoy my Merlin and yes , they are avid players of Nintendo DS .
 My 7 year old daughter has as much fun with the Merlin Electronic Puzzle Game as I did when I was a kid . Everyone loves to play Tic Tac Toe against Merlin , even Pa-Paw enjoys playing Merlin . I love that it helps my daughter with simple addition when playing Blackjack against Merlin . It also teaches her some logic and deduction in the puzzle games . Also , she really has to pay attention and listen to play the game where you repeat the note patterns . I feel alot better paying this amount of money for an educational electronic game than paying a hundred or two or three hundred dollars for an electronic game that will likely be obsolete in 30 years . Merlin is so cool !
 I bought mine at a thrift store for five bucks , took it home , and enjoyed the game instantly due to the demo batteries it comes with . It appears that Merlin is one of few toys you could get at any price and you 'd still be happy with what you bought . Just a few complaints : - Blackjack 13 is n't exactly random
 I used to have one of these as a kid and it was much bigger so when I got this one I was set back a bit . Plus the buttons where different too . Well after playing with it and my entire family I do n't think the size or the different style buttons matter . The game is awesome . I always like it and my kids do too .
 Bought this as a present for my sister for Christmas . We used to fight over the original game when we were kids . I thought it was a great nostalgic present . It looks the same , same games , and same sounds . Only thing to note
 I love this toy ! I never actually owned this toy back in the day , but it seem like half of all households in the 80s had one of these units . As stated , this toy has 6 fun games . Yea , the games are relatively simple , but are still as addictive as ever . This new Merlin reminds me of a phone or remote control which is a breath of fresh air because the old Merlin was just too bulky for this day and age . The reddish-orange glow on the buttons is attractive and the voice and sound effects are clear , pleasant , and at the right volume.Anyways , I think kids of all ages will enjoy this . Heck treat yourself if you 're an adult too . You probably will own this longer than your next iPod / iPhone / iPad . Hopefully , the sequel , Master Merlin , will get updated and re-released one of these days too .
 I too had a Merlin as a child and I loved it . I have been looking for a Merlin for years and I finally found it . I recently bought 2 and I am glad I did . My newphews are always playing with them . The memory game helps them out a lot . The older Merlins were bigger , and the buttons on this Merlin are raised , -LRB- the older ones were n't -RRB- , but it 's the same Merlin . I recieved my Merlin in the time that I was told . Great product .
 MERLIN IS THE BEST !!! BOTH GRANDSON 'S 6 & 4 1/2 LOVE TO PLAY WITH IT !! GREAT INVESTMENT FOR LONG TIME PLEASURE .
 Merlin keeps resurfacing over hte years and the kids enjoy playing it , as did I when I was younger .
 I guess I am reliving my childhood through my niece ... loved Merlin as a kid and was amazed to find it on Amazon.com . Wonderful gift .
 Holy crucified crumbcakes ! I 've been talking about the Merlin 5000 series for gigages ! I did n't even know the new model was out yet , but there it is , blazing like the Hope Diamond right after an Obama speech!I ca n't wait to show all my friends . It 's big so it looks like you 're actually talking on a phone instead of those little `` pocket pal '' mobile devices and glowy Spock implants all the yuppies in uptown sport while walking in circles , blabbering about the latest acroyoga hemp ceramics speed dating workshop or the trip they 're taking to Cannes to protest camel trainers . I like the simple interface and how , every time you make a call , you hit `` new game '' like each conversation is a clean slate . It 's a subtle motivator , let me tell you ! However , I 'm a little worried about the lone `` M '' on the new model . An homage to Hitchcock ? Peter Lorre ? The movement of water?Oh , I did give Merlin bad marks on durability because the last one I had did n't stand up to repeated hail marys at the wall after I lost at Tic Tac Toe .
 A good kit to build , can be glued or snaptite . Jaws and necks are moveable , it also has great detail . Another good drybrushing kit , as there is a good bit of shading if your into adding detail to your models . Paints & glue is n't included . Happy modeling .
 I first saw this game on tv . One of the shopping channels had some adults and kids playing it during a football products show.I 'm glad I got to see it live . I would never have known how fun this game is , had I not seen it in action . It is very easy to learn and lots of fun to play . All ages can enjoy it and all ages can play together.The only negative is the aweful plastic smell when you take the field matt out of the tube it comes in . Just air it out for a day and it helps . Do n't let the smell stop you from enjoying the game.Lots of fun . Anyone can play it . Recovering from back surgery and I can play it too !
 My son got this kit for his fifth birthday . It comes with easy to follow picture instruction books for three different vehicles . He has even come up with a few of his own creations . When he works with this kit he really feels a sense of accomplishment and after help from me for the first few times he is able to work on his own . A word of caution though , the age recomendations on the description say for 24 months and up . There are very small parts in this kit and fine motor skills are needed . I would n't recommend buying this for anybody under three or four .
 This tent is fun , especially for us overgrown kids when we can sneak in . Mommy & daddy will fit easily and can even enter through the round openings on the side . If you get the tent , also buy at least one tunnel -LRB- ASIN
 My son loved this tent . I was able to put it together with relative ease . It has plenty of space inside and does n't take up too much space . -LRB- He had it set up in his room -RRB- It is very durable . There were a dozen kids going in and out of the thing for months . I am very satisfied with my purchase .
 Easy to set up . Big enough for several kids to play in . Does take up a lot of room . Just be careful with the rods when setting it up . We did get a tear . Overall , the kids have fun playing with it . It 's a good play tent for several kids and older kids as well .
 I purchased this tent as a replacement for one that was similar but disappeared from our home . I have 2 boys that are tall for their age and they love it . They actually camped out inside of it the first night we received it -LRB- in our family room -RRB- . It is large enough to stand up in for younger kids and large enough to hang out the front while watching a movie or playing games .
 This rake is great ! It 's not plastic and cheap , it 's metal and strong and works just like a `` grown-up '' rake . It really works . Both my kids love it and I actually get them to help !!
 My daughter loves Groovey girls and this was an addition to her collection . She loves it ! Even took it to school for show and tell .
 These Groovy Girl dolls are the best ! There are currently over 200 of them , though many are `` retired '' and no longer available . They are soft and flexible and you can change their clothes . These dolls have sweet faces - not attitude . They are packed with personality . They are not dressed in hoochy mamma clothes . There is multiracial representation . There are horses , pets , furniture , and all sorts of different characters . My daughter has a collection of well over 100 Groovy Girls and animals . They wash well too . I would recommend these dolls for any young girl from three up to twelve or thirteen years old . It is a fun collection . Also , the secondary market for these dolls is quite active . Countessa is a Halloween doll .
 If you already have some Brio Builder pieces , this base plate is a great addition . For younger children , the plate is a perfect base for hammering nails into . For older children , it is a large , sturdy foundation for all sorts of Brio Builder creations.This base plate is hard to find -LRB- we bought ours from eBay -RRB- , so I would recommend buying one while you can . I do n't have any affiliation with Brio or with this Amazon seller ; I 'm just a mom who loves Brio Builder for my kids .
 Love this tent !!! We bought my 3 year old a discovery tent for Christmas -LRB- which ended up being horrible !! poles were cheap , cheap , plastic and not durable at all . -RRB- Bought this tent as a replacement and love it . The pole are very durable , strong thick plastic ! I love the fact that this tent has the netting at the top , lets fresh air into the tent . My little boy get to sleep in this during the weekend and it 's a wonderful kids tent . I 'm very happy with this product and have zero regrets .
 We 'd bought a different tent that the kids tore through in a matter of minutes and we returned . Did a little more research the second time around and decided on this one . They 've played just as hard with this one now for several weeks and it is holding up great . Easy to assemble and the hardware is much more stable than the first one we had . Got the tunnel that matches - also durable and the kids love running into the tent , thru the tunnel and back again - over and over and over .
 I bought this for my 2 girls 3 weeks back - 4 yrs and 22 months - and they both love it . Its their favorite toy . Its being used indoors . Very easy to assemble and disassemble , roomy and sturdy - my 22 month old has pushed and pulled at it , run into it , toppled it over , bulldozed her way into it and its holding up very well . Provides hours of pretend play opportunities . It allows them to feel like they are on an ` adventure ' - they take their toys into it , their pillow and blankets , their snacks ... roll down the window , zip the flap and they are in their own world -LRB- even though the tent is in full view of the grownups in the room -RRB- . The mesh panels on the top make it easy for a grown up to check in on them without ` intruding ' in their space . One of the best toys I 've purchased for them .
 My three year old son received this tent as a Christmas gift . I had asked for a smaller one , but my dad insisted on getting this one . It 's really cute , and seems to be made of durable material . I 'm able to set it up by myself in under five minutes -LRB- though not without some serious wrangling -RRB- . It also folds down to be super compact , so it 's easy to store away . My one complaint is that it is way bigger than most play tents I 've seen -- it takes up most of the available floor space no matter where we set it up in our house . To be fair , we live in a small condo with somewhat small rooms , so if you live in a house with good sized rooms , this may not be an issue for you . That said , my son certainly seems to be enjoying the tent . When I told him I was thinking about exchanging it for a smaller one , he said , `` No ! I can fit a lot of toys in there !! '' So , I guess if he 's enjoying it , we 'll keep it . : -RRB-
 Bought this for my four year old grandson.He really loves it.I put it up in his bedroom.It was very easy to put up and seems pretty sturdy , it has a lot of screened area - -LRB- windows and part of the roof-so it is quite well ventilated.I would not put it outside if there was a threat of rain ... because it has no flaps for the windows.It is big enough for me to get inside of it with him to read stories ... which he loves ... it has been up for about three weeks and he has not damaged it ... so I would give it a thumbs up.Especially for the price and ease of installation .
 We bought this to go with a pacific tent play tunnel thinking it would connect with the Velcro flap on the tunnel . It does n't ! And the tent is much larger than anticipated , even after reading the measurements . My one year old daughter still loves to play in it but it would be better if the tunnel was connected .
 I was expecting a pop up tent to match his pop out tunnel when I bought this tent , but it was n't . It 's like a tent you would take camping with poles to stand it up . It 's kind of a PITA to set up but it fits back nicely in the original box when my son is done with it for easy storage .
 My daughter loved this tent when she was 4 years old . We had many camp-ins in the livingroom with her tent . The tent was easy to set up , take down and store . I 'm not an outside person , so we never stayed out overnight with it . However she enjoyed being on the porch during day with it .
 GREAT PLAY TENT , THE TWINS LOVE IT . WELL CONSTRUCTED MATERIALS AND VERY EASY TO SET-UP AND EASY TO FOLD AND STORE .
 I bought this tent for my one year old son and he absolutely loves it . The floor of the tent makes a rustling noise when walked on and that adds to the fun for him . He runs in the front door and crawls out the back hole over and over again . It has two mesh openings for ventilation and my son likes to peek out of them . Makes for a good nap after playing with it ! I 'm going to buy the tunnel that connects to the opening on the back . I love this tent because it is easy to put up and take down and is very compact when disassembled . There are also no rough or sharp edges on which you can get hurt . So far it seems very durable and my son plays rough . As long as it holds out , it should provide years of fun . I definately give it a two thumbs up !
 I bought this for my 3 year old daughter . We used it outside for the summer and it 's great . I would suggest keeping it inside as the outdoor elements warped it after 3 or 4 months -- and also the sun faded it quite a bit . It was pretty sturdy until the wind and rain got to it . I think if you plan on keeping it outside , consider it disposable after one season . If you keep it in the house , it would last a long time . Great fun and a great deal for the money ! And as an adult , I DID fit into it with her !
 My husband just came home with this . I put it together myself and it was quite easy , the hard part was taming the kids while I did it . MY 3 1/2 and 1 1/2 year old love this . They love to crawl through the hole and my daughter insist on keeping the `` curtains '' open . They find it funny that mommy gets stuck in the hole . My son -LRB- 1 1/2 -RRB- , we call him the destroyer , loves to jump on the tent . This is not reccomended because after only a few days , one of the prongs kind of bent and now the tent looks a bit lopsided . I also noticed that the prongs quickly went through two of the feet on the bottom . I was able to fix it with a couple of stitches . A great item for 3 yrs and up but not quite suitable for destructive 1 1/2 yr olds .
 We bought this tent for our son -LRB- age 20 months -RRB- for Christmas . He loves it . It is so much fun for him to hide from Mommy and Daddy in his tent . It is quite durable - he climbs in and out and regularly crashes into it on his ride around cars . It 's held up to all of this with no problem . We have this setup in his play area - when not in use - it 's a great place to store toys , books and other small items that might look messy if let in plain view . I would recommend this product - for the price , you ca n't beat the value .
 ours is an older model which has 2 windows plus the zipper entry , and it came with the tunnel . it had been well used by the previous family , so i needed to do some simple machine sewing to reinforce the loops that the poles slip into , but other than that it has weathered very well . all of my son 's friends love coming over to play in the tent and tunnel . even our cats enjoy getting in there when my son is n't around . sets up and collapses very easily . we 've even brought the tunnel along with us on a trip to give our son someplace familiar to play in hotel rooms . a friend told me `` i 'm gon na skip gymboree , and just make an appointment to play with you '' and your tent ! i got the tent in early august , and my 2 yo son is still in it every day .
 Its a good tent for the little ones . Indoors or out . My grandchildren love it . However one of the main reasons I was sold on this tent was that in the description from Toy R Us and Amazon says its padded . The bottom is only a piece of tarp , not padded . Kinda misleading . But the kids do love it and it is a great toy for the price . I would recommend it for anyone with little ones who love to crawl , play hide - n - seek , and ` hide ' from adults . Like I said , a bit disappointed the bottoms not padded but I am very glad I bought it .
 My five year old and I too have enjoyed this item . It seems of equal price and quality . The size of it is attractive . It does not take up the whole room when set up . It 's large enough for play but , not too big to walk by . The storage is great . It has a small bag with a slot to add a name tag for storing .
 Our son is nearly 3 years old , and really enjoys playing with this tent - both inside and outside the house . The mesh panels at the top alow him to look out -LRB- or in when playing with friends -RRB- , and helps provide reasonable ventilation . He also loves having the tunnel hole as well as the main entrance as this gives him more options in crawling in and out of the tent.If it 's windy , this tent will be blown around a bit as there are no pegs to secure it down . However , the fact that it can just as easily be set up indoors more than makes up for this - especially if it 's cold or raining outside and he needs something different to play with.A minor critisism is the velcro strips used to secure the tent flaps look they 'll come apart sooner or later - though so far they 've managed to hold on even with some fairly rough play.Overall , the versatility of this tent and relatively low cost have made this a great buy for us .
 Kids love having a place to hide , and tents like this one let you provide a safe place to hide that you can still keep an eye on . It 's not a terribly rugged unit , but for the intended age group is sufficient ; just do n't try to use it outdoors . It 's best used on a carpeted surface in a family room or living room.I like the vent on the top - a good safety feature that keeps air flowing in - but you still want to keep a close eye on kids in ANY play structure , particularly the younger ones .
 My 3 year old Great Grandson loved receiving this wonderful toy . He loves hiding out in it , and pretending to be be all alone.I has an air of mystery for him and he trys to coax his one year old sister to join him .
 Just the right size and easy to set up and transport . Coupled with the Tunnel , the children spend a lot of time in their sanctuary .
 Very good quality , great finish , it 's just as shown in the image and as stated in the specifications . I highly recommend it .
 My grandson still has a great time with this tent , and even after a year of having it , it assembles quickly and is still in perfect working condition . Great purchase .
 We looked at a lot of tent 's online and in the store before deciding on this one . Thus far it was really easy to assemble and for the most part pretty durable . I do n't see this lasting years and years as the sides appear that you could easily puncture them with a sharp object and/or cat claw -LRB- which our cats are also thrilled by this tent -RRB- , however , for the price I think it was a good purchase .
 My 2 year old grandson loves it , set up easily . He loves climbiing and out and bringing in his toys . I 'm sure he will play with it often .
 I think it was a good value for our money . It came right to our door in plenty of time for gift giving !
 My oldest son received this for Christmas when he was about 18 months old . He turns 5 this week , and still adores this tent , as does his younger brother . They love to chase each other by crawling through the circle in the back , and out the front flaps , and they sit inside and play also . My oldest even sleeps in it sometimes , though he 's so tall now that his feet stick out of the flaps ! He is tall for his age though , so do n't let that hinder your decision . It 's really meant for play anyway -- not necessarily for sleeping . It 's very easy to put together and take apart , and I have n't had a single problem with it the entire time we 've had it -- and I do n't anticipate any problems with it in the future .
 I bought this and the connecting tunnel for my 5 year old and 1 year old twins ... They love it and can play in it for hours ... It is a bit large for inside , but if you have the room . ...
 This is such a great investment ! We have had this same model tent for about five years now and my children -LRB- 7 and now also a 4 year old -RRB- love pretending in it . It 's great for sleep overs too -LRB- only sleeps two -RRB- . It 's a little bulky in size , but set up is sooo easy - literally takes just a minute or less to stick the poles in and tie the top . The kids love to help too . I rated durability a 4 because one of the tension poles did have a piece snap off and now we ca n't use the tent at all . Prior to that the pocket that holds one of the poles ripped , but this we just pinned with a diaper safety pin . This did happen just fairly recently and it has been played with a lot . -LSB- ... -RSB- They also have a new tent that will sleep 4 children , but it 's not available until summer of 2005 so we are considering waiting for this bigger model .
 My kids love this tent , but after some roughousing one of the poles bent , and it sits in the closet . Also , it is pretty small and my crew were a little cramped in it . It would be nice if it could be weighted down somehow . They thought it was great fun , but it did n't last .
 I purchased this for my four-year old son for Christmas . He has recently become interested in `` camping in '' since he plays with it indoors . I would n't advise using it outdoors , though . I ca n't imagine it surviving in certain weather conditions . My nine-month old daughter enjoys crawling in and out of it . Great tent , just wish I had bought one that had more room for adults .
 I purchased this tent over 6 years ago when my oldest daughter was only 2 . She and her friends and cousins played for hours in it . It lived in our backyard for weeks at a time . It was also a favorite of my youngest daughter who is now 4 1/2 . They are no longer really interested in this as a toy , but we still use it for our outdoor outings and camping . It has now become known affectionately as the `` potty tent . '' I put the small toilet that I used when they were potty training in it and they are able to go to the potty whenever they need to instead of having to walk them -LRB- sometimes across camp or the beach -RRB- to go potty . The floor washes for those occasional mishaps and it is small when collapsed and easy to pack.I highly recommend this tent for play and a parent 's sanity for multiple children who never seem to need to `` go '' at the same time .
 This tent is really a good one . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is that the top is see-through -LRB- a sheer mesh -RRB- and in order to make it dark inside I have to cover it with a dark quilt ... one of the reasons I bought it was so that I did n't have to use a quilt to make a tent for my daughter ! Wish it came with a cover of some sort.I also put four 2 ` x2 ' foam square mats inside to soften the inside bottom and they fit perfectly!My kids love to play in it . It does n't take up too much room . Right now it 's in my dining room but it 's going in the playroom we are making for the girls . -LRB- The two little girls in the pictures , with their cousin , are mine . -RRB- Right now they are the right size for it but when they get older I might buy them the bigger version.And I do n't see any blue dust anywhere in my house so maybe the nurse who complained about it should write to the company and get a new one .
 My son really enjoys playing with this tent . He never gets tired of it and guests like it even more . We even use it when we travel as sort of a `` playpen '' , he brings his own room . Unfortuneately the poles were really flimsy from the start . They broke almost right away and weve had to invent our own . Having replacement parts for childrens toys is a very important feature of a good toy company . hint hint
 This is a great tent for kids . My two sons love it . They are in it all day.I have a tunnel that they recieved for Christmas last year and I connected it to the tent . The only problem I have is that they hide in there when it is time to take a bath , etc. .
 My son loves his Pacific Play Tents `` Me Too Play Tent '' We bought it for him when he was 15 months old and filled it with balls . Also , I think he feels really comfortable in there , when the balls are taken out , he takes his books inside the tent and sits for 15 minutes to just `` rest a while '' . We love the tent and really appreciate the vents at the top , especially when dirty diapers occur !
 We purchased this tent for our granddaughers third birthday , -LRB- we got tired of pulling out the blankets and placing them across tables -RRB- . It is a perfect size for her , and so far seems very durable . It was a snap to put up , just a couple of minutes . We would recommend this tent without question .
 I must say this tent has held up well to my 3.5 year olds abuse . We have had it for 2 years now and it has finally collapsed . My son begs me to get the tent out . My only complaint is it 's not the easiest thing to put up . Especially when you have two kids who are trying to climb through it before it 's erected . I would highly recommend this tent as long as you do n't mind erecting it and taking it down .
 This play tent exceeded our expectations . It is durable and easy to pack . It fits in a small pouch that is included . My daughter loves it and now `` camps out '' at night in the bedroom . It is much more solid than expected and is quite sturdy . Unending fun for my 4year old . But adults , take my word for it , it is not big enough for you to `` camp '' with your child unless you are under 4 feet . A wonderful buy .
 Was not happy with this purchase at all . Returned it the following day . The material appears flimsy and is very noisy . Play tents are great -- just not this one .
 I recently purchased a Hot Wheels tent that looked just like this but it had no bottom and the balls just rolled out underneath all 4 sides . I purchased this and it works wonderful for my 3 1/2 yr old and 2 year old as a ball pitt . I just keep the velcro side closed and they crawl in and out of the round hole . Then they can use as tent as well . Wonderful , easy to put up . No tools , no man needed !!! HA-HA !! Everyone with young kids should have one of these with balls in it .
 Our kids were constantly asking us to `` make us a tent ! '' . After years of draping fitted sheets across stools -LRB- only to have them fall down every ten seconds -RRB- , my husband and I decided to get them an inexpensive proper tent . What a great purchase ! This tent is so easy to set up and take down , and it does n't take up that much room . Our kids will play together in the tent for hours , and they love the idea of having an indoor `` campout '' sleepover with their friends .
 I bought this tent at the local Toys ' R Us after reading these reviews , and I 'm glad I did . Everything the reviews say is true ... It sets up in minutes , disassembles even faster , weighs next to nothing , and is portable , relatively durable , and very inexpensive . ==== Update
 I bought this tent for my grandaughter 's 8th birthday and she and her 4 yr . old brother have had great fun `` pretending '' in it , even sleeping in it in the living room one night . It is a great price for a durable , good-sized , good looking play item . I am very satisfied .
 Kids love the idea of camping , but , I 'm not about to set up a tent outside . This Tent is a special event thing for our children . They will usually sleep in it on Friday Night.The tent is easy to set up . It 's nice that it has a floor to it , that way you can use it comfortably outdoors . You 'll see ours normally setup in the Living room . KIDS GIVE IT 5 STARS !!
 Considering the price , I was a bit leery , but I was so disappointed with the absolute junk I kept finding at the local `` toys n ' stuff '' store , I thought I 'd give this tent a chance . That and the fact that my son got a Pacific Play Tents tunnel for his first birthday.I am quite pleased with the quality of this tent . No , you should n't use it when attempting to summit Everest . In fact , I do n't plan on using it for anything other than indoor play as the ceiling is mesh and there is no rain fly . No , I was n't expecting one . Heck , there are n't even any tent stakes to step on.The materials are very good for this price point
 This tent is very fun . My 20 month-old son has loved playing in it since he first began to crawl . However , the way the poles anchor into the tent to hold it up is flawed . The pockets at the base that the poles fit into are n't strong enough and all four of them have developed holes . It takes some parental magic to keep the tent up . We 'll be looking for a new tent with a better design next time .
 This is a great tent for kids and parents . Santa brought this tent to our 3 -LRB- soon to be 4 -RRB- year old daughter and she loves it . It was the first thing set up after all of the presents were opened . It set up so easily and when we are done playing with it , it packs up into such a small bag - very easily stored . My husband is a very avid camper/backpacker so my daughter wanted a tent just like Daddy 's . This is it , just a smaller version . The only complaint that I have with it is that you can not lay a child 's sleeping bag flat in it and that tends to frustrate her . Other than that though , we are very pleased .
 I bought this item for my grandsons for Christmas . I am looking forward to giving it to them , as I think they will really enjoy it .
 We purchased this tent for our son 's first birthday . It is small enough to set up in the house without taking up too much space . The colors are great and it has lasted through our son hanging on the walls . We have not let him touch the zippers , they seem a little flimsy .
 We purchased this play tent as a replacement for another brand whose tent poles were easily bent and broken , and so far we are extremely pleased with this purchase . The tent poles are like real tent poles , and the pole pockets are made of a very sturdy nylon material instead of the material on the bottom of the tent -LRB- as was the case with our other one -RRB- . The price is terrific for a tent of this quality and I can see us taking it outside in the summertime . We have it permanently set up in my 3 year old 's room and he and his 17 month old sister are having a ball with it . It 's large enough for 2 adults and 2 children to sit `` criss-cross applesauce '' inside it and it has mesh material at the top for ventilation . A quality product all around !
 I bought this tent for my 16 month old for Christmas . We were so excited when it arrived that we put it together early ! We bought it for $ 24 and I think we 're definitely getting our money 's worth ! Very durable , perfect size ! He likes to put a chair in it and watch movies !
 Gave this to my nephew and wow talk about a hit . Now I 'm getting one for my twin boys to play with .
 I purchased this to match the tunnel I got at TRU . TRU does n't carry the matching tent and I 'm happy I found it here . Easy to set up and my 18mo old twin boys love playing hide and go seek in it .
 this is a little too large for the living room but it is big enough for momma and baby to get in a wrestle in some what -LRB- and I am 5 ' 10 '' -RRB- ... it will be great for backyard slumber parties next year !
 Had the tent set up in 5 minutes . Using it indoors for a play area and for reading books with a 1 year old . Plenty of room for an adult and child inside .
 Wonderful , great , and worth the money . When my grandaughter seen this she went crazy . She loves this tent . I would have paid anything to see her face Christmas morning when she saw this ...
 Like the wooden Maquettes that are found in Art Stores , Blue Benders are fun to manipulate in many different poses . I think Art Students of all ages will find them * LOTS * of fun to create scenarios with two or more Blue Benders . I would warn against buying a Blue Bender for childen under the age 9 because the wire body is delicate and they may break and the broken wire may hurt the child . As a Student of Art myself , I have fun creating different scenes with all the Blue Bender family members .
 My kids love this ! Good toy for playing in the house or out , great price and the best part is that it folds up nicely to be stored out of the way . I give it only four stars because the piping that gives it its form can be a bit of a stinger on the knees .
 I ordered this item for my daughter 's 1st birthday . Having my older daughter play with one of these at 18months at other kids homes , I knew that we needed one of these at our house ! It 's great , especially with the windows for the girls to see out and make sure mom or dad is still there . If my house was big enough I 'd order another one to connect to it as well . It 's really great for any age child , as long as they 're crawling .
 I have bought this tunnel for my three children . They seem to enjoy this toy very well . One bad thing about the toys is that it seems to be to small for all three to climb thru . This item is very durable and easy to fold and store away .
 I bought this for my 2 year old niece and she adores it ! She loves to put the tunnel at the base of her Little Tykes plastic slide and then slide down the slide and into the tunnel . Her big sister , 7 , also ca n't get enough of it for fort-making . It has also made a trip to pre-school for `` Show and Share '' day . Apparently , my niece did not want to share ! But she got over it and the kids had a great time . This tunnel is virtually indestructable and takes a beating . Lots of fun . Most adults can fit in it , too .
 I actually bought this tunnel for my cat , and she loves it ! The idea occurred to me because I bought a desk which came in a tall thin box and my cat turned it into a playhouse , sliding into it and bringing her toys in . I got the tunnel about 3 wks ago and it has become her haven
 My brother and I had a cloth version of this toy back in the 1960 's and we LOVED it . We used it to connect rooms in the house , and it was an essential part of many great make-believe games . My friends all remember it fondly as well . We have been looking for something similar for years . I gave durability only a 3 star as I have not yet actually bought the modern tunnel , I 'm just about to .
 My cats are very active , so I bought this tunnel on 1/2 price sale at our local -LSB- store -RSB- . They play in it several times a day & just love it ! It is about 2 years old & some of the mesh see-thru netting is tattered from kitty claws , but it is quite durable & keeps it shape well . My neice loves to play in it , too , when she & her family visits . A very fun toy for both human kids & animal kids .
 This is a great toy . My 1 year old twins love it , it keeps them entertained for hours , we play peek a boo and hind and seek all in this tunnel . It has had juice and milk spills and wipes up nicely . It is very convenent to put away , it collapes down to no more then 2 inches high , hides under the sofa nice !
 My 8-year-old son has been using -LRB- and abusing -RRB- this tunnel for six years now . He does n't just crawl in it ... He also throws it around the house and yard , walks around with it over his body like a Mummenshanz puppeteer , and bends it , hooks , it , stuffs it , and otherwise tries his darndest to wreck it.And you know what ? The tunnel has held up perfectly . No rips , tears , holes , broken hoops ... It seems almost indestructible!Definitely one of the best investments I 've made in my son 's play life.Since I first wrote this review , my daughter started playing with this tunnel . She 's five now , and is just as rough on the thing as my son is . Still holding up , still great fun .
 This is a great toy ! I bought it for my one year old daughter for her birthday . We put it up at night , and in the morning when she notices it folded up she immediately points at it to have us unfold it . Then she literally dives into the tunnel . -LRB- The cats also like it ! -RRB- We play peek-a-boo and tag . She has been walking since 9 1/2 months , so I was unsure if she would be interested in crawling through such an object , but she absolutely loves it . And it is very safe . I am told by a child development specialist that entering tunnels and things of that sort is phenomenal for a toddler 's development . For such a cheap price , I am buying these for all her little friends ' birthdays . A must have .
 I purchased this tunnel for my 1 year old and he loves it . He 's a crawler and just loves to be chased into the tunnel then met at either end with a surprise `` Boo '' ! The tunnel really wears him out and he plays in it every day . This toy is a great investment because it will grow with him ... apparently until he 's 9 years old . What a great toy value .
 I got this toy to use in my church nursery for my toddler Sunday School class . They love it ! We use it to act out Biblical Voyages , such as Moses crossing the red sea . This is one of their favorite toys ! They love chasing each other through it and hiding in it . It is easy to clean up , just collapse it and tie the nylon ties closed . It has been smooshed , jumped on , and used by a LARGE 10-year old , and no damage has been done ! I am very happy with this item.It is 6 Feet long , the picture on this site shows two tunnels locked together - take the picture , divide it by two , and that is the product you are purchasing
 This is a great toy when you are having more kids around the house for a party or playgroup . It keeps kids busy for a long time . It is also very light weight so the kids can also carry it along with them from room to room . It 's well padded on the wires . Seems like we 'll end up with it forever .
 I am using this tunnel for dog agility . Now I know these are for kids but for all of us who need equipment for agility and get tired of paying hundreds of dollars , you start to look around at other solutions . This is a great durable tunnel . You can connect them together to get a long , perhaps competition sized tunnel for agility . Great price too . Would suggest weights just like any other tunnel to ensure it doesnt roll when the dog is in it or blow around too much . So even though it is for kids , dogs love it too !!!
 My boys -LRB- now 3.5 and 1.5 -RRB- got this tunnel for a birthday gift last fall . They love crawling in the tunnel and encasing themselves inside and popping out . We received this with the neon hide-me tent and connecting tunnel . We have rainy day picnics inside the tent and tunnel on rainy days ! I 'm glad we have two tunnels as they 're not terribly big and then each kid has one to crawl through . Both items are durable as my boys are very active and somewhat rough on toys . These toys are always the first to be requested and pulled out when friends are visiting -LRB- even older kids -RRB- ! A good buy !
 I think this is a really cool toy . I do have an uncoventional use for it . Dog agility training in the house . My dachshund Duke loves it and he has n't torn it up yet and that is saying something .
 I bought this toy when my son was just over 6 months old and crawling . The tubular construction is padded so it is easy on the knees . Another thing that made it a great choice is the peek windows that allow the child to see you or crawl towards where they hear your voice . My son is now almost 5 and it is still one of his favorite toys . He and his friends pull it out and have a blast . The best thing is that it is so well made that it is still in great shape . My son was a late in life child so we are able to buy just about anything we want for him , and we do . -LRB- Although we do rotate and give to charity quite often to keep him from having too much -RRB- So when I say this is in the top 5 of all the toys ever ... it is saying something . So much so that I am ordering another one for our 7 month old nephew for Christmas .
 We bought this tunnel over a year ago for our then-crawling almost-one-year-old . I figured it would encourage her to crawl more , which it did -- she loved it!Now she 's a running , screaming , jumping , independent 2 yo who still drags this tunnel out of the back corner of the play area -LRB- where I 've tried to hide it -RRB- and squeals excitedly when we pop it out for her to play in.Her older sister , who is now 3 1/2 , also loves the tunnel . She copies her aunt 's ideas and stands upright in the tunnel to pretend she 's a monster , or hops with it around her and pretends to be a caterpillar or a frog.We do n't yet have any of the tent accessories , but we build our own tents with sofa cushions and sheets , then stick one end of the tunnel in a gap , and you have a secret entrance to a special hideaway.This is one of those classic toys that children of all ages can find lots of uses for -- it sparks creativity and imagination , and gives Mom a few minutes ' break to go clean the kitchen . ; - -RRB- UPDATE
 My son LOVES this tunnel ! He plays hide and go seek in it and loves to take his books inside too.It is durable and easy to get out and put away !!
 Tunnel is great for multiple kids cuz nobody is fighting over different parts . Entertains for a good long while . Folds up easily & small & stores out of sight . Very durable - we drag kids around the house in it - no tears .
 This tunnel we purchased when my son was 13 months old and it took him a month to really decide he 'd play with it , but when he did look out . Now he loves it and I can play peek-a-boo with him using it . If I look through one end he will go to the other and climb through to get to me . It really wears some of his energy off . We all Love this toy ! It has lasted too , in the backyard or in the house it is great .
 It 's too bad the Space Dome tent -LRB- ASIN
 I purchased this for my then 9-month-old -LRB- she 's 11 months now -RRB- after I noticed how much she enjoyed crawling through a blanket fort I built . Well , she loves this tunnel too ! The mesh see-through panels are great for playing peek-a-boo , and the tunnel is long enough while still fitting well in our basement playroom . It 's a great item that I think she 'll enjoy for a long time to come .
 I bought this fun tunnel for play with my three dogs
 Both of my kids -LRB- a son who is 3 and daughter who is 13months -RRB- love this tunnel , they can chase each other through it for hours , i highly recommend it for active young children
 We got this for the kids -LRB- 3.5 and 8 months -RRB- for Christmas , but I do n't know who enjoyed it more
 I bought this when my son was not quite a year ... and he absolutely loved it ! He was crawling really well and it seemed like the perfect toy to encourage his crawling while playing . The best part is that it 's fun for mom & dad , too ! I can fit in the tunnel -LRB- though I am petite -RRB- , which my son loves ! I also really like the mesh panels -- so I can see him and he can see me . The tunnel also folds up compactly , which makes it great for travel . It is n't very big overall and fits well in our small living room . My son is now 17 months and still gets the biggest smile on his face when I get it out ! Definitely a great toy !!
 I ordered this tunnel for my three year old and she is very excited about it . She loves playing in it . However , the main picture for the product shows two tunnels joined together , so I was expecting a longer tunnel than we got . It still provides lots of fun , just wish it was as long as it looks in the picture .
 This is a great energy burner on a cold , winter day . I have two boys , 4 and a half years and one year and they both play in this . It is one thing they have tons of fun playing with together . They enjoy rolling in it , crawling and playing hide and seek in it . I bought it for my one year for his first birthday . I highly reccomend it for active toddlers and preschoolers . Warning , it is about half the size of the tunnel pictured in the ad .
 I have a 10 month old and a 3 1/2 yr old who both love this tunnel !!!!!
 We purchased this tunnel for our daughter after using it at a friends house . She is only 20 months , but has played with it since her 1st birthday . She absolutely loves it . She asks for the ` toonel ' and loves to be chased through it by Mommy and Daddy . She likes to ` fall ' on it and lay inside it and roll around ; it has really held up for us . It is also easy to store . I would recommend it to parents .
 After reading other reviews , I , too , purchased this to use to practice agility with our dog . I was n't sure it would be large enough . She is an English Setter . It works perfectly for this size of dog . She is approx . 35 lbs , med . size dog.Cindy
 My 19-month-old son gets a lot of enjoyment and exercise from this tunnel . It is very sturdy , and the color is bright and attractive . The mesh `` windows '' add to the fun of playing hide and seek while he is crawling through . I have also recently started rolling a large ball through the tunnel , with him retrieving it at the other end . It 's quicky and easy to pack up , and it packs flat , so it 's easy to store . I really recommend this item , especially for winter-time when the kids ca n't get outside to burn off energy so much . Enjoy !
 I PURCHASED TWO OF THESE FOR MY TWO AND A HALF YEAR OLD SON AND ONE FOR MY THREE YEAR OLD GRANDSON FOR CHRISTMAS AND THEY LOVE THEM ! I TAKE CARE OF MY DAUGHTER 'S THREE YEAR OLD AND ONE YEAR OLD SONS A FEW DAYS A WEEK AND THEY LOVE TO CHASE EACH OTHER THROUGH THE TWO TUNNELS THAT I CONNECTED!THEY ARE VERY LONG WHEN CONNECTED BUT ARE VERY EASY TO SQUEEZE TOGETHER AND FASTEN THE VELCRO STRAPS FOR STORAGE-WE USUALLY HAVE OURS STRETCHED THROUGH THE HALLWAY AND THEY LOVE TO CRAWL THROUGH PUSHING CARS OR TAKING THE FLASHLIGHT IN TO SHINE THROUGH THE TUNNEL OR PLAYING PEEK-A-BOO THROUGH THE MESH INSERTS.MY OLDER KIDS ALL SAID THAT THEY WOULD HAVE LOVED THIS TOY WHEN THEY WERE SMALL .
 We bought this for my 2 1/2 year old for Christmas . It 's only been a couple of days , but my son loves it . He 's a very active child and never sits down , so it 's difficult to find a toy that will hold his interest -LRB- that 's why a few days is a miracle -RRB- . My son has crawled all over the outside , as well as the inside and the tunnel holds its shape well . Hopefully , it will remain durable .
 I bought this cute toy as a gift . The recipients - a 9 month old baby and his parents - loved it . The baby loves to hold the toy and ca n't get enough of those tags . This product keeps the baby interested and learning .
 This is a cute little toy that 's easy for little , uncoordinated hands to grab . The jiggly bone helps catch their eye and get them interested , and then it 's a cute little doggie with lots of fun tags to rub and feel .
 We just had baby # 4 in August and I was given a gift card for Amazon . I 've always wanted a Taggie blanket for one of my kids , but when I saw this , I fell in love ! Its much bigger than what I expected . I thought it would be a little toy for baby to shake in their hands . This guy is probably 8 '' high , give or take . When you shake him , he has a bell so he makes a jingle noise . You can pull the bone and it gives a little vibrating shake . His ears crinkle , and he 's super soft . This is my baby 's first real toy , and she loves it . She 's not big enough to hold it yet but we hold it for her and she smiles and follows it with her eyes . She loves the jingle noise too . I ca n't wait to get her another Taggie toy for Christmas .
 I bought this for my son when he was 8 months old . I had noticed that he would play with regular tags from his soft crib toys when he was trying to go to sleep . Boy this was an instant hit ! He fell in love with `` Taggie '' instantly . He goes to bed with Taggie every single night . The arches on the toy 's `` body '' are just the right size for his little hands . It makes soft jingle noises when moved . It has a bone that can be pulled to make the toy vibrate but my son does care for that feature . For some reason he likes to sniff the tags and actually prefers certain tags . Sounds a little weird but that 's how he likes it . Now he 's 3 1/2 years old . The love for Taggie is still going strong . I 'm just glad that he 's only inseparable with Taggie at bed time and not any other time during the day . Of course Taggie has gotten a little gross over time . According to manufacturer , you 're supposed to `` surface clean '' only . I do n't know how anyone expect `` surface clean '' to work , but I 've been tossing it into my washing machine . I have a front loader with super spinning speed . It 's been coming out clean , dry , and working as well as new . I do n't put it through the dryer though . So far this toy has been serving us really really well . No complaints what so ever . Just wish the price was lower so I could afford to buy them for all the babies I know . I rarely write any reviews , but I ca n't help it with this toy . I did n't actually buy it through Amazon , but I strongly feel that this was one of the best things I 've ever bought !
 This was the first toy that made my baby smile . Kinda funny since my husband and I are n't into dogs but this was a gift from an uncle . When we first gave it to my son , he was about 4 months old and his face lit up . He ignored it for a few months , but we left it in his crib . Now he plays with it every morning and has been since he was about 8 months old . We love hearing the chimes -LRB- `` come get me , Mom ! '' -RRB- on the doggie . He plays with the tags , too , like a lot of babies , and he chews on the nose . Lately , he crinkles and chews on the ears . I just ordered another cuz I 'm not sure how to wash this one and it 's starting to smell from all that chewing -LRB- and spitting up , I imagine ! -RRB- .
 I purchased this for my Grand Daughter whom puts any and all tags in her mouth . When I gave it to her as a gift she loved it for maybe a month after that she stopped putting and looking for taggies . Now I tell her where is your doggy and she gets her Shaggie Taggie .
 So CUUUUUUTE !!!!! My four year old still carries around the elephant taggie , that 's similar to this except it 's an elephant . So I wanted to get our new addition something similar so we bought this for her and LOVE , LOVE , LOVE IT !!!! SO CUUUUUUUTE !!!!!
 My baby seems to really like this . It 's cute and soft and a nice size .
 Love love love this toy ! My baby loves it . I even bought another because it is hard to find . It has crinkly ears and feet . It also had a bell in its head and the bone vibrates . It has all my baby 's favorite toys in one toy ! Plus it is covered in tags and my son loves tags . Best baby toy ever . It is also easy for him to hold .
 We got this as a gift when my son was born , and for the first few months of his life he did n't have much interest in it . But all of a sudden one day he started grabbing at it and chewing on the ears - they 're easy for him to reach and make a great crackling sound ! Now he 's always grabbing it , rubbing the tags , and of course drooling all over it , and at six months it has become the one toy that we put in the crib with him to get him to nap . We just ordered a second one so we can swap it out when the first one gets too drooly -LRB- also just in case it gets ruined or lost -RRB- !
 My six month old grand daughter loves to play with tags on everything so this toy is perfect with all the taggies and the vibrating bone makes it extra fun for her .
 My daughter will be 1 at the end of the month and loves to chew on things . This will be one of her birthday gifts . She 's very small for her age and hopefully she likes this . Most stuffed animals/baby dolls she wont play with much because they are too big . This one has plenty of ways for her to hold on to it and now I ca n't wait for her birthday so she can have it .
 My toddler has a blast rolling around and crawling through this tunnel on rainy days . And I love that it folds flat and can be stored away in seconds when visitors pop up and I have to clear the decks ! The screen windows are a nice addition for peek-a-boo games . Overall great product .
 My son and my nephew -LRB- both 2 years and some change -RRB- have had one of these each for about a year . They both occasionally pull it out and giggle hysterically at each other going in and out . How they play with it has changed as they have gotten older ... but it 's still a hit on a rainy day . It 's made well . Some people say it 's small ... but that 's if you as an adult are getting in it ... in that case ... yes . . it is too small . Leave the tunnel to the little ones .
 My one year old twins LOVE this tunnel ! They play peek a boo , love the mesh windows and really get their energy out when we play with this tunnel . I like it because it 's super durable , folds up easily and wipes clean nicely . I ca n't wait to get the other items it attaches too!With so many tunnels out there , it 's a tough choice . I 've really enjoyed this one .
 This was the # 1 gift hit at our 1-year old 's birthday party recently . I was pleasantly surprised by the quality . Really looks like it will stand up to YEARS of use . Folds up quickly and easily with 3 velcro loops . Great for indoor or outdoor play . My 3 year old and 1 year old both love the peek-a-boo windows too . Paired with a play tent from a different company and really happy with how the colors look together : Schylling Mega TentHighly recommend this tunnel
 I had checked out the tunnels that are made specifically for rabbits , but they seemed to be too small . So I bought this hoping it would work out for her , and she loves it . It is spacious and just the right size for her since she is a larger rabbit . We placed crunched up brown wrapping paper inside of it and she loves digging through it from one end to the other . She even likes pushing the tunnel around when she 's on the outside of it . In the mornings when we put our rabbit out in our enclosed sun room to run around , this is the first thing she runs to . I am really happy we bought this for her .
 I bought this for my 9 month old son when I noticed how much he loved playing with a box another Amazon item came in . As soon as we got it and popped it open , he IMMEDIATELY crawled through it , laughing the whole way ! His only issue with it is that he somehow thinks he should be able to poke his head through the mesh `` windows '' in the tube -- a testament to their durability is that he has n't yet , in spite of much trying . :-RRB- It is an awesome thing to play `` peekaboo '' in -- he finds it hilarious when I will crawl outside the tube from one end to the other while he sits inside.Because it packed up so nicely , we brought it along to a family reunion , which included my 11 month and 3 year old nephews and 1.5 year old niece . All 4 children loved it -- we even have some pictures of three kids trying to crawl through it at the same time . It was nice to see , since all his cousins are older , that we are going to get many years of use out of this play tube !
 My 3 kids have loved this tunnel for a year and a half . The youngest was 10mo when we bought it and giggled while crawling through and peeking out the windows . The oldest , now nearly 7 , still plays a lot with this toy . Besides a basic tunnel , it 's been a blanket fort entrance , stairwell slide , tornado -LRB- the middle kid ran around encased in the tunnel yelling `` tomato tomato '' trying to copy big sis -RRB- , scary monster , and obstacle course challenge , to name a few . Ha ha , it 's also a great hide-and-seek spot that a parent can even fit into ! Three kids have put the tunnel 's durability to the test and aside from some lint in the velcro , it 's held up great ! Speaking of velcro , that did get stuck to the mesh window once and left a mark , but I was pleased that it did n't rip a hole when I peeled it off . This tunnel encourages creative play and is made to withstand kid-style antics . It 's one of the best toys we own .
 I love this tunnel for many reasons . It 's sturdy and durable , takes a beating and bounces back very well , folds up and stores compactly , and has provided many , many hours of entertainment for my toddler son and other kids . Oh and no batteries required !!! We use it both indoors and outdoors and I highly recommend this to anyone considering this purchase . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Purchased for grandchild , we play in it all the time and she loves it , I like that we can fold it up and it has a see through screen so she does not get scared at all . Not sure how long it wil hold up but I am sure she will get her moneys worth . The only thing is it is so light that it rolls around when going through the tunnel . It 's the first thing she goes for !
 My 2 year old grandson loves this toy . He played in it for an hour hiding from us and shouting for us to try to find him . Any toy that can keep a 2 year old busy for that long is a good buy . I also like that it has a few mesh windows so that I can peek inside to see what he is doing .
 Both my 1yr old and 4yr old loved this ! The only downfall is that it does take up a good chunk of space .
 I 've had this product since my son was learning to crawl . I wanted to make it fun for him . This product has seen 2 years of wear and tear and so far the tunnel does n't even look worn yet ! My son -LRB- and his cousins -RRB- love the mesh windows where they can look out and press their little faces against them to look goofy . Yes , this tunnel is enjoyable for both kids and the parents . When my son was a little over a year , he enjoyed rolling balls through his tunnel and grabbing his blanket and making a cave of sorts . Totally worth the money . I love watching how his imagination can grow with such a simple product .
 My twins and their friends have so much fun playing in this tunnel . Also it is compact enough to take on vacation !
 I bought this for my two puppies last year . They are no longer `` puppies , '' but still love to play in it/sleep in it , as they are part-terrier .
 This tunnel was used in a toddler class that my grandson attended , so I would agree that it is indeed educational My grandson took to it right away as I 'm sure he recognized it from his class . Not only did he love it but so did the other kids who were at his birthday party . Now his two pet dogs love it too !
 Got this for my son when he was just starting to crawl - he 's 6 and he still loves using it for things . Not a single tear , rip , frayed seam , nothing . This has stood the test of time .
 My grandson loves to crawl in and under and around . This is so nice because we can bring it out for play , then put it away in a small space .
 We purchased this as a christmas present for our one year old . He loves it . His much older brother enjoys playing in it too . It seems rather sturdy , you do need a bit of space to use it . Taking the the time to bundle it to put it away can be a hassle . Bought it so we could buy a tent at later time .
 I bought the ` Pacific Play Tents See Me Tunnel ' for my grandsons , ages 1 and 3 . They love it ! For now they are playing with it in the house , but when the weather warms it will make a great portable outside toy . It folds flat and is easy to store . I 'm glad I found it .
 I got this for my son 's first birthday and it has been a big hit ! The bigger kids enjoy it , too . Perfect gift for a 1-year-old !
 This is a terrific toy for children of all ages . My daughter is one year old and she absolutely loves it . We play peek-a-boo , hide-and-go-seek , and an endless amout of other games . We bring it every where we go , to friends and family 's home where she does n't have toys to play with . It 's easy to fold up , it folds up so it takes a minimal amount of room . Where every we take it , it 's a hit . Everyone asks how we got the idea to buy this , how much it costs , and where we purchased it . Every child should have one ! Even hour 60 pound siberian husky goes through it to play with our daughter . We 've had about 6 months now and we still use it a lot . My daughter 's 3 year old cousin also enjoys it as much as she .
 My kids ages 2 1/2 and 18 months LOVE this tunnel . We got it for the kids for Christmas and keep it put away and bring it out about 3X a week in the evenings when we have had a slow day and the kids did n't get any energy out . They go CRAZY , they play and run and scream and crack up ! My husband drags them through the house super fast and they sit in it and laugh their butts off . You can play peek a boo , or roll balls through it , the possibilities are endless!It 's by far the BEST gift . The kids do n't fight over it , no one gets hurt , it does n't break , it 's SO cool ! It folds in no time and folds so small , it does n't take up any room . BUY THIS !!!
 My 9 year old daughter and my 10 month old son had a ball with this . They laughed giggled and played for hours . It was nice to see them both enjoy the same activity together .
 My daughter is 1yrs old and this is her absolutely favorite toy ! She spends endless hours day in and day out in it . Her 7yr old Aunt plays with her in it everytime she comes over too . It folds up and expands with in seconds . It really is a MUST HAVE toy for any toddler !! We are even buying a second tunnel to attach them together for her 2nd birthday . My advice
 It 's amazing how something so simple can spark excitement and enthusiasm in babies and toddlers . A friend had this out at her 1-year-old 's party and all of the kids loved playing in it and carrying it around as if it were a long train . My 8.5 month old watched all the other kids crawling through and having so much fun that he crawled over and peered down the tunnel . I thought he 'd be too scared to go through , but since he seemed curious I decided to sit him up on one side while I ran to the other and spoke to him . Instantly , he smiled at me and started crawling toward me through the tunnel . He was laughing and seemed to enjoy the interesting view and sensation of going through the tunnel . Since he 's still working on his crawling and seemed to love the tunnel so much , I bought one from our local Toys R Us store and he loves playing with it!What 's great : - Folds up to a compact ring for storage/travel - approximately 19 '' diameter -LRB- size of the tunnel -RRB- and 2-3 inches thick . - See through windows allow for added fun/peek-a-boo - Velcro tabs to connect to tents and other tunnels gives added flexibility to how it can be used - Encourages crawling/floor time in babies - my little guy also likes to sit up and look around in it , or just lie around and rock in it -LRB- since it 's free-standing -RRB- . Considering that he 's just discovered standing and and ca n't seem to get enough of pulling himself up on everything , it 's a good way to keep encouraging him to strengthen his crawling/sitting skills.Durability : - It seems relatively sturdy , and really `` pops '' open nicely . Do n't know how it will stand up in the long-term . - Be careful with the velcro on the mesh windows - it can stick to the windows and snag it a bit . - At my friend 's party , I did notice that the older kids -LRB- 3-4 years old -RRB- really wanted to jump on it and smush the walls - not a good idea in case there are kids still crawling through the tunnel and/or because the tunnel walls are not meant to withstand that kind of play , but from their point of view , I can see how tempting it may be to jump on it and see the tunnel pop back up .
 Not exactly sure why the recommended age is over 3 years old . My son is 10 months old and as long as your child is playing with the tunnel under supervision there is no reason that they can not use this product sooner . Love the fact that it slinks up so compact when not in use and for travel . My son will play peek-a-boo and then crawl through the tunnel to come get me on the other side . He can also sit up inside the tunnel without a problem being that he is still younger . He did get mad however , at the fact that he tried to stand up inside the tunnel and could not , guess we will have to get him the tent that attches . Which brings on another good point , this product can be fit to many other products for increased fun -LRB- tent , another tunnel , etc. -RRB- . Leads itself to many options . Would recommend .
 I did n't think that kids would actually like this . It seemed like such a stupid toy.Yet I took my kids to playgroup and a group of 10 3 and 4 year olds spent over and hour crawling through it . -LRB- I think they were playing rescue mission or something -RRB- . Then they kept asking for it every day after that ! Go figure .
 Our daughter loved playing in the box from her Toddler Carseat so we thought this would be something she could enjoy too ... and not EAT like she started doing with the cardboard box ! It was a winner ! On her One year birthday we gave it to her and she crawled right thru it instantly ! She giggled and squealed from end to end of the tunnel as we would `` chase '' her thru the opposite end . SO MUCH FUN for her and both her Dad and I !!! We live in a townhouse , space is limited and having this tunnel that expands to 6 feet long is great for her to play with but quickly becomes a hassel to get around . It collapses and we store it in the closet but it becomes so flat you could put it nearly anywhere - behind the couch or under the bed.Also , it has the velcrow on the ends so you can buy the other matching parts to make it larger , like the `` House tent '' or andother play tunnel . You can even buy the tunnel and house tent together , or separately like we did.This is such a grand toy and VERY VERY well made ! I love that it has the two screen windows sewn into each end you can look in/out and help ventilate it . I HIGHLY recommend this toy !!!!
 I gave this to my nephew for his first birthday and he and my other nephew -LRB- 4 years old -RRB- love it ! It was a huge hit and their favorite gift . I like it because it gives them hours of play and it folds up and can easily be stored .
 My four year old daughter loves this tunnel . She likes that she can look out the two windows also . I love that you can fold it up into a 2 '' circle and put it away .
 My 15 month twins love this tunnel . They giggle and chase each other in it every day . Definately would recommend this toy .
 My 11 month old enjoys this tunnel . But enjoys more when has a buddy to play with . So purchase if your child has a sibling or a playmate to chase in the tunnel !
 Great `` toy '' ... probably the best part for us adults is the size that it folds down to when not in use . Easy to store just about anywhere or take with you . Our 14 month old was a little unsure about it at first , but once whe threw a couple of her toys in the middle of the tunnel and she had to go in to get them , she really loves it . When she gets older , we 'll likely buy another tunnel and/or the tent that connects to the end.As a heads-up ... open the box and the tunnel and let it air out outside for a couple of hours before use . There is a strong plastic smell when initially opened . No big deal , only present b/c of the materials used .
 It is sturdy - the 2 little grandsons love peeking out the netting or have us peek in at them ! Folds up nicely for storage
 Nice toy , but the chemical smell is overwhelming . I would strongly suggest that a buyer find a place to air it out for a few days , preferably outside , before exposing your children -LRB- or you -RRB- to those fumes . They ca n't be good for man or beast.Pacific Play Tents See Me 6 ' Tunnel
 I purchased this play tunnel six years ago , when my first child was a toddler . He absolutely loved it . Fast forward six years and it is now the favorite toy of my third child . In fact , all three of my kids STILL love this tunnel . It has held up incredibly well after hundreds of hours of use . Best purchase I have ever made for my kids !
 my boys , ages 4 and 18 months LOVE this tunnel . Great for days when you ca n't go outside . Fairly sturdy material , and the windows are great for peeking and keeping track of smaller kids .
 This tunnel folds up neatly and can be toted for the kids to play with in the park or anywhere you have a few square feet . Great classic toy .
 I bought this for a puppy , but would recommend it for children as well . Nice solid construction , good quality fabric . The peep holes of mesh fabric are nice for little one 's security . The steel rims are not well padded however and could really hurt one 's knees .
 The giggles never stop . She never get tired of playing in and on it . She thinks it makes a great drum . Good thing it is very sturdy.It easily collapses for storage .
 Wow my 1 year old twins love it ! Even my wife and I have crawled through it -LRB- just barely -RRB- . I have also taken a large appliance box , made a round hole in it , and connected this tunnel . A definite must have accessory for boxes as toys . Tunnel is of nice quality . I will say I was at Costco this weekend and picked up a different brand set this weekend that included two four foot tunnels and a tent for about thirty bucks . A better deal for sure , but I do n't regret buying this longer tunnel .
 I Like this tunnel because the inner wire is padded and protects my boys knees . It also folds up for easy storage . The length is perfect for our family room space .
 My 18 month old daughter received this toy as a gift & loves it . Her little friend came over for a play date & loved playing with it too so I purchased it for him for Christmas this year . Another friends child who will be 4 loved playing with this toy also . It 's a toy that will last a while & children will not get bored with . It 's also great because it can be used indoors or outdoors , collapses down to about an inch or two for storage & can be connected to multiple tunnels or tents for extended fun .
 My son is 16 mo old & loves this tunnel . We bought the tent that goes with it & he goes from one to the other easily . It is very sturdy , but flexible enough if he bounces on it from the outside that it gives without tearing .
 Both my 5 and 1 year old love this tunnel . It is a favorite for visiting children as well .
 This particular tunnel is used at my local library during children 's story/play time . All of the children rush to play in it which is why I purchased this one for my child . If your child is younger , a brighter color might be more inviting than the dark blue one but overall , they are sturdy and easy to use . It shipped quickly and matches the product description/photo online .
 My Grandson just turned 1 yr old . We got the tunnel out , he crawled right through it . Loved it , was not afraid at all.We will be looking into connecting another tunnel to it the next chance we get .
 My 17 month old son was scared to death of this tunnel . So is one of the dogs . My wife and I like it . Our boy likes to throw his toy balls into it for me to fetch . The dogs do n't understand that the screen-fabric `` windows '' are in fact not escape portals . It took time for son to come to love it . But for a while , it sat stored very compactly and unobtrusively.Collapsed / compressed / stowed into the shape of a small hula-hoop , I had the dogs jump through it like trained circus animals . To our son , that looked like fun , so he `` jumped '' -LRB- awkwardly stepped -RRB- through a few times.Then we un-did two of the three velcro straps that are used to bind it into a flat shape , and the tunnel partially opened into a half-round , like a macaroni noodle . A dog walked in , and our son was satisfied he could see both ends of the dog depending on what opening he looked through . So he went a few times.Then we opened it up fully , and after mom crawled through he took a few minutes and warmed up to it . What a great way to wear out the little guy before getting ready for bed in the evening . Over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over he crawled through.It turns out the tunnel is quite the interactive parent-toddler play device . Throw a ball in . Stick your face upside down on one end . `` Twist '' the other end upward so your kid has to pop up as if in a rabbit hole . My wife and I are both constantly amazed how many miles this tunnel logs , but , come to think of it , I remember vividly logging similar miles in my tunnel as a pre-schooler and kindergartener , even without the parent involvement.And , again , the best feature is that is quickly compresses down to nothing and stores out of the way when play time is over .
 All of the kids who come to my house love this toy , from the time they can crawl until they 're at least 10 -- but only in short bursts , so it 's a good thing that it compresses down nicely so it is n't always in the middle of everything . I wish I would 've bought a unit with a little tent attached to the end of the tunnel , but I 'm sure I can buy one . It 's fun for adults too , especially when they get stuck and you get to laugh at them
 My 14 month old loves the tunnel . She thinks it is fun to play peek-a-boo with the mesh windows in the tunnel , roll balls through it , & play . And it makes me very happy to flatten it and put under our tv stand when bedtime comes so that it is not another huge toy to take up living room space .
 We purchased this tunnel to use for our dogs , not the kids . Since we compete in dog agility trials , we wanted something to use at home for training purposes . This tunnel matches exactly with one we got at a toy store 2 years ago that we wanted to make longer . Durability with dogs running through it has not been a problem . We are happy with the product and the price .
 Bought this in combo with the very large play tent -LRB- can not remember the exact product name , but it is also Pacific Play brand -RRB- . This was part of a birthday present for our turning 3 son . He loves to climb into the tunnel to get into his tent . It is very durable and just pops open . The tent and this tunnel are his hideaway now and even his nap place -LRB- in the tent , not the tunnel :--RRB- . He is very active and this stands up very well . Recommend this highly !!!
 was given to a friend 's little boy -- He LOVES the set and will use them on Valentines Day !
 Loved our Garden Gift Set , it was bought for my year old niece and it is just so pretty , exactly like thepicture ...
 Help your child understand the most basic how-it-works principles of chemical batteries.This kit is all-in-one , easy to use , and great fun . - Any - child can put this together using the enclosed directions . It 's up to the parent or teacher , however , to provide a solid explanation of the chemistry . Younger kids should receive adult monitoring to make sure they do n't poke themselves with the stand , which has a sharp pointed tip -LRB- and comes with instructions -- yikes ! -- to `` stab '' the fruit onto the spike -RRB- . Adults may need to troubleshoot a bit as the initial spacing of the electrodes may take some trial and error -- however , this trouble-shooting is itself a valuable and satisfying exercise -LRB- in `` why ? '' and `` why not ? '' -RRB- for young scientists.Even for kids who do n't receive instruction in the principles behind the clock 's operation , this kit will be an awesome novelty that will help them learn how to assemble simple apparatus following a schematic . With instruction , this kit illustrates how chemical batteries work , and can serve as a focus from which to launch toward discussions of chemistry , physics , electromagnetism.By the way , the visual display is quite durable , and can easily be read from across the room . Display can show hour , minutes , seconds , month , and date . In practical terms , it keeps time as reliably as our automated sky-scanning electronic gizmo . We 've replaced used-up , desiccated fruit twice already during several months of use , and everything is still working just fine.Kit includes zinc and copper electrodes , wire frame , and digital clock display.This is an elegantly simple gem . Surprisingly effective , durable , fun , and educational . Well worthwhile . For ages perhaps 6 years and up .
 This was quite a popular gift on Christmas morning . I got it for my four year old nephew . He loved it ! His brothers and sisters really liked it too -LRB- all older -RRB- . Nice quality and packaging .
 The Comanche packs a punch . It is a good-looking and reliable multi-stage modroc . It is simple to build , even by a novice.It 's major WOW !! feature is the ability to mount a D12-0 as the first stage booster . There are two caveats worth mentioning :1 -RRB- Try to avoid an A6-0 booster as the first stage , as it may kick back onto spectators when the second stage lights . The A6 booster engine burns out roughly fifteen feet off the pad , and it can fly right back into your face . The A6 booster is better in the second stage .2 -RRB- If you dare try for a high-altitude shot with a D12-0 followed by a C6 booster , then to a C6-7 , I defy you to track and find the second stage booster . Be prepared to build several second stages , as you 'll likely lose them.This kit will provide you with hours of fun . I 'll leave it your sense of priorities how much time you want to spend scouring the ground looking for second stages . Also bear in mind that a D-boosted three-stage flight could set you back nearly $ 10.00 a shot.It goes without saying that the Comanche makes a spectacular two-stager , especially when D-boosted . The ship will eventually be a two-stager - you 're gon na lose the second booster .
 I 've flown the commanche 3 at least 10 times with all three stages and never had a dud ; there 's not a more impressive launch without getting into the big -LRB- F and beyond -RRB- engines . This kit is relatively simple and rewards precision craft - a very engaging technical project . Be sure to have spotters when you launch - the 2nd stage is almost impossible to find otherwise .
 Great fun rocket that goes way up . Make sure you 've got lots of clearance -LRB- from trees -RRB- and no wind or this baby will be stuck in a tree -LRB- even with only streamers as a recovery mechanism -RRB- . Lost this one on my first launch in 25 years . Just the main stage of this rocket on a clear day with a c-motor and it still goes way up . Had lots of clearance from trees , but it caught a thermal and went in a tree . Still a fun rocket so I bought another and ca n't wait to launch all 3 stages with c and d-motors ; I 'll probably lose another one .
 The kit lends itself to an incredible amount of variations . While building this kit forever , I do not know if one was ever completed strictly according to the directions . As I said the variations are endless . You can double wall the payload section , oh there is no payload section on the original . You can space out the first and second stages with the Stine method . Add an altimeter to know how high it went . Analyze the data and see the Delta-v when a different engine burns ! Calculate the Max Q , or maximum dynamic pressure , just like when we had a space program . In any case test your rocket for stability , paint the rocket brightly with good contrast to the background , and put an address label on the outside . A beeper or strobe is also useful in location and I have lost several of these . Use a wide open space for the launch . Use only one or two stages and small engines , if you have a smaller launch area , are testing the strength of the airframe , or want to see the stage separation . Fly safe , adhere to the NAR rules !
 While the Comanche is an interesting rocket , the biggest attraction to this kit is that it 's a perfect starting point to `` clone '' an Estes Condor . -LRB- The single glider version . -RRB- The main body tube and nose cone are the exact pieces that you would have received in a Condor kit if this was 1978 . That said , the Comanche is a neat rocket when it works right , but I 've seen a lot of them built and very few work the way they 're supposed to . Getting two stages to light is n't exactly easy . Getting three is quite a challenge .
 It was pretty coo I guess . Not as coo as me , but still pretty coo nontheless , I would buy it again
 I do n't know what people were expecting from this . This is a high-end tarp , and it does what a tarp does . It keeps out leaves , sticks and the neighborhood cats . Water does collect on the tarp , and often , when you pull it off , the water dumps into the sandbox . But water is n't a problem , since it sinks into the sand -LRB- and kids like the sand wet -RRB- . The problem is all the yard debris that gets onto the sand if you do n't have a cover . And for protecting the sandbox from nature 's debris , this tarp does a great job . It stays securely on and does n't blow off . I 've been very happy with ours . After six years of being outdoors all through our New England winter , it has worn out -LRB- ripped , faded , gotten a bit mildewy -RRB- . I 'm replacing it with the same thing . People who really do n't want water to collect should buy a hard plastic cover .
 I bought this puzzle for my classroom of 4th through 6th graders . I received a puzzle like this when I was 11 years old , and was one of the few kids who really knew the USA ! My students have that reputation as well . When most schools teach NOTHING about the states or their relation with each other -LRB- I know , none of my own children learned anything about this in school . -RRB- , a child who plays with this puzzle will learn their USA having fun . It is the only US puzzle , to my knowledge , that has all the states cut individually . Most puzzles clump the small New England states together , which does a disservice to the children .
 I ordered this for my granddaughter who is learning the different states . It is a durable toy and will last through many grandchildren .
 My 3 year old plays with this daily . It is great for developing his building skills . The small metal Thomas engines are slightly more narrow than these tracks , but my son still manages to push them around the track . A few of the wood pegs at the ends of the tracks have needed to be glued back in , but the cars and trains have held up to much abuse . The bridge and the supports topple quite easily and needs a parent to put it back together . This could be solved by gluing the separate pieces together -LRB- which I think I will go do now -RRB- . All in all I would recommend .
 Bought this a couple of years ago for my grandson and he loves it . Enjoys making believe and building roadways ~
 My son was only 4 when we gave him this as a Christmas gift . Because I did n't want to pick up the pieces everyday , I nailed it to a plywood base and glued on most of the accessories . Some of the pieces split too easily , and some of the accessories broke a little sooner than I would have expected . But his love of trains has only grown and this is definitely still one of his favorite toys .
 cant wait to open and assemble it . . the parts are all real wood . . which gives it a very nice touch . .
 I purchased this for a Santa gift for a public school kid . I opened the box to be sure it was in good condition . It is a cute little toy guitar , very lightweight and easily managed by a child . The tuning pegs need to be tightened in order to tune the guitar . Once I tuned it , it sounded pretty good but hard for an adult 's fingers . It is real wood and these are real guitar strings , and includes accessories . I only wish I could see this little girl 's face when she opens the gift from Santa ! The price is right for a functioning guitar for a little kid to start off with .
 My son is obsessed with trains . We have tried both `` Thomas '' branded track and `` BRIO '' track , The Brio track has consistently higher quality and durability . It is simply made with care from very high quality of wood . Likewise , the paint finishes of BRIO trains are much more durable than those of the Thomas trains ... and they are lead paint free!The Richard Scary set is fun and ties in with the popular Scarry books.We have been very pleased with our BRIO trains and will be keeping them around for the next generation to enjoy .
 I got this to replace the fort my LO -LRB- 13-mo -RRB- created under a table I had temporarily setup for a party . She loved peeking out from under the tablecloths and taking toys under there to play.PRODUCT DETAILSThe product I received is as pictured expect that the `` corner pockets '' on mine are black rather than the red shown in the product picture.When I first opened the product I was concerned with the smell . After putting it together I let it air out a bit outdoors.There are -LRB- 2 -RRB- side windows
 I purchased this pacific play tente hide me tent & Tunnel combo for my son for a christmas present i was very pleased at the price ant the rapid free shipping -LRB- thank you amazon this is why your one of my first choices fo orders online -RRB- the first time we set up the tent was on christmas day for my 2 year old son and 6 yeay old daughter within an hour of play the stiching on the tunnel that holds the spring to the tunnel fabric came loose and exposed the metal spring resulting in my wife having to get out the sewing kit and repair it other than that problem it has been a wonderfull toy for our kids they really enjoy playing in it and after all thats what its all about when buying a toy ...
 Bought this for my 20month old son and he loves it . My 6 yr old son also loves it and it is fun to watch them play together . When my 6 yr old is at school I have sat inside the tent with my little one . I am not very big , but it is a great size The tube fits into the circular opening . The doors Velcro shut and tie back if you want to leave them open . It is very durable nylon and there is mesh on either side of the top for good ventilation . I would highly recommend it .
 Grandson was crawling when this was given to him as a gift and what fun he has had with it over the past 5 months ! He loves to hang out in the tent and have his dad read him books , he loves to play hide-n-seek with grandma and we all ca n't wait to see him and his brother play with this over the years ! It is going to last a long time -- great quality ! Is inside right now because we live in Northern Minnesota but there are plans for a overnight in the yard with this sometime this summer !
 I bought one of these for each of my grandkids for christmas . They are 19 & 20 months old and they are having a blast with them . They love hide and seek games and they make it so fun . I also feel they are getting some good exercise they would n't be getting this time of year because of the cold weather . So far they seam to be holding up well and they were easy to put up .
 My 4 year old niece has had hours of fun with this tent . Great value and takes a few minutes to assemble
 Both my 1 and 6 year old enjoy this toy very much !! Very glad that I purchased it !
 our kids love the tent and the tunnel . they would sleep in it if they wanted . we have bought more to give as gifts to friends . tunnel fold down flat and tent folds up nicely . super easy to put together . fabulous !
 I currently own three of these lightsabers by Master Replicas
 First off , I do have to agree that this fx saber does not glow as bright as the others , nor does it have the same rich purple color as seen in the movies . Despite those -LRB- minor -RRB- complaints , this lightsaber is as cool as any . Though I 'm in love with Anakin 's hilt design -LRB- because of its classic star wars look -RRB- ... I do n't think any lightsaber touches Mace Windu 's . It is extremely elegant and perfectly fits a Master Jedi who has been in the game for a long time . As a collector , I 'm glad to have this beautiful item standing with the rest of my lightsabers .
 when i bought that lightsaber , i thought i will only buy one saber , but when i get that , i think buying all sabers will be the most perfect thing , the colour of the saber is perfect i must say , but a little bit not good in sunshine , durability is very good , and the saber 's outer goldseem view maskes yu really feel like a different jedi , but the sound are somewhat poor , according to the other sabers , but this weapon makes me buy all the replicas i must say , have fun , and may the force be with yu !!!
 Mace Windu 's legendary lightsaber was unique due to its purple crystals/blade . Subsequently , one of the first Force FX sabers I sought out from Master Replicas was this one . The appearance of the elegant hilt did not disappoint . Being one of the older Force FX sabers , it is slightly heavier/bulkier than the newer ones , and it takes 6 AA batteries instead of 3 AA or 3 AAA as the newer ones do . And unlike the typical blue , green or red Force FX lightsabers , the color is not as striking because they did not use purple LED lights . Perhaps in the future , a newer model , sleeker , lighter , brighter , with purple LEDs will be made ... The sound effects are adequate , perhaps not as sharp/crisp as the newer sabers . The polycarbonate blade is sturdy , good enough for light-duty dueling . Nevertheless , this is one of the more unique designs -LRB- Master Replicas has often been chided for coming out with sabers that are too similar in design -RRB- , and the entire line of Force FX sabers does not really disappoint . For Star Wars fans , a Force FX saber is a must for your inner Jedi ...
 thank todo los relacionado con este articulo esta muy bueno hasta la manera de entregarlo todo a tiempo espero poder compra mas
 These replica light sabres are great ! I bought this one in 2007 for myself , but now my 7 year old son is playing with it -LRB- as of Feb 2012 -RRB- and enjoying its effects . - The LEDs have a very dramatic effect -LRB- especially in dark rooms -RRB- , and the sound effects are superb . While the LEDs are bright enough to see in a well lit room , it is truly a toy that needs to be used in darker rooms or at night . - When dueling with two of these -LRB- NO , I am not one of those insane Star Wars fans who never open the box or play rough with them -RRB- , the light sabres react with sound effects to the hard clashes against each other -LRB- as well as furniture , floor , and people -RRB- . - The weight of the light sabre -LRB- given the metal hilt and 6x AA batteries -RRB- makes this toy even more fun to duel with others . Its not too heavy , but it is heavy enough to make it feel `` uncheap '' and nearly unbreakable . I will comment on the LEDs , however . Too much hard hitting against inanimate objects will cause LEDs to break and not work ; this has a degrading effect on how cool it looks lit up int eh dark.Definitely a must have . While the $ 10 plastic cone light sabres from Wallyworld are cheap , these replica light sabres will prove to be worth it from a durability and awesome effects perspective .
 It 's more fragile than the cheap kind , being glass , but it is a real replica and though he 's 15 now and does n't play w / it anymore , my son used to take it everywhere .
 Bought this for my son , concerned that it would be too fragile to play with . It is worth every dime , and so realistic . Love the sounds ; just like the movie , and when you turn it off and on , the light comes out as though it extends , just like in the movies . You can battle and hit it pretty hard , just not as crazy as the cheap plastic ones .
 I bought it for my 10 year old son 's birthday . Out of all the FX lightsabers , he picked Mace Windu for that cool purple blade . I was worried about it 's luminescence compared to the red or blue but , it 's really pretty cool . He loves it .
 unlike most people , i see this as saber as alot better then the othersive seen so far.as far as edjucational goes , if you see it in the right perspective < teaching how light affects perspective > its by far the best one.the greenishblue illusion of an outter color is nice , and its motion sensor is perfect.it must make , if you really pay attention about 8 duel noises < the vader makes 4 at best , and they all are so similar most people hear it as only one > . did i mention best handle < well least til they make a friggin count duku < mind my spelling ;] > one
 I bought this `` toy '' as a Christmas present for my 11 years old son , and I think that it is of excellent quality . My son still plays with it and it really looks and sound like a real light saber from the movies !
 I 've been using the stick on league and like it . It 's a good stick . Just needs a better player .
 excellent cue stick very well made and has a nice feel to it . I got the 20oz . so weight is perfect for me and i think helps a lot with the stability of the shot . if you prefer lighter you can adjust it , just pop of the bumper on the butt and 3 metal screw-in bolts can be configured for weight preference . the design for me is good . . not too flashy it has a classic diamond theme into it and was a bit disappointed with the metallic orange color that I got since I was probably expecting a more intense orange , no biggie . lastly , if you can manage to CAREFULLY peel of the stickers with short fingernails . . the remaining residue can be easily removed with some 70 % isopropyl rubbing alcohol and microfiber cloth -LRB- the one used in cleaning car exteriors -RRB- and gently apply pressure while rubbing .
 bought this as a father days gift for my husband and he absolutely loved it . everything we thought it would be .
 Nice cue at a very nice price ! I also have a Cuetec graphite shaft cue and they are very similar quality wise .
 For the price , this is a very nice cue . The graphite on makes it very smooth through your bridge hand .
 I really was n't sure how to pick a good -LRB- not necessarily a professional -RRB- cue stick = but after reading a lot of reviews and doing comparisons - I decided on this one . When my husband received it - he was excited ! He loves the look , the feel and handling and has shot about 20 games with it and is still impressed.I 'm sure there are more expensive cues out there that are better = but ... he 's happy with this one . He wanted his &#34; own &#34; cue and he loved the charcoal color.There were comments about the stickers - we only had 2 small ones to remove . There were also comments about the weight ... in the handle there are removable weights so the overall weight of the stick can be changed - have n't seen a need to do that yet . Overall a winner ! -LRB- although I 'm not allowed to use it ... -RRB-
 i love this pool cue grate balece and weight -LRB- 20 oz -RRB- the only thing that i did not relize was the tip was not a scrue on but a glue on one no biggie just going to be a job putting a new one on when the time come just to warn futer buyers the pacakageing for shiping is not the best big box lots of room to move dent and scratch the cue and i would sujest to not bundle it with other things for cheeper shipping because they do not put anything in the box to seperate the items more chances for denting and scratching the cue
 I purchased the Metallic Silver stick , and I love it so much , I 'm about to purchase the Burgandy model as well . How much do I love it ? I have to fight for it in my own house!While playing some games recently , several friends were over and were all using the cue sticks from my collection . Several of them are the fancy `` name brand expensive high end '' models you find online and in billiard halls , behind the counters locked up . After a few hours of letting them try my stick out -LRB- everyone loved the grey which is why they wanted to try -RRB- , they fell in love with it.They loved how it felt , how clean the shooting was with it , and how perfectly straight it rolled . Keep in mind the cues they were using were straight as an arrow as well , nothing wrong with them . They kept swearing something about this stick made the game better for them . Asking for it back was n't working , I had to beg for it back . Needless to say , that speaks a lot about this cue , more than I could say in a simple review.Some reviewers noted they expected a rubberized grip but did n't get one . I would say you would n't want a rubberized grip because over time it will wear out , and you do n't want rubber bits on your hand while playing billiards , nor do you want the handle to get messed up . On that note , I would n't say the handle is rubberized , but it has some sort of texture to it which provides a confident grip , regardless of how you stroke the cue . For me , I three finger and pivot , and this cue handle works well for that . No fear of slipping or having my grip change alignment.Whether you 're new to the sport , an average player , or on a pro level , you 'll enjoy this stick.Unlike some fellow reviewers , I did not have any issue removing the stickers . I did n't find them overwhelming in number either , there were like 3 stickers , and they all came off without issue with no residue left behind . If any residue is left behind , you can simply wipe it off.PROS : * Graphite composition means it 's highly resistant to damage/warping over time * The tip is really nice ! It 's a nickle tip for anyone curious , took about 10 games to `` break in '' * It rolls straight and sharp as a razor , probably the straightest cue under $ 200 I 've seen * Stick and shot control is VERY predictable with this stick , feels better than wood variants * The `` sanded '' shaft feel is great and does n't appear to be wearing away like wood variants * Simple , clean color * Great value , for the price you pay you get a great product ~ ~ ~ ~ Update 2012/10/29 ~ ~ ~ ~ I have about 35-40 games in on the current cue , still loving it!I just received my second one , this time I ordered the burgandy . Like the first , it was easy to open , assemble and peel the stickers off of . Also like the first , it 's the straightest rolling cue under $ 200 I 've ever seen ! Awesome !
 Bought for my wife and she really likes it . Packaged well and looks as described . Quality seems pretty good too . We 'll see how well it does with some use .
 I received my cue stick by UPS in the time frame indicated by Amazon . It arrived well wrapped in plastic bag and protected by an additional plastic covering . The box was perfect size . I have yet to use the cue , but I certainly give high marks to the seller . The stick is STRAIGHT ! That certainly ca n't be said for some of the wooden sticks my son has . I am excited to play with my new STRAIGHT cue stick !
 Exactly as described , very straight , plays well . A little heavy on the butt end , but other than that much better than the general one piece cues available at the pool hall ...
 Overall , I 'm quite happy with the purchase , I was a little hesitant when I read the reviews about the stickers leaving too much residue once removed and all , but I had no problem removing them , I did not use any products as some reviews recommend I was only careful when doing it , the weight of the cue is excellent , it gives you a very balanced feel when playing , the design of the cue is very elegant , even though it is a little hard to look at the details of it on the product images , the reasons why I 'm not giving it the 5 stars are 1 - As some other reviews mention , the `` GRAPHITE '' word seems a little out of place and 2 - The cue comes with instructions as to how to adjust the weight settings , but it is not that easy I think they 're for a different model , I rather not mess with that because I might end up damaging the cue and as I mentioned before the weight it has is more than ok for me . But overall it was a great purchase I recommend it .
 my hubby absolutly loved this stick , i was lost when i ordered it not knowing what ounce to get , color or nothing but i guessed my way through it and am sooo happy that he loved it . . also very affordable
 I just used this cue for the first time last night and gave it a good workout -LRB- 14 racks of 8-Ball -RRB- . I 've played pool on and off for 12 years , but this was my first time not using a house cue since I just joined a league . Wow , what a difference ! It took me about 2-3 racks to get the feel of it and then everything clicked into place and I played the rest of the night at the absolute top of my game . It thrills me to know that this cue will now be a constant for me . So if you are an amateur looking to buy your first cue , this is definitely it . If you are a professional , I ca n't guess how you 'll feel about this cue , but I can tell you that the grips are sweet , the tip is perfect , and the cue is exactly straight . What else do you really need , anyway ? I got the 19oz in blue . By the way , all this talk about hard-to-remove stickers seems to be related to one stupid tiny round sticker behind the grip almost on the butt of the cue . It says `` 19 ounces made in China '' . Who cares ? I figured why chance a sticky spot and I just left it on there . All of the big stickers that advertise features or would get in the way of playing came off easily with no residue at all .
 Decent stick , I got the 20 oz metallic silver one , which is actually more of a gray or charcoal in my opinion , but no big deal . My issues were the same with the stickers as other reviews above and I kind of wish I could get rid of the big `` GRAPHITE '' graphic that 's on it , and the packaging -LRB- I bought this item at the same time as a case for the cue -RRB- was in a box about 4x larger than it needed to be that arrived from UPS open . I left packaging feedback recommending next time using a shipping tube to send it . When I took out the cue though and removed all the wrapping , the cue was fine even though it practically fell out of the box . I have played about 40-50 games with it now , and I do like the feel of it , including balance , weight , solidness , and the way it glides through my bridge hand -LRB- I think that 's the graphite talking - probably wo n't ever need hand chalk -RRB- , and it 's straight as an arrow too . It does have a funny taper to it just after the joint on the tip end , and I did think the grip would be a little different , like maybe rubberized or something -LRB- seems more like paper wrapped around it instead -RRB- , but it 's fine overall . If you 're a pro looking for perfection , be prepared to spend $ 200 minimum , and up to $ 500 or even more , but this cue will be just fine for anyone on the amateur to lower-mid level . I mostly just play in bars and small time tournaments , and it definitely beats any bar 's house cue I 've ever used .
 I recently bought this cue at Dunham 's and I also bought a case for it but used the 20 % off coupons they usually give out so the price was right.I 'm a good pool player but casual and like other people who wrote reviews I wanted equipment that is mine , similar to the darts I own , so I can play a consistent game.I do not break with this stick on the advice of my father who is a great pool player but I 'm sure it would n't hurt it . The extra weight gives me more time to concentrate on my shot rather than the power I 'm putting behind it which is a big plus . My favorite thing about it , though , is the slick surface at the front of the stick . There is nothing I hate worse then my hand getting a little perspiration which in turn sticks to the cue and effects my shot . This cue eliminates that.Great cue . I do n't see myself having to buy another one in the foreseeable future .
 For an amateur pool player , this cue is perfect . It has a nice feel and balance to it and the grip is good too . Does n't come with a carrying case , so keep that in mind if you 're planning on taking it places to play .
 After my last expensive Huebler cue developed a warped shaft despite all my care I decided never to spend on an expensive cue again . I saw this graphite shaft cue and decided to grab one . Overall it 's a nice cue . I like the graphite shaft as it 's practically care free . I can let friends use my cue now without stressing about them dropping it and dinging the shaft -LRB- I hang with a few drunken idiots -RRB- . This does the job . It 's solid and balanced - hits well . I like the way it looks and I 'm over trying to impress people with an expensive cue .
 I was tired of using random sticks and having that variable in my game . I 'm not the greatest pool player but using random busted sticks at different places was n't helping anything . I purchased this stick to eliminate one of those variables and it certainly has helped quite a bit!One part of this stick I enjoy a lot is the different textures it has . From the smooth soft texture starting from the tip going about 2 feet down which helps the stick slide smoothly when there is no chalk for your hands at the tables . Then the black textured grip . Followed by the glossy coat covering the rest of the stick.The only reason i did n't rate this stick 5 stars is because when i received it in the mail there were two small dents in the stick .
 This cue stick has improved my game dramatically by keeping one more variable constant . When I would play one pool game location to the next , I would end up with a rental cue and sometimes it would throw off my game . I am not expert but I know for sure that your game will improve if you stick to 1 cue that you are used to . The unique grip gives you better control and I have controlled my scratches much more .
 I just received this stick today . I 'm anxious to take it home and try it out . I can say it is smooth , straight , and glides through my fingers with ease . The weight is perfect for what I am looking for , and it feels like a perfect fit . If this stick performs as well as it looks and feels , I may have just found the sticks to fill my rack.As far as the shipping goes , it was delayed at first , but when they did ship it , it literally got here the next day . I have absolutely no complaints about the shipper . If it fails to meet my expectations , I will update this on an &#34; As Needed Basis &#34; .
 I have been playing more and more pool lately and it got to the point where I felt it was a good idea to get my own cue . I searched high and low and reviewed at least 10 cues under $ 100 . I felt this one offered the best bang for the buck.Graphite paint on the forward sections means that it will slide nicely through your bridge even if you hands get a little sweaty like mine . The connections point looks normal for a two piece cue and screws in flat . There is also graphite paint on the back section . Some people have said they did n't like it but it offers nice pivoting friction for those light shots . If you hold it tight it wo n't slide out of your hand.Took a bit to break in the tip but eventually I was hitting nice consistent shots . The cue does vibrate quite a bit if you hit a power shot , but does not effect your aim or power.The tip is nice . It has lots of grip and control . Super easy to put any kind of english you want on the ball . I have been able to curve it around other balls fairly easily as well as back , forward , left/right spin.Overall for the price this is a very good cue to have fun with . It plays much better than any of the other cues we have in our house and seems to be very durable as well . I would recommend this cue .
 for this money , it is an ok cue stick . i do like the grip on it . very comfortable to use . i got it for a spare so if my better stick needs a new tip , i can use this in the meantime and it is nice looking .
 I love smart toys , and this is a smart one that will make your kid smarter too . No flashing lights , and annoying sounds . This toy will actually make your kids think and create . I purchased this toy for my son and wasvery happy with the product , the toys a bit expensive , but at least I do n't have to worry about lead since it 's made in Europe . I strongly believe in quality over quantity . Our house is n't filled with plastic toys , that all look and sound the same , but instead a healthy supply of high quality toys that will engage my child without turninghim into a button pressing zombie ... I know you know what I 'm talking about . This toy is a really great one forour collection , and I 'll hold onto it for future generations !
 I purchased the 166 piece for my son who is 2 1/2 and he loves it . We have to help him with it but we look at the `` map '' and pick things out to build . I ended up buying him two more sets -LRB- a tool bench and the 120 piece -RRB- so we could have more pieces to build more and bigger things !
 My husband & I are huge fans of toys that blow up , pop up or can be put up/taken down . Toddlers seem to get bored with a toy after 5 minutes , so having the option of stashing toys away under beds etc. ... allows toy rotation & keeps the house picked up.I purchased this off Ebay for much less then the retail price . The tunnel is played with daily by my 1yr old & 2.5 yr old . I put up the tent on rainy days.The tunnel is very durable . I do n't see it wearing out . I put it under my sofa each night & pop it up during the day.The tent is also very durable , but the poles have a potential for short life . They are made to collapse -LRB- a good thing -RRB- but I am sure they could still snap easily if a child fell onto the tent . I monitor my children when they play with this because I have a 1yr old & I fear suffocation if it were to collapse on him.The tent has many areas that velcro & an area that zips . Both situations severely frustrate my 2 yr old who can not operate either option . I put the tent away for a week & then tied up the zipper section & put extra velro over the latches so they will not fasten . He has forgotten about those things now & all is well again.My boys sit in it at night & play with flashlights . They look at books in it & have `` tea parties '' or as my husband prefers ... `` camp outs '' : -RRB- I believe this tent would be an excellent outdoor option . The venting at the top allows for airflow . You could just put a tarp over it if it rained.A good toy .
 The tent does take up space but the tube is separate so when space is needed it 's great . Granddaughter has a blast in it .
 These white kaolin clay-coated panels have a super-smooth , non-chipping coat of Higgins Waterproof India Ink . Scratchbord artists use a scratch knife , abrasives like artist-grade steel wool , or other tools to remove the ink and expose the white clay underneath . Fine art and illustration applications are many . Ampersand 's scratchboard products are lightyears ahead of the paper versions , in my opinion . This is a sturdy , easy to use , and incredibly flexible creative tool.Color can be added with paint orClaybord Ink Set.Highly recommended for both hobbyists and professionals . I think you will love this product .
 I love all things Simpsons , so there 's no reason not to love this . I 'm an adult , so I 'm not actually playing with it as much as keeping it as decoration and something cool -LRB- actually my brother is , it was a present for him -RRB- . Love it !!!
 My three year old son loves this puzzle . I love the sturdy pieces and carrying case . The pieces fit together nicely and are the perfect size . The puzzle is a great way for your preschooler to learn to do puzzles , because each picture is individual so you can start by just finding pieces for one vehicle and putting it together . Then move onto the next vehicle and so on . It is challenging without being frustrating .
 Crocodile Creek makes the best puzzles !!! The designs are darling , and the quality & durability is unbeatable . Other puzzle makers just put a protective coating over the design on the front of each puzzle piece , and they leave the cardboard on the back unprotected . With the Crocodile Creek puzzles ... each piece has a protective coating on the front & BACK . I was not expecting this when I purchased this puzzle . I was pleasantly surprised ! How nice when you are dealing with toddlers and young children who are still using sippy cups that may spill or leak while they play !! My son loves this puzzle and the big pieces are great for little hands . Crocodile Creek ... I have become your biggest fan !!
 bought this for my almost 2yo boy and he LOVES it !! plays with it probably 3 times a day and loves looking at the pictures and finding different things in each image . He can do the entire puzzle on his own . The carrying case is also durable , he is over 25lbs and stands on the box and it still holds up . A great value and toy for a toddler .
 I have purchased several of these puzzles for my son and also as b-day gifts . My son started putting these together a couple of months before his 3rd birthday , and I was amazed at how quickly he started to figure it out ! This one is a bit more challenging than some of the others because the entire background is blue . Some of the other puzzles have a different color background around each object , which makes it easier for the beginner to put together . Very durable -- my son often stands and jumps on the puzzle after putting it together -LRB- in celebration ! -RRB- . Although I try to discourage this behavior , the product definitely stands up to the abuse !!
 This Puzzle is awesome . My kid , which is 2 and a half years old enjoys to play with it every night before going to sleep . No need to say that it is very durable toy and it outstands the abuse ! Also , the carrying case is great to teach him how to store his toys . We bought it at FAO Schwartz in NYC , so I was surprised to find it here . Great !
 My Grandson Loves this Superman , this toy is very durable , a must for all little boys !
 I have one issue with it . For the price you 'd think this set was made up of mostly die cast but it is not . There 's a lot of plastic in there as well . Nonetheless , I would still consider it a quality toy . The set has some features that are unique . For example , my sons favorite piece in this set is the backhoe . It has an intercahngeable part that he likes to play with the most . I 've not seen a backhoe like it with the interchangeable piece of this scale before . It 's really pretty neat . The people and the animals are painted well also and fun to play with . All in all it is a good set . I only wish more of it were die cast and less of it were plastic , especially for that price !
 Liked first one so much . Bought second . Will raffle second at charity auction near future .
 I bought this for my 38 year old husband who is a huge abbott and costello fan , his eyes lit up like a little kid - Great Gift . Still in box , never used and in mint condition.Thank you !
 This ActionFigure is awesome ! The box claims that it is Johnny Blaze . But upon further investigation it is acually Dan Ketch as the GhostRider . Typo 's aside this figure is boss .
 Awsome toy . Ghost Rider was always a cool character and this toy captures his darkness and coolness . I love how articulated he is . His motorcycle is great . One of the best action figures out there . Get this one before it 's too late .
 Basically Ghost Rider is one of my favorite characters . He spreads justice by using hellfire and the Stare of Vengeance which cause the person to feel all the pains and suffering he inflicted on his victims . The figure has a very menacing look to it , and prefect for displaying it on your shelf . The only thing I would like more if the jaw can be moved . So get it , since the movie is also coming out next summer .
 GHOST RIDER is the BEST LOOKING marvel legend action figure that I have . It has a lot of details . You can notice a red dot in his dark eyes and his pants feel and look like real jeans.I only have 2 complaints , the figure doesnt come with an extra chain like in the cover and its left leg makes it stand up in a weird stance but its still a cool figure . Besides the figure , its motorcycle is also a cool factor .
 This is indeed a very cool figure , perfect for display . The articulation is impressive . I do have a few complaints though
 This figure is so freakin awesome lot of articulation only problem is that he does n't sit on the bike two well but over all a great action figure .
 Ghost Rider oooooooooh boy this figure is just freaking legit it really is even though it 's the classic ghost rider haha so Marvel legends has hit this one out of the park , the paint job is 100 % clean there is no white specks or anything like that on mine two accessories he come 's with is his chain and his most beloved from all fans his hellish motorcylce what 's even cool you can mount his cycle on your wall making it look like his going up you wall . you can wrap ghost rider 's chain on his shoulder or you can make him carry the chain it 's you choice and what 's even cooler he has multiple articutlaion giving him any pose that your heart desire 's I have my ghost slidding on his motorcycle and him giving this menacing look . It would been really awesome his flame 's on his head was see through along with flame 's on motorcycle guy 's / gal 's I can not tell you how strongly I recommend you getting this its truely a badass figure also this figure come 's with a comic book I will explain articulation below and my final score.Articulation
 the figure looks better when u actually get it :D . definitely recommend this figure to whoever is a fan of ghost rider or whoever collects marvel legends figures . at first i thought the figure 's shipping was slow but it actually comes pretty fast for standard shipping . this ghost rider figure comes with the chain , a nicely detailed bike , and a 32 page comic book . the figure is also extremely detailed and looks awesome . A must have for your marvel figures collection !!!
 Great illusion , okay quality . The stickers started peeling off on mine a bit . But , I would still recommend . Easy to learn for the beginner and instantly resets . Do n't perform twice in a row for someone at the same sitting .
 This is pretty simple . My 7 year old was easily able to do it . Once you have done the trick for someone though , you ca n't really do it again because it becomes obvious what the &#34; trick &#34; is .
 I would deffenly order from them again , no complants at all , i came in top shape and it was like new , thank you
 I got this game as a gift for my neice and nephew - they are home schooled and have had a very conservative upbringing . I needed something that would still be fun for them , but that their parents would approve of and allow them to use . They seemed to like the game and even though they are two years apart in age , they tied the first two times they played together !
 I have been waiting for years for a great Magneto figure . The closet until now was the Age of Apocalyspe Magneto who was n't even part of regular continuity . This figure is a perfect translation of the comic character , Much better then the movie figure . If you can get this I would highly recommend it .
 In My Opinion , Magneto is a Close Second in the Race of Best Figure in Series Three -LRB- Second Only to Gambit -RRB- . The Sculpt of the Face and Hair is Extraordinary and the Depiction of His Most Iconic Costume is Spot On . His Base Alone is Worth the Price of the Figure in That I 've Used it For So Many Different Guys . There-In Lies My Only Dilemma . Magneto Himself has a Hard Time Standing on His -LRB- or Any -RRB- Base . His Top Half is Much Heavier than the Bottom . This was the Very First Figure I Used My Dental Floss from the Ceiling Technique . It was on this Pioneer Occasion that I Learned to Always Use Name-Brand Dental Floss . The Cheap Stuff Broke Almost Immediately . He Survived the Fall Without a Scratch . After Carefully Concealing a Makeshift Harness -LRB- Made of Name Brand Floss -RRB- Under His Cloak and in His Seams , I Hung Him with Confidence . That Same Rig has Lasted Years , though it 's Been Moved a Lot . Magneto Always Looms Menacingly Over the Display , Arms Outstretched , Ready to Do Some Damage !
 Magneto is a cool toy . I usually play with him , Gambit , and Wolverine -LRB- another fun toy -RRB- . but I have had trouble with his cape which tends to fall off . none the less its an excellent toy .
 I would have expected that one of MARVEL 's most powerful characters would have meritted more from the line of MARVEL LEGENDS than to be put up of spare parts from the SERIES I release of IRON-MAN ... or is that just fitting irony .
 We purchased this item for our son -LRB- who plays trumpet -RRB- . It 's still in his room and still working after several years . It 's fun and a good conversation piece .
 Louis Armstrong , live and in the plastic animatronic beaut of a figurine ! His eyelids shoot open as he sings about `` what a wonderful world '' it is . He sways his arm , moving his head from side to side to give each audience member their own special moment with him . His mouth lips the lyrics to `` hello , darling '' showing off his pearly white teeth . He 's as good now as one of my favorite singers/players of all time , just as he was in my grandfather 's time as one of my ol' pap 's favorites ; and I think to myself , what a wonderful purchase .
 This one i bought of Rodney is still working great and sounds great very happy with this on it is very funny sayings
 This doll looks like Rodney and has 11 Minutes of Rodneys actual act . I have no trouble hearing what he says . There 's some people talking in the background , but you get that at a live show.He tugs at his tie and his other arm is poseable to any direction you want . A must have for any True Rodney fan .
 Thor of Asgard from the Marvel Legends series 3 release in the Classic Thor outfit.He 's a big figure and very , very top-heavy so posing him is a bit difficult and the legs may eventually loosen up . Barrel chested , his arms wo n't cross his chest . His hands are articulated so he can make a fist or grasp the Mjolnir . Of course this also means that he can let it go . The head wo n't turn as much either because of his hair - he 's not called Goldilocks for nothing.However , he'e an icon . A very well built icon . All the Thors that followed him pale in comparison to theis Thor 's sculpt , and overbearing presence - especially that whimpy Thor from the Giant Man series . He 's the centerpiece of any Avengers collection , standing right behind Captain America.A must buy , must collect .
 I 've been trying to encourage the Jay Jay characters for my 17 mos old son . One , it is a PBS show , and second because I really do n't want to have train tracks all over my house . My son is 17 mos and he really likes Jay Jay but he does n't fully grasp how to play with the characters yet . He is drawn to the characters , but generally he just carries it around and sings to it . But , anytime he does pull out the Jay Jay character , he points to the mat . Right now he just sits on the mat and sings but I suspect that in a few months he will begin to understand that it is also for pretending . The mat is the perfect size for travelling . However , I do wish there was a bigger one available for at home . Since it easily rolls up for storage purposes , a bigger one would be great for pretend play . The current size is pretty small for airplane play .
 Purchase experience was very basic and fluid ; we ordered , it arrived . Perfect!It 's great to be able to purchase something that 's not made in China !!!
 The Tarrytown Playmat added another dimension to the airport set and it allows my two-year old grandson to move the planes and vehicles around just like they would on the real thing .
 Rubber Duckie , you 're the one , You make bathtime lots of fun , Rubber Duckie , I 'm awfully fond of you ; Rubber Duckie , joy of joys , When I squeeze you , you make noise!Rubber Duckie , you 're my very best friend , it 's true!What more can be said ? It is a rubber duckie .
 This is a great gift for anyone that is a true Lucy fan ! I ordered this for my 25 year old daughter and not only was the quality upon delivery impecable , she openly laughed at its message and detail . Great gift !
 Excellent toy ! Sings two songs , mouth moves to the words , and he dances , too . Plus it 's really Dino singing .
 I look for toys that inspire independence , creativity and exploration of the world . I look for toys that are fun and easy to use and do more than have a button to push . If toys are educational so much the better.These railway toys are perfect and match everything I want from a toy . Railway toys encourage children to be creative and use eye and hand coordination , verbal skills and more.They are well worth the money!This addition to the railway is great . The short pieces help for the little sections where you need just that - a small short piece . They have some that have two innies or two outies which has helped us complete a circle or a railway when we started out at opposite ends and need just that kind of piece . This is one of the first additions I 'd buy my child for a railway.Excellent . Enjoy
 The railways from BRIO are best toys for boys between 3 and 9 years old . I have bought several sets , because my two boys wanted to build very large ways . You must be ready to buy tunnels , bridges , stations etc. , then your children will habe fun building ways ! The educational value of this play is really high . The children learn to think how to do things better!Virgilio Krumbacher
 This set is a definite must to help make more and more railways . You really ca n't do anything too exciting without these sets . The durability of Brio is just unmatched and we 're just so thrilled with the substantiality of their products and this one is no different . Now we 're off to get more supports ! Thanks Brio !
 Of all of the MARVEL LEGENDS action figures in TOY BIZ 's line based on the most popular characters in MARVEL 's Comics , WOLVERINE takes the cake as the most exciting looking and fun to play with ! I understand these figures are meant mainly for the collectable ... and it delivers on that , especially with the wall-mountable back-drop that features a scene from one of Wolvie 's coolest moments in THE UNCANNY X-MEN , it 's still very exciting to hold in your hands and imagination one of the most thrilling characters ever created in MARVEL 's history!Exclesior !
 my only problem with the figure was that his claws are too easily bent so i spend time before i can even play with it restraighting the claws other then that it is pretty darn eXcellent .
 Awesome detail and ferocious looking wolverine . His savage , bloody and full of rage is here and looks really cool . I love everything about this Wolverine except for one petty little thing , , , his thighs are a bit too thin compared to the rest of his body .
 great toy , a real piece of collection and the aditional comic makes it even more worth great decision im happy : -RRB-
 Wolverine comes with an awesome stand that goes with the comic that is with . The detail is great and the paint job also the articulation is amazing and is a bit hunched so you can pose him and make him look very wolverinish . The only flaw is the claws , depending on the packaging they may come bent and mishapen thanks to the child feature they ca n't be too sharp and hard . To fix this problem simply dip wolverines claws in boiling water . Shape them and then dip them in ice water .
 We got this toy and it is awesome . very detailed and articulate . its just fun to play with .
 I recently bought Wolverine . It is actually quite good though I reckon the claws could of been sturdier -LRB- they get bent in odd positions -RRB- and the paint job could of been better on the eyes . I prefer them white like the comics . Apart from those minor faults the action figure is nicely sculpted and being a Marvel Legends figure it has very good articulation . I have to give you credit for this one Toy Biz .
 The articulation is awesome and poseability unbeatable .
 I got this one on ebay for more than this awesome price , so buy it off amazon now!This wolverine is the best comic wolverne ever made . there is no other like it .1 . his claws are great , i think it 's good that they are soft an flexible becuase if you wanted them hard plastic you 'd be crying after you broke his claws .2 . the base is very dramatic and you can put him in a variety of berserker poses , and claws scratches aree a great touch .3 . this is my best marvel legend figure , this may be my only Marvel Legend without the weak ankles so he supports himself pretty well.for a while his right knee would n't bend all the way from the paint that hardend it but I beneded it an got scared that i broke it but i fixed it actually.Also , THIS Wolverine is just as awesome as any of those X-men movie Wolverine 's out there . Those movie versions do n't really have a good enough likeness to Hugh Jackman and the claws are short an terrible.For the true Wolvierine fan , do yourself a favor and get this pronto !
 This figure is incredibly well-detailed and is very posable . It makes a great shelf piece , but is n't the best toy for young children . As a collector -LRB- and Marvel geek -RRB- , I give it 5 out of 5 stars .
 I love this figure except his claws tend to get bent into odd postions . They should have made them tougher or made one solid piece . I still also think they should have had white eyeslike the comic version does . Great articulation . Recommended .
 I love this awesome wolverine toy . When i opened the package the claws were bent , but all the wolverine figures i get usually are , and i do the same thing to each of them . I put them in a machine i invented specially made to make the claws go in bent , come out perfect . Anyway , this item is 3 stars educational because you have to be able to read , to read a comic book . The only complaint i could ever make about this toy which isnt a big complaint , would be that the comic book is a reprint , and not the original , but all Marvel Legends are , so i deal with it , even though the rest of my Marvel Comic Book collection is all originals . This is an overall awesome toy . Goes great With Marvel Legends Bundle Series 1 and 2 . Use the backgrounds that come with each figure and make a little background scene , And use the comic books as guides to a great action figure battle ! ...
 My 12 year old son received this for Christmas from his aunt and it was an instant hit with our family . My 9 year old loves it too , but the 6 year old is a bit young for it . He enjoys it , but gets a bit frustrated by it when playing with his older brothers . He still has fun setting it up though and creating his own rules.The object of the game is to get the laser from your Sphinx to hit your opponent 's Pharaoh . You do this by strategically moving around -LRB- or rotating -RRB- your pieces that include
 I ordered this game almost a year ago and have loved it since . The game makes your mind think in crisp strategy and it 's fun to play . But I 'm writing this review now to talk about another thing . About a month or two ago , one of the lasers stop working -LRB- I moved the board around my room a lot and the piece took a beating from drops -RRB- . I emailed the company and got a reply back the next day telling me they were shipping me a new piece free of charge . Just wanted to let people know that not only is the game great , but the customer support is great too . Have fun , and get the game ! Way more fun than chess .
 Interesting and fun strategy game that is somewhat similar to chess , in that you have to think about the consequences of each move , and think ahead . The pieces are plastic , but decently durable , lasers work fine for most gameplay -LRB- extremely long `` shots '' sometimes drift off target , had that happen once -RRB- . The game can be learned fairly quickly , and is a ton of fun to play .
 This game is a lot of fun , but VERY difficult . I keep killing myself , rather than the other player beating me . I find it about as hard as chess , and a bit more confusing . While learning the game play and the movements are significantly easier than chess , it seems to require a similar amount of forethought and planning . It is also very easy to accidentally kill yourself . It is nice , however , that there are different starting setups for people of different levels.It is a great strategy game , but like chess , I find it can be a bit frustrating . I do think it would be fun for anyone over the age of 8 or so ... anyone able to start critical thinking . While a younger kid might need help understanding where the laser is going to bounce , it would be a fun way to learn some critical thinking skills , and planning -LRB- after all , what kid does n't love lasers ? -RRB- . Definitely a game that is easy to learn , but VERY hard to master .
 I just wanted to say that the parent company , Innovention Toys , was great to deal with . I have version 1.0 and my lasers stopped working . I have no idea why , they just stopped . I contacted them , and they quickly -LRB- and without any hassle -RRB- sent out a new board and a few extra pieces -LRB- as a couple had mis-aligned lasers -RRB- . So if you buy the game , know that they have great `` hassle-free '' customer support . I did n't know that customer support like that really existed anymore !
 This game is not as complicated as chess but requires higher level thinking when compared to checkers . In fact my seven year old picked it up right away . He enjoys trying figure out where the laser will end up ; missing the strategy of the game :-RRB- . But he and I enjoy playing . I introduced it to my friends and family and they all love it . The games are quicker than chess but require a lot more thinking than checkers . The construction of the game is very good with solid plastic pieces . It comes in a nice case storage spots for the pieces . If you like strategic thinking games that you can play with a friend , in my opinion , you will not be disappointed . I have purchased the `` splitter '' or anything extra , but it could add a nice wrinkle to the game .
 My husband bought Khet 2.0 for my ten year-old son for Christmas . He 's played with his eight year-old sister , but she complains he always wins . I 've played with him a few times , and it 's a draw.Khet 2.0 is best described as laser chess , although it 's not chess in the classic sense . Move the pieces around the board , fire the laser . If it hits a piece on a solid surface , that piece is out . Kill the opponent 's pharoah and you win . The trick is to arrange the mirrors so the laser hits its target . The light moves at right angles when it hits the mirror . Plan accordingly.This game takes lots of practice to develop strategy . Foresight is important . I 'm still working on it , but it 's a lot of fun . For me , it 's definitely more fun than chess . Great way to give the brain cells a workout .
 Grandson and I have been playing throughout the day , making up our own starting figurations at times ; having fun surprising ourselves with outcomes , etc. .
 I bought this game for my boyfriend 's birthday , and it is just so much fun ! I was a little curious to see if I would like it or not because I am just horrible at chess , which it most closely resembles , but so far I really like it and so does he . It took me a couple game to figure out the strategy behind it but now that I understand it , it is so much fun ! I would highly recommend this product to anyone who enjoys chess and other strategy games .
 I bought this game because I thought my 14 year old son would enjoy the laser aspect to this game as something different in a board game . Little did I know that he would go crazy over it because of the strategic style of play . He is a big chess player and this game really feeds into that sort of thinking . I am far from a stratgist and love the game as well . For me it 's a surprise every time I push the laser playing piece . My son is able to plan 7 moves in advance but because I am not playing in the same style I tend to foil his plans completely by accident-drives him crazy ! I must admit the more I play the more I understand how to manipulate the game pieces and am actually becoming a challenging player . We 've played games that have lasted 15 minutes and games that have lasted an hour . Time flies while playing . Similar to when you get on the conputer . Thinking you 've only been on a few minutes only to find a half hour has past so beware . Well worth every penny .
 Khet is good times . I have never once had any issue with its durability or design . The laser goes where it is supposed to , every time.The ONE GUY who says this game is made poorly likely dropped his on the floor before opening it and is now upset that he can not get a refund for something that HE did to his game set.I have played this game with my 11 year old nephew and my 91 year old grandfather and they both loved it.I have played roughly 500 matches of Khet on my game set and have yet to experience a mechanical malfunction.Take from that what you will .
 I love this game . I played it once at my sister 's house and I went home and ordered it immediately.This is an excellent game of strategy that reminds me chess . It takes a lot of thought and planning . Most importantly , it 's secretly educational
 I found this game , and since i liked lasers and stuff , i bought it . Good for teaching kids about light optics and how light reflects . Reflect laser light and try to get it to touch your opponent 's `` pharaoh '' . Has an Egyptian theme to it , do n't know why .
 this game is amazing , there are so many forward and defensive moves that it keeps you entertained and your brain occupied . the instructions lack full answers to gameplay questions , but the board and pieces are high quality , and undoubtedly will last a lifetime . Now if they would put out a case to keep it in !
 Khet is based on an exceptionally elegant concept . This is one of only a few board games I would decorate with a top rating -LRB- see also Quoridor and Twixt -RRB- . Rather than repeat all the deserved praise already written by other reviewers , let me explain one small weakness of Khet : Most people will struggle to discover the basic strategies of the game when they first start playing . This can be frustrating at first . All of my opponents have wanted to play a second -LRB- or more -RRB- games . Like potato chips , nobody can stop at just one . I enjoy the game enuf to have played several times , and eventually I began to understand the interplay of Khet 's strategies and tactics.The concept is beautifully simple , but its resultant strategies are not immediately perceivable in your first game . In contrast , the basic strategies begin to emerge quickly in the elegant games Quoridor and Twixt.The Khet laser can not be expected to shoot entirely straight , and its accuracy drifts as more bounces are added . But your eye & finger can easily follow/discover the path the laser would take ; easily.Thus it will seem a paradox when I now say that the number of silly blunders -LRB- obviously bad moves -RRB- is surprisingly high in Khet . I can not explain it.I think Khet might be very educational in that any child or adult will wonder to themself how they overlooked such obvious flaws when they were making their final move choice . Such wonderings should lead to new mental self-discipline in motivated players .
 Khet was purchased as a Christmas present for our 14 yr old grandson . He and his father have both enjoyed playing it very much . However , They seem ready for game add-ons to challenge them a little more .
 I have had alignment problems as well , noticable after only five reflections . From what I can tell , it stems from lax tolerances not with the laser , but with the reflective surfaces . The pyramid pieces in particular seem to be built with more angular variation than the others . I plan on calling the manufacturer to see if they have looked into tighter tolerances , or even to see if I could get a couple of replacement pyramids that are dead on . We 'll see.Other than that minor frustration , the game is quite fun , and the alignment issues sort of add a little extra fun for us nerd types . I like to try to find which unit is misaligned . But I do n't recommend letting your kids do that , because this laser is a class II and can be injurious if stared at.If you have n't noticed any alignment problems , go ahead and get the beam splitters , too . They add to the variety of the game.I feel really sorry for those with misaligned lasers ; that would be a game breaker .
 My son-in-law says this is a fun game . One of the lasers did n't work when he got the game as a Christmas present . He contacted the company and they said they would send him a whole new game ! Very good customer service .
 I have been looking forward to getting this game since hearing about it a few months back . I was a little worried from everybody saying it was poor quality and the lasers are weak -LRB- version 1 anyway -RRB- . I must say that I am completely satisfied with this game.Game play
 I purchased Khet for my youngest son last Christmas . What a wild and challenging game . I 'm a chess player and enjoy an occasional game of checkers and Othello , but this is one game that just gets me . Very challenging , but easy enough for child . In fact , my son beats me at it much of the time . Definitely a game for the young and nimble mind ! Just trying to keep track of all variables to protect your men while attempting to attack your opponent is mind blowing ! I 'd would certainly recommend this game to any parent or grandparent . Fun for all ages .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas and it is fantastic ! So cool the way the laser lights up the pieces that are hit ! It takes a bit of thinking to figure out where the lasers will fire and how best to defend your pieces while taking out your opponent 's ! It was great to see my son 's wheels turning , trying to figure it out . The board and pawns are very sturdy and well made . I think this will be a game we love for years !
 My wife , Ann , bought this for me for Christmas . If you are a geek at all , and if you like chess/checkers , you will love this game . My 7 and 9 year old boys eat it up , too.The laser part makes it unique . One move and the laser goes to a completely different part of the board . The games do n't last as long as chess , which I like -- and the kids really like.I have not had any problems with laser alignment as some of the other reviews mentioned .
 My grandson and friends were playing this game and seemed to really enjoy it . It also seems very durable .
 This is an amazingly challenging fun game - It simply never gets old and my kids have learned much about light and refraction !!
 what a wonderful , fun tp play , novel , mind-bending treat !! as challenging and as anyone would want to make it
 We bought this game for our son who wanted it for a while . Ends up the whole family really enjoys it . Fun to play , makes you think and strategize .
 What a tough game . Santa brought it . We took it to a family reunion a few days later and all the grown ups had a blast trying to figure it out .
 I have n't played this game , it looks pretty complicated but my grandson thinks it 's great . He 's 8 but into strategy games .
 The only comparison I can really make is to chess , but Khet is easier to learn , and it 's easier to think a few moves ahead . There are different starting arrangements you can use to add variety , and because the pieces start spread around the board , you can get down to business right away , compared to the slow starts of chess . The pieces ' different abilities are created by their physical shapes , rather than being able to move different distances and directions as in chess , so the rules are pretty simple . There are only four types of pieces , and they all move the same way . But despite the simple rules , this is a challenging game for all ages . Later on if you feel the need to kick it up a notch , theEye of HorusandTower of Kadeshexpansions will make it even more mind-bending . Quick rules :1 -RRB- Pieces are eliminated by hitting them on a non-mirrored side -LRB- including your own pieces if you 're not careful -RRB- , with the goal being to eliminate your opponent 's pharaoh -LRB- the laser causes pieces to glow when hit on a non-mirrored side , which is pretty cool -RRB- 2 -RRB- Each turn you may move a piece one square , or rotate a mirrored piece 90 degrees . Only two special things to keep track of :2 a -RRB- Obelisks may be stacked two-high and moved as a stack2b -RRB- The Djed piece can swap places with an obelisk or pyramid -LRB- of either color -RRB- that is blocking its pathLike other reviewers I 'd be willing to pay more for a version that was better aligned , but do n't be discouraged . It 's good for 5-7 bounces depending on slight variations in the pieces , and paths of over 5 bounces do n't seem to happen that often . This is because longer paths take longer to set up and are easier to disrupt . Usually paths longer than 5 bounces happen on accident.You also do n't need to worry too much about breaking the mirrors . I 'm sure you could do it if you tried , but the plastic frames provide pretty good protection .
 I got this game for my birthday -LRB- I 'm 35 -RRB- and I love it ! It 's like a high-tech version of chess . Definitely makes you think hard and try to plot out your moves many steps in advance . It 's especially tricky because you have to simultaneously think offensively and defensively . If you like classic strategic boardgames , you 'll love this game .
 An excellent strategy game . Moves , including just rotation of a peice , van have serious consequences . The various configuration of starting positions keep any single strategy from consistently being successful . Just started using it and my son -LRB- age 7 -RRB- and I are anxious to continue experimenting . No doubt the `` cool factor '' of a laser game has some effect in his enthusiasm , but he 's learning strategy well . The company also quickly replaced a defective game without any problems . Highly recommended
 I received Khet for Christmas , just two days ago . Since then I 've played about half a dozen games or so , and I am completely stunned at the elegance of the concept behind this game . I am certain the concept of a geometry-related boardgame is n't brand new , but I feel as though this game ought to be the standard against which similar games should be measured . The makers of Khet took an admirably clever concept and executed upon it brilliantly.The most fascinating aspect of Khet is the fact that the game is quite simple in terms of rules , but staggeringly complex in terms of strategy . Comparisons made to chess or othello would n't be out of line ; the game takes literally five minutes to learn , but I anticipate it would take months , if not years , to master.The board is designed appropriately . I had initial concerns that the board may be a little too small for all of the action that would take place on it , but after a few games I became convinced that was n't a problem . The pieces are easily identifiable and move in a uniform manner -LRB- with one or two exceptions -RRB- , but the slightest maneuver - be it a piece moving to one side or rotating a mere quarter-turn - can radically change the playing field . I 'll admit a little disappointment that the laser beam itself could n't be seen , but the practical side of me acknowledges that a laser powerful enough to be visible probably should not be packaged in a board game!My sole concern with this game is whether or not it will prove durable enough to last for a long period of time . The plastic construction of the board and pieces seems sturdy enough , but I am concerned that the mirrored surfaces may become marred , chipped or broken with repeated play.I note a previous reviewed indicated some problems with laser alignment ; I have experienced no such difficulty . After several games involving as many as six or seven deflections of the laser beam , I have not seen a single indication that the laser does not align appropriately with the target . One of my lasers tends to fire at an angle elevated slightly higher than the other , but the height of the pieces more than compensates for that.Overall , I find this to be an excellent game . Its design is clever and elegant , and its gameplay is simple and engaging . I am pleased that it is clearly a `` learning '' game , as gameplay is based on scientific and mathematic principals . I praise this game for the depth of strategic thinking required to master it , but also for the fact that it can be picked up and experimented with after only a few minutes of observation . I just bought the Eye of Horus beam-splitter expansion today , and I 'm looking forward to what THAT does to change the game !
 My seven year old daughter loves this game , it teaches strategy , physics and geometry all while having fun . We now play this as a family at least once a week .
 My 11 year-old grandson suggested this game for his 7 1/2 year-old cousin . I was concerned that the recommended age level was 9 and up , but I bought it for him anyway , figuring that if he was n't ready for it yet he 'd grow into it . Both he and his 6 year-old brother , both chess players , love it .
 This is a great change from checkers or chess . My son loves chess , but I am not the type to grasp all the moves , etc. . This game requires a lot of thought without so many options for the pieces to move . There are often surprises as you think you 've just planned a good move , only to find there was an unexpected light deflection . Probably the most popular toy among my 4 children this Christmas .
 I gave this gift to my husband and the whole family ended up playing it . It 's a great strategy game that does n't require hours of learning the game . I enjoyed the game even though I do n't generally like strategy games . It 's fun that you can start the pieces in different positions for variety . Relativity straight forward moves . This is a game that the whole family will enjoy . In fact I bought another one for my niece who enjoyed that more than her computer games .
 I bought this for my Grandson 's 10th birthday . He and his Dad spent one evening learning the game , and then played it a few more times over the weekend I was with them . They were both intrigued and challenged by the intellectual nature of the game , as well as the electronic twist to it . My 10 year-old was thrilled with it - so was my 41 year old son!All the pieces were there , the batteries were installed before he opened it , and the pieces are `` cool . ''
 I purchased this game for my grandsons for Xmas as an alternative to video games and hopefully to technologically lead them back to chess.They are 13 and 11 and they say , `` Two Thumbs UP ! '' They like it and it has provided an alternate gaming choice which pleases their Mom!IT 'S A WIN WIN !
 i bought it for my 5 yr old son but he is too young to play this but i really enjoy playing with friends , This is a strategy game and comparable to chess but its much easier to learn as all pieces move the same way.The fun is the near infinite possibilities you need to consider before making a move and another factor is that one bad move and cause you the game . Really a brilliant game and thoroughly recommend to ages 8 and above.One thing is the initial learning needs an effort mostly due to the unfamiliar names of the pieces but i just youtubed some videos to get started and once you start you will like it .
 Great board game ! Fun and original version of chess with laser beams.Entertaining for the whole family . Each game is really different and can last from 5 min to an hour depending on yours and your opponents skills.Great customer service . Definitively a great value for the price .
 The game overall is really good . However the quality of the production of the game is really low . Unlike a chess set you would never want to leave this on display the pieces are made of cheap plastic and one of my sphinx pieces broke on arrival . They were quick to send a replacement however . It 's also quite large , much larger than I was expecting . It would be nice if they would create a wood or metal set that was smaller.I 've been giving some thought to simply building my own board and set because the game itself is good .
 I recently purchased this game to explore some new at-home activities for my Wife and I . We spend so much time at work and commuting to-and-from that when the weekends arrive , we never want to leave the house . We sought something that we could enjoy together , indoors , any time of day.I 've always wanted to play strategy games with her , but she 's not interested in CCG 's , or games like Risk , Axis & Allies , etc. . Checkers is far too repetitive for me , and Chess is too hard to teach and understand.I - like others - was captivated by the fun factor of `` lasers '' with Khet . But what began as simply a gimmick has become much , much more.Our first round with Khet was surprisingly short . Unsurprisingly , I won . The second game was equally as quick , but my wife emerged victorious . She 'd go on to win two more games . The reason for this is that Khet quickly teaches you that there is MUCH more strategy to bouncing a laser across a small playing field than one might initially think.The most important reason for this is the fact that each player has their own laser . I was n't exactly sure how this worked , and had to wait to open the box to actually figure it out . Players `` fire '' their own laser at the end of each turn , and any piece which is struck on a non-reflective side is removed from play . This requires some diligent thinking , as you not only have to plan the course of your own laser , but must think proactively as to what potential pathways your opponent 's laser can take as well . In addition , all of the `` setups '' provided with the instructions will force your lasers to meet both yours and your opponent 's pieces , meaning that at any given point in the early turns of the game , your path could be drastically changed thanks to your opponent . In the early turns , I failed to take my Wife 's pathways into consideration , and suffered some humiliating defeats!The setups of Khet may be an unfamiliar aspect to those used to playing Checkers and Chess , where every game starts the same . However , since your own pieces are vulnerable to your own laser , and it could take 8 turns or more to move a single piece across the map to create a new angle for your laser , the setups allow for faster gameplay and require the need for strategy immediately at turn 1 . However , the setups are by no means permanent , and players are encouraged to create their own setups as desired . The -LSB- ... -RSB- website helps this by allowing visitors to create a setup using a Flash-driven application , and then copy HTML code into a website allowing them to `` store '' their setups -LRB- provided they have some sort of private webspace . -RRB- Khet plays fast , but Khet plays hard . In our most recent game , my wife failed to notice how an offensive move by my Djed piece actually changed the path of her own laser , aiming a beam directly at her Pharoah -LRB- the `` King '' of your pieces . -RRB- After moving a piece outside of her laser path , her casual expression changed to one of total shock as her Pharoah lit up at the end of her turn . This is the challenge of Khet - one that in my opinion will force players to constantly change their methods and expand their strategies . It 's not as simple as it looks , but it 's really a lot of fun.On the alignment issue , it seems to be hit and miss - sometimes my laser hits the edge of an obelisk after just 3 bounces , but other times I 've had it hit dead-on beyond bounces . It 's not so much the lasers as it is the pieces - some are just more precise than others . Many times however a game is won in 3 bounces or even less , making it a rare - and thus a rare aggravation - that alignment becomes an issue.I 'll be adding the expansions , soon ! ** EDIT ** I 'm not sure why Amazon censored my website above - it 's a website FOR the product I 'm reviewing ... Anyways , to visit it , simply take the NAME of this product -LRB- four letters , starts with `` K '' and ends with `` het '' -RRB- and add the DOT-COM on the end ... ; - -RRB-
 It is like chess but more fun . I gave it to my friend for Christmas and it still has n't made it to the shelf . I will be buying the expansion packs soon .
 This is a favorite game to play with my 7 year old . Game is easy to learn yet is challenging at the same time . Great strategy game with the average length of play well within my son 's attention span when playing best out of three.Game would rate 5 stars if it was n't for the lack of quality control . We did not have alignment issues but every mirror was filthy and had to be cleaned before attempting to play . Some pieces had to have the rough edges smoothed to fit properly in the board squares.That said , I would purchase again and find the $ 40 price tag well worth it for such an innovative game .
 Very fun and thought provoking game . Bought this for my mechanical minded 11 year old ; he really enjoys it ! Great gift .
 I 'm 9 years old and got this game for Christmas today . We tried and it is AWESOME !!!!!! Complicated rules , but still GREAT ! It also teaches you a little physics because you have to hit your opponent 's pharaoh with your lasers by moving the mirrors and bouncing the beam off the sides . I COMPLETELY recommend this game even though it 's quite pricey -LRB- my mom payed $ 30 -RRB- , it is WORTH IT !!
 this game is one of thebest strategy games I have ever played out side of a PC . at work I tell everyone its &#34; LASER CHESS &#34; PEW PEW ... Everyone loves it , some people have an issue following the laser , but others pick it up quickly and can almost see the path the laser takes with out firing . . EPIC brain twisting fun . having to attack and defend at the same time , defend from the enemy laser , while trying to attack with yours . sometimes its best to turn the tables and use your opponents laser to attack with and vice versa . Have not played 2 games aline yet .
 My sons like this game , its a good variation of a chess type game and lots of fun . My only complaint is that the mirrors could be more precise , after a few deflections they tend to wander off the desired path .
 A very innovative game of skill . I bought this for my nine year old son . He absolutely loves it ! At first the game play seems overwhelming , but after a few games you start developing a strategy . It 's provided us with hours of fun .
 Almost similar to chess in that pieces move in limited ways and you need to plan several steps in advance to kill the pharaoh , but I find the prisms and lasers to be a really cool twist . Would definitely recommend to chess and other strategy game lovers !
 I love playing this , it it like chess on steroids , and with lasers , really you can ' y beat that . It is easy to get started , but hard to master -LRB- really hard -RRB- .
 My parents got this game for my 9 year old son . It 's a lot of fun and is a good learning game . Unfortunately one of the lasers stopped working after a few games , and it was n't the battery . I emailed Khet . They responded quickly and sent me a replacement laser right away .
 This is a great game . Purchased for my 7 year old nephew , the whole family loved the game . Definitely a new twist on chess .
 This game is great for people who want chess-like strategy with a modern feel . It can be tricky to bend your brain around the complex path that the laser takes sometimes , but that 's what is good about it ! I bought this as a gift for a friend who enjoys many types of games on a frequent basis . He is very happy with it and always suggests we play a match before other games . The Egyptian theme is a bonus for anyone with a passion for Egyptology .
 This is one of the only board games I have ever seen that appeals to both novice and advanced levels of play . The game and strategies involved seem to evolve quite rapidly as your experience and comfort with the game progress . I hate to give it the old `` fun for all ages , '' but it really is . We 've recently spent much more on Wii games that proved far less thought provoking and satisfying . I would recommend this game to any parents wanting to pull their children -LRB- and life -RRB- away from the television .
 KHET is a great game I have been playing for years and recommend it to any one who like chess , checkers , or strategy in general . I find it very unique , and as I was raised on strategy board games such as chess , axis and allies , and diplomacy , that 's saying something . It 's nice to see a board game that is new , simple , and yet complex . A little bit of tomorrow , today is the best way to describe this game . Khet is a board game that is truly interactive with its pieces , this being the future and all -LRB- to those concerned I figured by now I would also have a jet pack and pellet form food that taste great , but I am still waiting -RRB- . My only real grief with the game is that it needs to be able to have four players . Now that would be insane fun -LRB- Maybe the makers will read this and draw something up -RRB- .
 I have given Khet for gifts the last few years , and it has been the biggest hit each time . I have given it to kids about 10 years old all the way to middle age adults . It is fun for all ages . It is educational for the kids , keeps them off video and TV . It is a lot more fun than traditional board games , and can be as easy or challenging as you want it to be . This is for sure a MUST for everyone .
 Incredibly fun game . Quick to learn , very hard to master . A rookie can easily beat a seasoned player due to one dumb move . Lots of fun and exciting chess-like game . But the lasers are very fragile . To fire them you push down on the heads of the sphinx . Unfortunately , if you push a little forward or backward as you push down , it can break the laser instantly - with very little pressure .
 This is a great game for all ages . My husband used Khet in his classroom with middle schoolers and they loved it . It uses some of the same strategy as chess -LRB- thinking a few moves ahead -RRB- . It is also fun for adults . You can play it again and again using different starting formations and strategies , always learning something new along the way . * if you take this game to a bar and blow smoke onto the gameboard during you turn , you can see the path of the laser . you can also create this affect with dry ice/fog machine if you do n't like smoke . it 's kind of cool .
 My wife , son and I love to play chess . My six year old daughter is learning too . KHET 2.0 takes chess and turns it into laser tag , but strategy and forethought are still the keys to winning . It 's a little easier to learn than chess , but no less complex or hard to master . A simple quarter-turn of a piece can be either a defensive or offensive move , or both ! Kids will be attracted to the hi-tech component , but it is a game for all ages . The basic premise is to hit your opponent 's pharaoh with a laser controlled by moving your mirrored pieces around the board and dispatching the enemy pieces in your way . It can be as easy as a game of checkers or as complex as a good game of chess.Having played both this and the originalKHET , I find I like this one better . It 's much more travel friendly . The laser/mirrors are better aligned -LRB- on my set -RRB- and they are now movable . It does n't hurt that less expensive either . Sadly , theTOWER OF KADESHandKhet - Eye of Horus Beamsplitteradd-ons does n't work with 2.0 . However , there is enough complexity with the basic game to satisfy and challenge all but the most hardcore player . I recommend getting KHET 2.0 if you want a travel version . Or get the original set if you want to really invest in the game and its expansions . Good luck though , the original KHET -LRB- Deflection -RRB- game sets are getting harder and harder to find , and mine is n't for sale ! ; -RRB-
 This is a game well worth waiting for and you will have fun playing it . You will find it is quicker to pick up than Chess and once you get used to the mirrors you will love playing this game . I bought this game and loved it and then played it with my friends , who are now addicted to it.You move a piece one at a time and then fire the laser . If it hits a mirror piece -LRB- a Djed or Pyramid -RRB- the beam reflects off in a straight line until it either hits the wall or a non reflecting piece -LRB- an Obelisk or Pharaoh -RRB- , which is taken off the board . If it hits a Pharaoh , that is GAME OVER-even if you hit your own Pharaoh ! The Pyramid or Djed can move a quarter turn -LRB- 90 degrees -RRB- left or right which can change the game . You have a basic set up for the start of the game and can chose up to 3 other starts . Silver always starts first . The side of the board has silver and red squares in a row and where Red can not go on to a silver square and vis versa . Opposite the row colours are two corner squares of the opposite colour and this means that you can block a piece.The side of the board has hieroglyphs on it for decoration.Later you can add pieces to the game to make it more exiting.The strategy takes a while to do but after you get used to playing with the mirrors , you get the idea . Now if I can just get a Khet Championship started for 2010 ! All in all a very addictive game and fun .
 This is an excellent game , from young to old . Gave it to my Brother in Law and he loved it so much he then got one for his nephew . Fun , and strategic !! Do n't miss this entertaining , exceptional and unique game .
 I bought this game for my 11 year old for his Birthday ! I was n't sure how he would feel about it , since he enjoys board games but was n't big on chess or the `` dorky '' games as he called them . He and his friends LOVE IT !! They play all the time and he begged me to get the tower also - which I did and now the game is even cooler!A MUST HAVE FOR THE KIDS !
 When I first viewed the game , my first impression was that it was a great concept , and could rival chess in its strategic gameplay , and overall ability to keep the consumer playing countless games , one after another.Then I played it , and realized it 's much more.The creativity of the gameplay is much more open than chess is . It is far easier to learn the basics of Khet , but is very deep when it comes to mastery of the product . The more you play the game , the more you find it keeps pulling you back in.Every holiday season , my family will now all gather around the Khet board for our own family tournament , and every season Khet always delivers alot of fun and good times .
 I love strategy games , but never liked all the rules of chess . Khet has all the mind challenging strategy of chess , but is much easier to learn . Anyone can learn to play in minutes . Plus , you get to play with lasers !
 Requested by grandson . He played with it the first day , then not so much . I understand he continues to enjoy it .
 This is a great game that really teaches the concept of thinking ahead . You have to balance between offensive and defensive moves . I only wish more than 2 players could play at once . Our family of four ends up playing little tournaments . If we could all play at once , even better . But , do n't hesitate to get this one . It is well worth it !
 This is an interesting game and concept . Unfortunately , I have a lot of friends that do not have much foresight . Due to this , they tend to renege a lot -LRB- against the rules -RRB- , which takes away from the game a little.Overall , it is alright and offers a variety of different game methods . I can be fun if you and your opponent like games similar to chess .
 We gave this to our 12 year old son for Christmas . He LOVES the game and plays it every chance he gets . He even took it to a restaurant to play with his brother while waiting for the food to arrive . It really makes you use your visual and spacial skills along with mental strategy . LOVE IT !
 This is a very fun game . It was easy to learn but it 's challenging to master . It 's very much like chess trying to come up with a strategy and trying to think several moves ahead
 I think this is both a clever idea , a new strategic game , and educational . Like chess it forces people to think about their move and their opponent 's move and to think ahead . It 's easy to get started , and the different setups make it easier not to have the game repetitive . If one person already has a sense of angles and the other does n't , however , it 's going to end quite quickly . The add-ons -LRB- beam diverter kit anyway -RRB- make the game a ton more complex and maybe are required to make the game more challenging for folks that are fairly good with simple angles who are already familiar with other strategic games.That kit may make it too complex for kids that are new to it but it can be used selectively and is not expensive .
 It makes you think really hard - its like chess on crack . Its the new age of chess . I do n't like the form fitting box top which required resetting the pieces in a certain way to put away the game , but this probably provides better protection for the mirror surfaces .
 This game is awesome ! It makes me remember the old tagline from Othello
 This is a family favorite . Since it involves lasers , it 's a really good idea for kids and it 's somewhat educational about geometry . I also recommend the expensionsKhet - Eye of Horus Beamsplitter Expansion PackKhet 3D
 this is a challenging game for anyone and bought it for my nephew who is into robotics and loves it .
 An excellent challenging game , though rather tedious to set up . Not for kids -LRB- or grown-ups -RRB- with short attention spans .
 I bought this as a present for a 7 year old who plays it with a 12 year old . Both loved it.It makes the child think of the consequences of where the light will go next and if their marker gets bumped off.Now 8 my grandson is playing chess as well as Khet . Great for the child who wants to challenge their mind .
 Simple , sencillo y poderoso ... Buen juego que contagia a quien lo experimenta , no importa si es de 8 a & ntilde ; os o de 78 a & ntilde ; os .
 This game requires a level of thought comparable to chess ... it is a very good game ! I would recommendit to anyone who wants to have a game that is a challenge ...
 My sons -LRB- 8 yrs and 12 yrs -RRB- love this game . We 've played it dozens of times since opening on Christmas Day . Really makes you think but is n't too complex for my youngest son .
 May grandson loved this game . He learned to play it quickly and is fun for children his age as well as parents and grandparents .
 I think this game is harder and more fun than chess . Definitely great for anyone who is willing to learn how to play !
 I will start off by saying I have not personally played this game . I do n't really like chess so am not super excited to play . But my son really wanted this for Christmas . I was a little leary of getting it because we have had laser games that did n't work very well in the past and ended up being a waste of money . But there was n't much he wanted for Christmas and the reviews on Amazon were good so I got it for him.He loves it ! Him and my boyfriend have played numerous times since Christmas and they are both addicted to it . My boyfriend keeps begging me to play it with him when my son is n't around . The lasers are very strong and neither of them have complained about having any issue with it working.It also seems to be very fast play . I do n't think it takes them more than 20 minutes to finish a game.And I love the fact that it is n't something that has to be plugged into a TV to play and it makes you think and strategize .
 Bought this for my 9yo who thinks board games are ` lame ' due to lack of action . This game adds the excitement of shooting your opponent with a laser with the benefits of strategy with geometry ! Highly recommend this game for everyone -LRB- my husband and I play against each other as well -RRB- ! I plan to look for more games from Mensa . Who knew learning can be fun ?!?
 This is a fun way to play something similar to checkers and have lazers included . The kids love the lazers and love getting to wipe someone out by lining up the lazers . You do have to be careful and not knock them out of alinement .
 This game is like a modified game of chess ... with lasers ! You press the Sphinx head to shoot out a red beam to try and take out your opponents Pharoah , but be careful , you might accidentally take out one of your own pieces - or your own Pharoah ! As a side benefit , children can learn about light bending with mirrors ! My children enjoy it but the adults are enjoying it as well ! Clearly , it is the type of game that as you play , you get better because you start to understand which way the light is going to bend .
 Saw this on a gadget site and decided to purchase it for my brother-in-law . He liked it a lot , and we had so much fun playing I bought myself one too . Very easy to pick up , and since practically no one has played it , everyone starts at the ability level . Similar to chess , only with freakin ' laser beams , enough said .
 This is a great game for those who like chess but want a modern version of it . It makes a great gift , even for high-tech adults !
 I do n't usually play board games , but this one is not the typical boardgame . Love it ! Absolutely love it ! The game is like chess with lasers , but easier to learn , testing your logic rather than how many years you 've played for .
 I bought this game for my very bright and highly-competitive daughter and son-in-law , and they immediately spent an entire weekend becoming Khet addicts ! My daughter then called me to give a totally enthusiastic assessment of the game , and `` casually '' mentioned that they 'd soon be ready for the 3D and/or `` Beamsplitter '' add-ons . Apparently , this one is a real winner !
 Khet is one of those games that 's easy to learn , but difficult to master . As in many strategy games , too much focus on offense can prove fatal . Unlike chess , the game moves quickly . You do n't need hours to play a few games . Highly receommended .
 This is a great Game . No TV or game controller needed . Just alot of thinking and concentration . I think I saw a little smoke coming from their brains . Such a refreshing change from the mindless TV and video games . Thanks so much !
 This is now my favorite game ! I 'm 44 years old and have always like strategy games . My favorite game has beenOthello , but Khet has taken 1st place on my list . The pieces are much larger than I imagined and very durable . Every move creates new possibilities . It 's very easy to learn , but challenging to master .
 I bought this game because I 'm a very visual person who happens to also love playing chess and wanted to finally find a strategic game I could maybe beat my husband at -LRB- he nearly always defeats me beats me -RRB- . Khet is certainly one of those games that 's easy to learn but hard to master , and I found myself daunted our first two games as my brain and eyes tried to wrap my head around where the lazer paths would go . It is not as easy as chess to anticipate your opponent 's moves and planning ahead is a bit harder as well since a simple change-up of your opponent moving his lazer position from front to side firing can throw off a well-laid plan of attack and move you more on the defense . I find it 's more intense than chess and requires a little more focus , which I love . After the first couple games my brain finally exploded and I was able to `` see the invisible light '' and play this game well . My husband has beaten me twice , and I have won thrice so far . The Anubis guards are probably my favorite pieces since they can only be eliminated if shot from the side and not the front . Positioning them to block line of sight of your pharaoh is the key to a good defense . I am always learning with each game and come on ... you just ca n't beat a game with lazer beams !
 very excited to give toy to my nephew . we had so much fun playing the game !!!
 I do not know why so many of the other reviewers have problems with this locomotive . Maybe they got an early version or something . I received mine yesterday and it runs just fine up and down hills , in and out of curves as well as with and without wagons -LRB- I have been testing it with up to six wagons without problems even on hills -RRB- . The locomotive is much stronger and faster than the smaller battery driven engines . It is also easier to control than these engines as the control buttons are larger . It may be used as a traditional hand-pushed locomotive by switching the last button -LRB- this is also a feature not found on the smaller engines -RRB- . And finally it generates sound whenever it starts moving -LRB- the sound last for about 5 seconds and then it shuts up -RRB- . So , all in all , this locomotive has been a great investment . Check it out if you are running a battery powered Brio railway .
 My great-grandson loved this engine . He has a brio train set at home and Christmas morning was made more wonderful by this engine .
 Pulls a lot of Brio/Thomas the tank engine cars and that is great . Would have preferred the engine without the semi-attached tender . Works better for older children who know to turn their toys off when they are done playing with them . You must use a small Phillips Head screwdriver through the funnel on front of the engine in order to access the battery compartment . This gets tiresome if your child leaves the engine on when putting it in the toy box .
 I rated 5 stars because it is great train along with the BRIO Battery Operated Action Train ; however , both quit running the same day even after changing the batteries 2xs . Hard on a train lover when you have to return item .
 My grandson loved it . He was dancing around , he was so excited . Thanks . He would not put it down , the clack clack and the whistle was awesome .
 A good toy but lacks power . In the hill draws only 2-3 wagons.I like most that it can go back .
 this is exactly what my son -LRB- husband -RRB- wanted ! read the reviews before purchasing about it not being able to get up the hills . we have quite a few hills and bridges on our Brio track set . it is definitely easier for the engine to get up some than others , depends if it has space to gather some momentum - if it comes around a curve then has to go up a hill , it will usually slide back , but the engine will keep trying till it gets up . it will straighten itself out -LRB- we have about 3 rings of track interconnected -RRB- and will eventually get up the hill . same with pulling up other cars - if it does n't make it on the first try it will keep on trying til it gets up . they love watching it go around the various maze of tracks that they set up . well worth it !
 Good toy . Does not pull many cars.However , changing batteries was the most frustrating experience ever . It is hard to find a screwdriver for those little screws.I wonder if it exists at all - my husband has a set of 20 of different sizes and shapes and none matches those screws.I am so frustrated that almost ready to throw it in the garbage .
 My kids love this train . It has lights and sounds , both in forward and reverse . It definitely adds to the fun , instead of only pulling the train along the track yourself . Could n't find it in ANY stores ... ended up getting on Amazon . It was to replace the exact same one we had bought at Zany Brainy many years ago .
 I forgot to mention that you need a long thin phillips screwdriver to put the batteries in it since they go under the smokestack , which is something I could n't find right away & could be a problem if you 've got kids jumping up & down wanting to play .
 This is a great addition to my son 's Brio train set . It is a little pricey , but well worth it . We have had no trouble with the train getting over hills . The smaller , green battery - operated engine , does have less power and would have occasional trouble climbing the steeper hills -LRB- like the hill with the basic figure-8 layout -RRB- . The sounds and lights are a cute bonus.For those having trouble with the hills , you might want to try your track on non-carpeted surfaces . We have found that plush carpet tends to make the track less flat .
 this machine will not go up the hill with more that 3 cars in tow . you are better off going with the light blue locomotive
 I have read the other reviews . I dont ' know if we are just lucky or if things have changed with this train . We have had this train for several years now . It has been a sturdy long lasting train . This is one of the go to train engines in our train building/playing . It will pull other train pieces up hills and around corners . It will not pull up a lot of pieces but four or five it will pull behind him without any problem . We have found it helps to build your train on a sold piece of ground -LRB- like the kitchen tiled floor -RRB- . We have also found it will not take overly sharp corners like some of the fancier pieces that you can buy will make . However , we rarely have problems and my kids love this train piece.The one negative - it eats batteries like crazy.Enjoy .
 I gave this to my 23 month old and she loves it . She loves to push all the buttons to make it go either forwards or backwards . She can play with it either on or off and likes to just push it too . She has thrown it quite a few times and it holds up and takes a beating just fine . It works great with her current Thomas set .
 This is one of my favorites -- it just does its thing all day long.It wo n't pull a super-long train up hills , but it is the BEST engine for testing new layouts that the kids create -- it shows them which turns are too tight , which slopes are too steep , which connections are too sloppy.Notes
 I got this train for my 8 yr old . It was originally a xmas present but came too late . Her initial reaction was `` Is this all ? '' , but after they started playing with it-they played for hours ! It does suck the battery juice but it can be run on auto as well . It also does n't corner well , it gets hung up . but we have not had any problems with it not climbing hills & have even gotten it to pull up to 8 cars.For the money , I thought it was well worth it .
 The batteries do n't last very long and the train has stopped working after a year of minimal use . It still makes the sounds but no longer moves . I love the train but would never spend this much again .
 This is the second battery powered engine that we got for our son 's Brio set . It is a good looking engine that is more powerful than the smaller engine we have . It goes forward , reverse and has a working headlight and whistle . Another good feature is the auto shut-off . After five minutes the engine automatically stops , saving the battery . I ca n't tell you how many times our son had turned on the old engine and then walked away , killing the battery a couple of hours later.We did not have the same experience as some of the other users who complained about the engine 's inability to climb hills . We have two bridges and the engine is able to pull five cars up without difficulty . We do not have the tallest bridges Brio makes however , so we ca n't say that our experience is necessarily inconsistent with others . We have the figure 8 bridge and the draw bridge , and it climbs these easily as long as the tracks are properly aligned and leveled.If you get this engine , expect it to get a lot of use . It uses two AAA batteries . I strongly recommend getting a battery charger and Nickel Metal Hydride recharageable batteries . You are likely to go through half a dozen batteries a week if your child plays with this engine as much as our three year old.This engine is a terrific addition to your child 's Brio set . It brings the train set to life and it is great fun .
 I was completely disappointed at how short of a time it lasted in our house with my 2 year old son . It did not make it up the hills and seemed to lose power very quickly . We had purchased the smaller of the two battery powered locomotives previously so I was expecting a little more quality out of this one . I have to say that the smaller engine was much stronger and more durable than the larger more expensive one . We are going back to the smaller one , which lasted months instead of days . Yet another expensive purchase down the drain : -LRB-
 I bought two red locomotives -LRB- not at the same time -RRB- because I thought that two batteries would be better than one . Wrong . The yellow engine has been the longest functioning . The green one broke down but I suppose this can happen to any toy . The red locomotives are too long , too heavy to go up steep slopes , they often slip . The screw is too far deep and I always think this is the last time I will be able to unscrew it ! Buy the engines instead !
 This is really cute . My 6 year old loves it . The only thing is the bigger dolls do not fit in it . You do get a free doll with purchase .
 It is so nice to see Strawberry Shortcake back again ! My daughter is now playing with them as I did when I was a youngster ! This item is great and you need the other two berry rides to complete the set . the only thing is the larger SSC dolls do n't fit in here only the mini ones . You do get a free doll offer with the purchase of this item . This make it worth the while . I own this item and the cookie jar berry ride . Greta product ! Well worth the money for your childs imagination ! Thanks Again Bandai for bringing her back !!!!! 5 Stars
 These Rides are so great ! They have movement within the toy , so as to keep the attention of today 's youngster 's , but the sweetness of the original Strawberry Shortcake ! I 'm not in love with all of the new products in the SSC line , but these take the short-cake ! Both rides are worth the bucks and fun , fun , fun ! Mine came with a free doll offer ... ca n't wait to get her ! Also adorable are the new wearables !
 I got this toy because I want to introduce my daughter to strawberry shortcake and this one of the toys I ordered , one because its cute and two because I read the reviews and everyone says you get a free doll offer with it . Well the card in the box says the offer expires July 2003 , well it 's October 2003 . So I had to order yet another piece . DO NOT buy this if your looking for a freebie . It is very cute though .
 I was positively amazed when I took these chess pieces out of the box . They are far heavier than I anticipated and wonderfully crafted . The quality of these pieces is much more than I expected for the price.This set is made up of 2.25 inch Pawns , 2.75 inch beautifully detailed Knights , 3 inch Bishops , 2 6/16 inch Rooks , 3.25 inch Queens , and 4 1/8 inch Kings . In addition to the chess pieces , this set came with a black , zippered storage bag , and a nice roll-up black and white board . However , these pieces would look right at home on a nicely crafted board made from some other material of your choice.I plan to order a second set right away !
 I bought the game Disney Scene it ? -LRB- first edition -RRB- for my daughter for Christmas . I was nervous to take a chance , but I purchased a `` In new condition '' from one of your vendors . It was in perfect condition ! My daughter loves the game and we play it often .
 My 8-year old daughter has been asking for this game ever since she played it at day camp this summer . I could not find this game at any discount/department/toy store for under $ 35.00 . I was so pleased to find it on amazon.com for so much less . I purchased it for her birthday , and it was one of her favorite gifts . What 's really nice about it is that both our 8 - and 10-year old daughters , as well as my husband and I , can play it together . It 's good `` family time '' . It 's fun and entertaining . I would definitely recommend this product .
 My best friend and I -LRB- me 12 her 13 -RRB- LOVE playing this game together ! We played for probobly about 3 hours straight a few times ! This game is great ! I had an older version of disney trivia before , and this is a LOT cooler ! It 's great for all ages too ! My younger brother and dad both love it as well as my friend and I. I recomend ages 6 + to play this game , maybe even younger . If you love disney , you 'll love playign over and over , maybe even learn more about it ! The instructions can be hard to understand at fist , but after a while it 's much easier . Very durable as long as you take care of it , tons of fun , just tottally awesome ! : -RRB-
 WE LOVE THIS GAME , WE TAKE IT ON VACTIONS WITH US . MY CHILDREN LOVE IT .
 We all loved this . It 's alot of fun and challenging at the same time !
 `` Scene It '' was purchased for my grandson for his 7th birthday gift . Although he ca n't read all the descriptions yet , with help from another player he does play the game and he really enjoys it .
 The name of ths very exciting game is called Scene It Disney . This game to me is very '' interesting '' . I think this game is very interesting to me because I like the thing 's that they have in their cartoon movies that I 'm interested in like the kind of clips that they play that are on nickelodeon . This game has lots of colorful objects that will make you want to play ; Like the game board that we play on and the dice has little pictures on it to be able to tell us what to do . The movie clips are colorful , but I think theres only one cilp that is Black and White.This game promises you family trivia game cards with magical Disney Clips ! It also promises that you willhave fun and I thought the same thing . This game also promises a DVD and a boardgame . I think the rules are kind of easy because some of the questions I might not know and there are to much . Scene It Disney is more fun when you play with a group because it 's more '' EXCITING AND FUN '' . There is alot more action then just playing with 2 people because it makes the game more boring This game has movie clips like , Lion King , Flubber , Rapunzel Finding Nemo etc. . That 's why it 's also interseting.This game has a remote , two dyes , that are diffrent.I had fun plyaing because it had action in it because we was plying in groups.This game did build skills for me because I learned from the questions that I did n't know . If I had brought this game I would get what I payed for because it came with all the materials.I would play this game again because it has fun and excitement in it . I hope all the people that hear of this game will love to play this game because it is vey interesting .
 lots of fun for everyone
 I think this game is a very fun and energetic game . Iplayed it once and lved it . It is the BEST game I have ever played .
 My family loves this game . We play it with our 4 and 5 yr old boys a lot . I like the combination of the older movie and current movie questions . My only complaint is with the metal character pieces . They are pretty flimsy and we have already broken one which can not be repaired and I do n't know where to buy a replacement piece . Other than that , the game is good for families with kids of all ages .
 We bought this game last year . We have had many hours of fun playing this game as a family . Young and old will both enjoy this game .
 My kids were excited to play it , but lost interest after about the 5th game . They said that they were getting the same questions . As a parent , this is pretty frustrating , especially since Eco Rangers -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- has at least 50 replays . There was no problem with the interface and it was very easy to start , however . Scene It just needs to put more movies into the game and it would be great !
 My eight year old son received this gift for Christmas this year and he , my husband , our six year old daughter and I all played it about five times so far . It 's a nice game to play together for a variety of ages and does n't get too competitive . It 's a challenge to remember the titles of movies , characters , and even offers other challenges such as having to figure out the difference between two almost identical pictures , etc.There is even two ways to play the game , a short version and a longer regular version . You do need to be by a working TV and DVD player , but it is enjoyable and the children tend to get a kick out of seeing the video clues for many questions.I recommend this for a family or group of children old enough to work the remote of the family 's DVD player . -LRB- They even have the rules on the DVD !! -RRB-
 We have kids of all ages -LRB- 8 to 25 -RRB- . Their teen friends -LRB- 13 & 16 -RRB- love this game as well as all my kids . My wife loves this game . It 's a lot of fun for everyone . My 8 year old beat the rest of us -LRB- and several of us know our Disney stuff -RRB- . So the game 's design is balanced enabling younger players to do really well.This is the kind of game that you can play over and over and not grow tired of it . I heartily recommend this game -LRB- unless you never watch Disney movies -RRB- .
 We got this game for our 6 year old daughter . She loves to play it and it is one of the few games that parents do n't get bored playing . The questions and clips are all from Disney movies , many of which she has seen . She actually has a fair chance of winning rather than trying to `` let '' her win , or letting the game get close so the grown-ups are not always the clear winner . Overall , it is a great night to spend with the kids !
 This is our family 's favorite game . We have had it since last Christmas and still play it continously . We can play it for hours . This is great for quality family time and especially if you love Disney as much as we do .
 My nine-year old son and I love to play board games . The problem is most games are for more than two players . This works great with only two and we both enjoy it . I hope they make another DVD to add on .
 We bought this over the Thanksgiving Holiday to give us all something to do . Our 8 year old creamed all the grown-ups and we all had a blast . Easy to get the hang of and fun for all ages .
 This game is almost impossible for my 4 yr old to play , and VERY challenging for my 6 yr old . It 's a challenge for my 8 yr old in a good way . There are LOTS of the trivial questions that we do n't know , and believe me ... we know kid 's movies ! My 4 yr old & 6 yr old get very frustrated because so many of the trivials are too hard . We wind up having to go through them until we get to something even close to one that they can understand . All other aspects of the game are clear and the instructions are well defined . It 's LOTS of fun when you are able to answer at least 1/2 to 3/4 of the questions/challenges , but you 'll patiently have to search for ones you might know or this game will get old , QUICK .
 I played this game with my friend . It is alot of fun for all ages . You will love this game if you like Disney movies . Trust me , it 's not as easy as it seems for some of the questions !
 Our granddaughter loved this game , and now we 're going to buyone for our other two granddaughters for Christmas.Thanks from , Grandma Teresa
 I got his for our family right before we went on vacation and we played it a # of times while on vaction . It was great fun for the family and could be played by my five year old and the adults with 2 sets of questions to work with . I highly recommend this game.Norman Brown
 My husband , boys and I have enjoyed playing Disney Scene It . My boys , of course , know more about the movies than their parents , but we still have a lot of fun playing .
 This game is absolutely wonderful . I got it as a gift for christmas , and I dont know when i 've enjoyed a present more . I strongly recommend this game for `` kids '' of all ages . Its fun and challenging !
 This game is fun thank you it keeps my wife and I entertained and the only ne we did n't have thank you
 We love playing this game as a family ! It is my 5 year old 's favorite and he asks all the time to play it .
 I ordered this game for my son 's 9th birthday and even though he is a boy , he remembers all the disney movies from when he was younger . Even my 12 year old son saw how much fun we were having and wanted to play too ! It is a very entertaining fun game and it was in great condition when I got it !
 I LOVED THIS GAME !!!!! i couldnt stop playing it !!! its a great game for the family or friends !! ITS SO AWESOME !! I LOVE IT SOOOOOOOO MUCH !
 This is the best game I have ever played !!!!!!!!!!!!! I played it six times in the first two days I had it
 This is so much fun . This is great for all ages , They designed it with different age group questions . I think the reason I like it the most is because it is not your typical board game . You never know what question or movie clip you will get . I would recommend your child be able to read if you play a two player game . Although , you can improvise . The Best .
 I grew up watching Disney movies , so when the Disney Scene it ? came out I was so excited . I also own the Harry Potter Scene it ? Both of them are excellent . I would highly recommend them . Scene it is a pretty easy game to understand , you answer questions on either video clips or regular questions . There are about 3-4 categories you can get to answer questions on the cards . Then you also have my plays and all plays . The my plays just the person who rolled plays while in all plays , all the people play and whoever shouts out the answer first wins that question . The best thing about this game is it is for all ages , i 'm in college and love it , but I also play with my mother , and friends alike . I have not yet played with children , but i 'm pretty sure they would enjoy it as well . Personally I love this game , I own both the Disney one and the Harry Potter and am now waiting for the FRIENDS scene it ? to drop in price.The only problem is trying to find people to play with you when you know all the answers . : - -RRB-
 This is such a fun game . I play it with my younger sisters ages 12 & 13 . They love the game ! Every time they come over they beg me to play it . It 's really easy to play they give great directions both on the DVD and in the instruction pamphlet . I gave it 5 stars for education because it has to do with memory and quick thinking .
 Really enjoyed playing Disney Scene-It on family game night . Some of the older `` classics '' clips like `` Pete 's Dragon '' were easier for the young-at-heart in our family , but not recognizeable to our kids -LRB- pre-teens -RRB- . I can see how the DVD clips would get a little stale after a while . Maybe the makers of Scene-It should consider partnering with some of the video-on-demand companies to provide more varied clips . Or online at the Disney website.A great trivia game that our kids enjoy re-playing .
 I got this game for my birthday and I love it ! me my sister and my friend played it and we were laughing and having a great time . this game is great for any age and it has old disney movies and new ones . buy this !!
 This is a great game ! While most of the questions are incredibly easy -LRB- this is a game to play with kids after all -RRB- , Disney fans will find it immensely satisfying . The game uses trivia cards -LRB- very similar to trivial pursuit -RRB- and dvd questions and clips . This is a great way to get reluctant friends and family interested in going to a Disney resort , since even people who do n't think they know much about Disney can compete , and sometimes even win ! My boyfriend and I got it to curb our Disney cravings , but now I plan to get it for my brother 's family as well . The collapsible board also makes it fun for both a full evening of play , or a quick 15 minute ice breaker .
 I played this game with my grandchildren ages 5 and 6 and while some of the questions were a little too hard for them , we kept the game light and did not focus on who was winning or rolling the dice . Before long they were both up and standing in front of the TV anxious to see the next clip to try to recognize the film and answer the question . If it was an older Disney film that they did not recognize , we talked about what the movie was about and if we might want to try to find it to rent and watch . The 6 year old could read most of the questions himself but we read them for the 5 year old . Because they did not always know what the question would be , they really payed attention to the scene and picked up on small details in it . Of course they preferred the dvd questions to the trivia ones because they enjoyed watching the movie clips . I recommend this game highly , expecially for Grandparents to play with their grandkids because winning the game does not have to be the focus .
 First of all , I am a huge fanatic of the original `` Scene It ? '' game & the sequal pack , but when the Disney version came out , there was no turning back as my wide eyes went wild with happiness.My entire family absolutely loves movies and with the original , the categories can deal with any genre -LRB- ex
 My son -LRB- 10 -RRB- got this for his birthday . We have played it almost every night for the last week . It 's such a great family game , easy to learn how to play and it is fairly quick to play . I only have the one child and he could play this game by himself . It is equally fun for him and us . I would highly recommend this game . I ca n't wait to buy some sequel packs . We truly enjoy this as a family .
 We LOVE the Scene-it games and we now have all three versions . It is a fun , family team game that everyone can enjoy . It is easy to set up and control with your regular TV/DVD remote.I only have one complaint about the Disney Version . I purchased the Disney version at Thanksgiving so that my youngest -LRB- 6 years old -RRB- could have a better chance at answering the questions . Unfortunately , while the Disney movies are age appropriate , some of the on TV questions still require the game player to be able to read . Like the other versions there are written on screen questions , unscrambling titles and wheel of fortune style answer guessing . A six year old still needs assistance in playing the Disney version . The toy maker should have added verbal dialog to the DVD and had the qquestions read aloud for the sake of the younger players .
 The Disney Scene It game is now the highlight of our family nights . The kids absolutely love it -LRB- ages 4 and 6 -RRB- . My husband and I enjoy playing as well , for Disney makes it an `` all ages '' type play . They use movie clips from old , old movies , as well as the brand new ones . So all ages can enjoy it and still be competitive . This game has already become a part of our children 's childhood memories . I highly recommend it .
 The Disney 's Scene it is a game that everyone can enjoy . My husband and I have just as much fun as my 5 year old . Some of the clips you can answer without actually seeing the movie . You just have to remember something about the clip . It does take some time to play , but there is a short version . My family loves game night and we have a blast with this one .
 I could n't wait to get this game I was so excited when it was finally in stock at Toys R Us . I got the game and played it right away . I was rather disappointed when the game started repeating clips and questions . It started repeating them the 4th time I played so that is a bad point about the game , that the fun did n't last as long as I had hoped . There are good things too . I had n't seen some of the movies it mentioned and seeing the clips about them prompted me to see the movie . I also think this is really a game for all ages . I have a lot of cousins and we all played it together . Everyone had fun even the adults . The funniest part of playing with my whole family was that my grandpa had the most fun . Overall I think this is a pretty great game to have and I am looking forward to sequels of the game to come out . ~ * ~ A.M.T ~ * ~
 My 3 yr old actually wanted this I thought she maybe to young but being a fan of the orginal Scene It Game I wanted to try it . My husband and I had so much fun playing the game with her . She loved the clips from the movies as well as my husband and I . It is a wonderful family game that everyone has fun playing . Even Daddy : -RRB-
 We purchased this as a gift for my 9 year old son ... but our teenagers like it as much as he does ! We play as a family , with my son utilizing the `` kids '' cards and the rest of us struggling through the harder questions . For folks who grew up watching the Disney classics and then watched the new classics with their kids , this is a LOT of fun ! A bit more variety in the clips would be great , but so far we 've not been bored at all !
 Disney Scene It is a game for the whole family ! If you are a Disney buff , like myself , you will truly enjoy this game . One thing that I really liked was once we played the game all the way through they came out with Scene It ? Disney Super Game Pack DVD Game , which is just new questions for the game . It was a game that the adults and kids like to play .
 I bought the game for my friend 's daughter and she just loves it . It 's on her must play daily list .
 In this electronic era it is nice to have a game that involves the whole family . It is played on the DVD player and that keeps everyone interacted and entertained . This game brings the whole family together in a way that brings such joy to my heart . The whole line of Scene It games do . We play them all the time ! My kids from , 4-17 , get all their chores done so we can play them before bed . The Music Scene It gets my husband and I blasting back to the past and my kids saying , no thats our songs ! Just too funy . Must get these !!!
 I bought this game for my two dughters -LRB- 9 & 4 -RRB- since they both are crazy about Disney and spend most of their free time infront of the Disney channel on TV . At first i thought they would have fun playing it with their friends , and as expected , the first time we played the game was a few days ago when we had friends over who had kids the same age as mine , and they had an amazing time , but the surprizing thing was that while the DVD was running on the TV the parents started to slip into the game each in their kids team and became very vocal from the excitment that they almost forgot about their kids and it was as if they were the ones really playing the game . It is clearly a game for all Disney lovers of all ages .
 It 's great . It 's easy to play and appropriate for all . It has fun Disney clips and questions and is interesting for all . Highly recommended .
 Great game for the family . Also great at younger children parties . Lots of fun for the children and brings back memories for the adults of old Disney movies.Highly recommend it !
 Wow ! This game is so much fun , I can hardly believe it ! You get to plug it into your TV and when it shows scenes or music from a Disney movie or character , you have to figure out who or where it is from ! Very visually fun as well as exciting , with everyone wanting to shout out the answers ! The whole family can get it on this one !
 We play this game at home with my 5 year old daughter , and we all absolutely love this game . We love watching movies , and now seek out older Disney films so that we can know the answers to some of the more obscure questions -LRB- I guess the Apple Dumpling Gang is before my time ? -RRB- . The only drawback is that my daughter ca n't read yet , so she gets frustrated when there are spelling games or other questions that need reading . This game is very interactive and tons of fun - we have been playing it for over a year and have only gotten the same questions a few times .
 This game is sooooo fun . The all play is my favorite . If you have a little child who gets bored easily of board games , he 'll love this one . They show little movie clips , there is lots of pixie dust and sparkles on the screen too for entertainment for him too ! I would really reccomned this game to everyone .
 I got this game for Christmas and my family loves it . The kids and I play it and my Husband plays the judge and runs the DVD and reads the cards . We all have such a good time together playing .
 Good fun with education in mind . Not the best but good for the choices that are out there.Graphics are n't very good . I have a three year old that has fun and a 8 and 10 year old that will play it as well .
 I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this puzzle . Good chunky pieces that the little ones can handle and all tidies away into a great little case . Well worth the price and makes a great gift for toddlers learning their association and coordination .
 our 3rd crocodile creek puzzle - we ca n't get enough . our 2.5 year old loves these puzzles , we just ordered 2 more . they are fantastic .
 I bought the sea animal and the Horses `` floor puzzles '' to give as gifts and they were instant successes . These days , kids no longer get this kind of toys , so they are always curious about them . The fact that there are so many different themes makes them all the more attractive . I highly recommend them !
 This is a wonderful learning tool and a beautiful puzzle . My son loves all the puzzles that this company makes and it gives him great pride to do them over and over.I love the case that it comes with for easy storage and organization .
 I have a 4 year old autistic child who absolutely LOVES the pool . Unfortunately , he loves to constantly dip his face in the water and makes it hard to take him for a swim since it very draining for me . After trying many different things out there on the market , none of which solved that problem , I found this baby float.It is a well-designed , well-built item . Plenty big enough for his 38 # body , it only allows him to stick his face in the water that is in the mesh , therefor he is not able to stick his entire head in the water . It allows him to kick his feet and move about in the water on his own free will without allowing him to go in face-first . The only problem I have with it , since he is bigger than it is really designed for , he is able to tip to the side . He has never gone all the way over , but he certainly tries , so I have to keep him within reach at all times . But the simple fact that I can take him in the pool , stick him in the float and allow him to happily move about in the water is a true Godsend , until he is able to be taught how to hold his breath properly .
 I have very pleased with the baby spring float . It is the safest baby float I have found . It will not tip over like some floats . Also my baby loves it !! She likes to sit in it . I have tried several others and this is the only one she will sit in . I highly recommend this float .
 We have gotten a lot of use from this floatie . We will pass it on to a friend when our son grows too big for it .
 A good product for the money . Sturdy and safe . Babys like it , I think they feel safe .
 My 10-month-old daughter has been using this float since she was 8 months old . It is far more sturdy than other floats she has tried before . I feel much more secure about her not falling out of this . The other float tilted over to the side and this will not allow that . However , she can dunk her face in the water if she tries , so you do have to be right there to make sure the baby is okay . We have an absolutely blast in this and I love that she can actually `` splash '' around in the water . The mesh area also makes for a great place for her pool toys .
 My son loves this float . I love this float . It took about 3 minutes to blow up and I feel that he is secure in it once it is blown up properly - I slightly underinflated it the first time and was wary of the product but now that we blow it up fully , I have no concerns . My son is 13 months old and loves splashing in the water that comes up into the mesh between the rings . He has put his face into the water a few times -LRB- but still the float stays stable and upright -RRB- and we are trying to use these times to teach him to blow bubbles `` like a motorboat '' so that he will learn to exhale and not inhale eventually . This float will not let you leave your child unattended in the water - nor will any float !!!
 Our extremely active son is 15 months and 22 pounds . He did very well in this float and seemed to enjoy himself . We put a couple of toys in front of him in the mesh part so he had something to play with . What I like about this float is that he sits deep in the water and not high up like some of the other inflatables .
 Our 15 mos old seemed to enjoy floating around . I could see how some little ones would be able to free themselves as some reviewers mentioned , but so far , we have not had a problem . Our daughter liked splashing and even tried to blow bubbles while seated in her toy . It 's nice how she can be `` in '' the water .
 I purchased this item for my one year old son . He just loves to float around in it . The only thing I do n't like is that he does n't stay sitting completely upright all the time so he is able to put his face in the water if he bobs forward hard . He loves the fact that he can splash the water with his hands and have a few floaty type toys always within his reach .
 I got it after I had already started taking my baby to the pool with water wings on . I think she enjoied the freedom of movement . It is a great product if you start with it . I sold it to a new couple at the pool , there baby hated the water so I let them use it and he LOVED it !!!
 We put our son in this as soon as he could hold his head up . He loved to be in it , and loves the water . I 've recommended it to several people .
 I used this float with my 16 month old and she loved it . The mesh was a great place to keep her toys in front of her and not floating away , and also a great place to splash her hands . Some of the big floats do n't allow their hands to reach into the water . While we were eating lunch a group of 12 year old boys started goofing off in it and diving and it did n't break or tear !
 We just received the float today , and we went straight to the pool . I Love the float BUT my baby is only 13 months -LRB- 3 months preemie -RRB- so he might be still a little small for the float . A friend had lend me another float which he did n't like because he was n't able to splash the water . This one is GREAT he loved it . The problem for me was that he Loves to be in the water and gets really hyper and he kept drinking alot of water . He was so low close to the water he kept trying to drink water -LRB- which he did many times -RRB- and I had to take him out . I love the float , But I think it will be better for little bigger babies .
 This float is perfect for babies ! It is the most stable float that I 've seen . My baby feels secure enough in it to kick her legs and splash the water with her hands . Unlike other boats I 've tried with my two children , this boat does not obstruct her vision , so she can see all around her and enjoy being in the water .
 We 've been huffing and puffing for 30 minutes . Finally figured out to puncture the hole inside the valve as it was sealed shut and not letting the air in !!
 Our ~ 30lb 18 month old loves it . It floats him perfectly and it is a lot more durable than the cheap yellow Intex thing .
 Very good quality , great finish , it 's just as shown in the image and as stated in the specifications . I highly recommend it .
 I have an indoor spa and wanted a seat for my 7 mo. . She loves this one , by summer she will be using this in the pool , best price , great product , shipped fast !
 I take my 2yr old all the time to the pool . He loves this float toy . I get alot of comments from other parents . Amazing for the price . very hard to flip . holds balls and other toys well in the netting within my sons reach .
 Nice and sturdy baby float . The double inflatable rings make this float very stable in the water while baby is in it .
 I had borrowed a similar item from a friend when my daughter was an infant last summer and liked it so much that I bought one for us for this summer . This gave her a whole new world to explore in the pool without me being draped over her . She was also able to better interact with other kids .
 We have used this several times and so far it is great . It seems much more durable than other inflatable baby toys . It seems like my baby has gained a lot of confidence being able to maneuver himself around some in the water . I also love the carrying case , very convenient for storing it . This has freed up my hands so I can help my other kids while keeping baby by my side . This was n't the least expensive floatie but I think it will last a lot longer . I 'm very happy with it .
 I have two of these , this one and another like this but has a canopy . They are both excellent for my kids . I have used this for four of them in the pool starting around 6-9mo . That said , around 18mo , I have them graduate to wearable floating devices so they can move around freely.Overall , this is very safe since it 's impossible for the kids to tip this over . Additionally , this has survived several years and four kids so I know it 's durable .
 I read a bunch of reviews when shopping for a float for my 19 month old and this one seemed to fit the bill . He does n't swim yet and has tubes in his ears , so he ca n't get water in his ears . This float keeps him above water -LRB- the water is at chest level -RRB- , I can put his toys and sippy cup on the rings , he can get himself around , ca n't climb out of it and he 's happy . it 's easy to just throw the float in the car , no need to deflate . The only drawback is that it 's a bit tricky to get my son in and out of the float , but I do n't know how that could be fixed . I definitely reccommend this float .
 I could n't get any air into this with my compressor , and blowing and squeezing the valves was giving me a headache . Ultimately , I had to use a piece of metal to pop open the flap at the base of the each inflation valve , which were sealed closed . After that , the toy 's great .
 I bought this floatie for my 16 month old son who WEIGHS 30 POUNDS ! Yes that much . This floatie kept held up up with out any problem what so ever . Its extremely strong and durable . The only thing that was bad about it was my son leaned over the edge and almost tipped over , I got him before he went under but its something to keep an eye out for - especially with older , more curious babies who are interesting in splashing and playing . : -RRB-
 my baby is 10 months old and fits very comfortable in this , the fabric that covers it is great quality and is very flexible and easy to inflate , but not to easy to fold back in the original shape to fit in the bag .
 It let 's you have your baby with you in the pool safely without the restriction of holding them all the time and let 's them explore the water as well
 We were very pleased with the quality of this product . It was delivered promptly . Our grandson loves the swim aid . It is safe and stable . We would recommend this product to those who have a young child who enjoys the water .
 I bought this item before my son was born . My son is now 10 months old and he used it for the very first time last week . I can not understand what the previous reviewers are talking about ; water over the head ? Children climbing out ? For children 6 yrs and older ? Some reviewers thought they didnt have to blow it up ?? Wha . . ? ??? Water over the head
 This is a wonderful floating device for our 1 1/2 year old grandson . He is able to sit in it without having any bulky or hot vinyl separating his arms from the water . It 's perfectly stable so there was no worry about it tipping over . The mesh allows for child to keep a small toy within reach . Surpasses anything else I 've seen for this age group . Highly recommended .
 We bought two of these 3 years ago . While other floaties have come and gone , these have stood the test of time , going through 3 children ! We have never had to patch these floats , they fold into a nice small circle , and it 's super quick to inflate them . Our second child was the only one who ever figured out how to climb out , but we were never out of arm 's reach , so this did n't bother me . Our youngest is 2 this Summer and she loves this float . When she is not dead set on trying to swim , she kicks her feet and makes herself bob like a cork and it just makes her sooo happy . I would definitely recommend these . For the price , you 're getting a SUPERB product that will last more than a single Summer . If we lost ours tomorrow , I would n't hesitate to replace it ! Hands down , this is the perfect float !
 Or girls ... My son got this when he was just 4 months old , it held him gave him the feel of security , while allowing him to get used to the water and allowing myself and his dad to have our arms ! It was great the year we used it . He 's gotten a little older now , and this past summer , he would n't use it , he could n't get where he wanted in it ! I found it great for him while still a baby under the age of 1 , but by the age of 15 months , he wanted his independence and to go where he wanted to . His head would n't go in the water with this one though and i helped him learn to slowly put his head in the water . He still does that now ! It was a great buy and one that I would buy again over and over !
 After reading the reviews , I could n't possibly understand how a baby would , or could , climb out of this contraption while in the water ... but folks , it 's TRUE ! Mind you , I did n't allow that to happen but if they get enough weight on the front end , it 'll hike up the back and they think they are getting out when they are only putting themselves in a bad situation and a face FULL of water . Not good.All things considered though , I do like this float but would recommend it 's use with a few suggestions ... 1 . Put baby into seat BEFORE getting into the water and especially if they wear swim shoes as they make it impossible to get the feet in the right holes .2 . After you get them in the float and in the water , you 'll need to `` adjust '' the straps that go through and around the legs ... I found that if I did n't make sure the straps were riding ON the swim diaper , his legs were exposed to the straps being tight on his skin .3 . Blow this sucker up as much as possible ... do NOT under inflate or it will put a lot of water where it 's not wanted .
 We bought two - one for a 1 year old -LRB- 15lbs -RRB- and another for a 20 month old -LRB- 35 lb -RRB- . We also tried to use it with a 4 month old -LRB- 13 lb -RRB- . The only baby that actually could use it was the 1 year old . The 20 month old kept on throwing himself out of it -LRB- he 's a monkey anyhow -RRB- and ended up not wanting anything to do with the float . The 4 month old was just a little too short and could put her face in water in the seat area . The 1 year old had an absolute blast !
 I purchased this for my 20 month old son . He is about 24 lbs . and this is perfect . He sits low enough that he ca n't climb out -LRB- not that we 're out of reach -RRB- but it 's much safer than those that sit higher up on the water -LRB- ... i.e the car float -RRB- . It 's completly compact , folding in on itself and has a mesh carrying case . It weighs maybe 1 lb . wet and I just cant say enough good stuff ... oh yeah ... it 's cheap !
 We just went to the beach with our son and bought this at Wal-greens for the same price . I had read the reviews on here and decided that I wanted to try it . Our son is almost 7 months old so I can not say how it would do for a younger baby . The age range listed does not recommend it for a younger baby either . Our son enjoyed this float and it was nice to be able to hold onto it and float with him . It does put the baby more into the water than the typical inflatable baby float so you want to pay close attention to your baby of course . Keep in mind what other reviewers have said about the baby 's ability to lean forward in this float . My son was able to get his face into the water at times but this float is recommended for an older baby and would give you the ability to get several months of use out of it .
 This year my baby girl was old enough -LRB- 16mths -RRB- to have some fun in the pool , so I spent considerable time doing research on a good pool float for her . After reading many positive reviews , I decided to order this one , and was very pleased with it . My daughter was able to splash in the water , and while she did try to crawl out of it a few times , that usually happend when she was tired of being in the water anyway . It was easy to inflate , and only took a few minutes of effort to deflate for storage . Tip , practice a few times twisting it up to put away , it can be kinda tricky . Overall , I would definitely recommend this product
 Borrowed a floatie like this while on vacation and had to get one once we got home . It is really roomy and has a mesh lining , not plastic like many others .
 First I want to say to any of you who used this and were disatisfied had to to have used it improperly or your child was not ready for it . I read all the reviews before we bought this and most of them were over 50 % positive , so we gave it a try . And I 'm glad we did . To the gentleman who thought he did not have to inflate it . . How did you not see the blow up valves underneath ? and how could of you even have put your child in the device if not inflated?The only thing I can say to buyers is your child has to be a few months in to holding his head up . From parent to parent I would suggest using this device once your baby has been sitting up on his own for a month or so . It is designed for babies 9 months to 2 yrs.This device was great . Our daughter loved it . We were able to feel comfortable to have our hands free while she was in it . As always we must be near them at all times . You never know when the odd thing could happen and put them in danger.To any of you who are looking for a great device to use this is it . For the price it is great quality , stable and you will get your use out of it . We love it and hope you and your family will to .
 This float is perfect because of the way it sits in the water . My son is able to be a little more independant , but at the same time he 's surrounded by the water . Also , we take him to an area where he can wade-its like a walker for the water ! We all love it ! Everywhere we go , people ask me where I found it .
 This is the 3rd floatation device that I have bought for my 1 yr . old . Out of all of them , this one is by far the best ! In the blow-up boat , she was n't in the water enough . In the swim-sweater she did n't stay upright . W / this one , she was completely happy & I felt great b/c she was having fun & was also staying upright in the water . The baby can lean over & touch the water w / their face but I did n't have much of a problem w / it .
 My husband and I went looking for a good baby float and came across this one , we immediately chose it because we both love our adult spring floats . Yes it is true they can put their face in the water but as long as you are there its not a big deal , I mean how else are they going to learn how to hold their breath ? I love it and will definitly be using it next year for my son who is 9 months right now !
 Figures as the summer ends I find something better right.my 7 month old has been through 2 other floaties this summerthe second one is still intact but he keeps trying to splash the water and making the floatie tip . I know I 'm rightthere but it is so scary knowing he can do that . My friend has this one and her daughter is able to splash to her heart is content . I 'm buying this one for next year
 I bought this for my 1 yr old son and he loved every minute he spent in it . Very durable and guaranteed to be alot of fun for your child ... well worth the money ! All the other mothers with children my son 's age all said they should have bought this one instead of the floats they had !
 I got this for my 9 month old who loves the water . He will play in this for hours at the pool . He puts his head inteh water and blows bubbles . He can splash on his own and have a ball . This is the best baby float I have seen !!
 I have 11 1/2 month old twins who love this float . They can put their hands in the water and splash where most floats for their age you can barely touch the water . They do put their heads in the water but they do that when they take a bath . I just see it has a way for them to learn that they need to hold their breath when their heads are in the water . I like it because it will actually hold me too . I can lean on it and not tip them over . Its Great !!
 We recently went on a trip to Florida and this Float was at the pool side for babies to use . It was great for us being that I have a 22 month old baby boy that was constantly in my arms in the water . Once I put him in this float he loved it ... He was able to splash in the water with no problems . He even tried to swim with it . This float gave him the liberty for movement around the pool . I would definitely recommend this product to everyone . In fact , now that I 'm home in NYC , I 'm going to pick this up for my little guy to use again . He loved it so much !
 we played with this float 2 times so far in a pool , our 8 month old feels safe and independent in it . I feel that she will be able to use it for a year or 2 ! she is going to have to keep a hat on in the summer when using this float -LRB- kinda wish I got the one with canopy . No risk of tipping over in it like other tube floats
 This is great for babies and toddlers in a deeper pool . Keeps them stable in the water and gives them some independence to play/move on their own .
 We had a hard time folding it back up . The main problem was getting it to deflate . I am sure we just did n't do it right , so it would n't fold back up with air still in it.My 1 year old daughter preferred a baby boat with an attached toy bar she could chew on and play with , but her 1 yr old cousin tried this float and enjoyed it.The child sits down in the water pretty good - which is nice for keeping cool . It seems to be quite stable , as a result . I will continue to use this float with my baby girl and see how she likes it as she gets a little bigger .
 I ordered this raft late in the summer hoping we would get more use out of it . My one year old loves the water and gets really hard to hold after a while , she never wants to get out . Although she tried to climb out of this raft , unsuccefully , she seemed to enjoy it . She was able to splash in the water and kick her feet . We could still play motor boat and twirl her around . I gave it 4 stars because you still have to blow it up and deflate it and I do not know how long it would last if used heavily .
 We looked everywhere for this float after borrowing one while swimming at the lake with our 11 month old . The nice thing about it is that it provides a safe and comfortable ride while allowing the child to be right in the water and splash around . We can swim right alongside and spin him around or swim underneath to come and suprise him from the other side . We do n't have to worry much about the water being too deep because the float is so stable . I would say the only drawback is that while it inflates fairly easily , squeezing all the air out and collapsing the float can take a few tries . I would recommend this product to anyone with an older baby who wants to take their child for a float in calm water .
 I was on a quest to find the BEST floatie for my 8mos son ... and I finally found it . It costs a few more dollars than other floaties but this is by far the best designed and the most comfortable floatie . I highly recommend it !
 My son -LRB- 14 months -RRB- likes this - it makes him feel as if he has more freedon than he really does . Be careful though - they will always lean to one side - and it appears to be able to flip - although it has n't - and its not like you through them in the pool unattended . Great device for kids who love the pool
 I got this toy along with the Kiddie See Me Sit float for my 9mo daughter and she really likes to splash around in the lake in it . The double rings are nice because some of her little float toys can sit in the netting for her to play with . The only option I would like for it to have is a shade , but we ca n't have everything . Overall , it 's been a great toy to have fun in the water with , and I feel safe when she 's in it .
 My son did n't really like this at first , but after a couple of times using it , he really seemed to enjoy being `` on his own '' in the water . We stayed close at all times , but we did n't have to hang onto him while he tried to wiggle around , which made it for for everyone to be in the pool . He actually almost fell asleep in it twice !
 This baby float is fantastic . It is so stable you do n't have to worry about it contantly flipping over like other types of water rings . The mesh helps broaden the base of the float and this is the feature that provides extra stability . It is comfortable for the baby and she can be a part of family activities in either the baby pool or `` big '' pool . We highly recommend it .
 I was looking for a float for my 10 month old and came across this . I took it tot he pool and she liked it well enough . It is sturdy and feels safe . I would recommend it to anyone looking for a float for a young child .
 We have used our Baby Sprint Float many , many times . It has been a wonderful took for getting our little one familiar and comfortable with water . Our best success has been at our public swimming pool . Our lake experiences were either too choppy for safely floating or too cold for our son . Our most recent experience with it , my son leaned forward and blew bubbles . You see if he leans back , he can just lounge . If he leans forward , he can be active , moving his feet , his hands and blowing bubbles in the water.Now , my son is a big boy . Very solid , strong and thick . He fits in this swim aid no problem . Even now , at 16 months , he is still comfortable and it keeps him well above the water with no worries.This is a great tool for teaching your child about water and swimming .
 This is so much fun . My daughter will just sit in it kicking her feet . And i do n't need to worry about her safety when I am with her in the pool . Love it !
 Blow it up and put your child inside . We have had one for both of our daughters and they help get the baby engaged in the pool experience . Helps them adjust and lose their fear . Also gives the parents a chance to swim .
 I bought this for my 17 month old grand-son and he loves it , it works very well in the water , can not turn-over and has room to lay toys for him to play with , I am very happy with this item , can not find anything like it in the local stores . Thanks .
 We recently purchased this float for my 8 month old daughter . We first tried one of those big inflatable raft types , and she hated it because she could n't reach the water with her hands . When we got the spring float , we were anxious to try it out . As soon as we put her in it , she loved it . We were able to put a few of her toys on the mesh in front of her , and not only was she able to reach them , but they did n't float away . And more importantly , she was able to splash the water , which she loves . And she sits low in the water , so she gets a good dunking on those really hot days . My only advice is to watch carefully over the littler ones -LRB- which you should do anyway -RRB- , because there were a few times that my daughter leaned forward and was able to drink the water -LRB- now I keep a hand on her belly from underneath to prevent this -RRB- . But other than that , I have no complaints . We love the spring float and highly recommend it to anyone who wants their baby to enjoy the water .
 Baby Spring Float works well , even with a 5 month old baby -LRB- under parent supervision , of course -RRB- . He loves to splash the water that accumlates on the mesh net between the two ring floaties .
 We recently bought a pool and seeing how it 's nearing the end of selling pool supplies finding a float -LRB- in the stores -RRB- for my 1yr old was becoming a hassle , I just ended up buying a boat for him . He enjoyed the water but after being in the boat for 10 mins . he was screaming to get out . I just didnt think swimming was gon na be enjoyable again , because if he is n't happy nobody is happy . Being in the boat just was n't working for him , he was sitting above the water and everytime he 'd go to put his little hands into the water the boat would try tipping over . After spending a couple hours searching for a different float I came across the spring float . I loved the way it looked and the fact that there was room for his pool toys to sit out in arms reach . We decided why not give it a try . I was alittle nervous putting him into it for the first time , because of people saying that babies can `` crawl '' out of it or the float can tip over . Once we got him in there he went crazy with excitment , he loved it ! Finally there was something that would actually put him down into the water . He has never once tried climbing out of it or never has the float tipped over . This is the best float ever , and I would surely recommend this product to anybody .
 I bought this float for my 1 year old , but knew my 2 1/2 year would want to use it too . This float is perfect for both . I like that the child can reach the water to splash without having to lean over the float . Older kids at our pool also played with it , and it supported them when laying on it , or floating with it . Would recommend this float to anybody with kids 8 mo. 's and up . Wish I would have bought this before I bought all the plastic ones !
 The whole family likes this float . It seems very safe , our daughter feels comfortable in it , and it 's simple and easy to use . What more could you want ?
 I do n't consider this a toy . It 's just what I need for a 1 yr old in the pool . I was using a baby carrier . This is great .
 I love this thing . My 9 month old is kinda bigger then most his age and he fits great . Does not tip over and great carring case . folds up well .
 According to the manufacturer this toy is for 6 YEARS and up ! Fun for OLDER kids !
 This is a must with infants ! This is my second floating device like this ... the first one we lost ... so I was happy to find this one . I just used it with my infant and she had so much fun . It is well made , fits conveniently in the case it came in , and is easy to blow up .
 I bought this for my grandson in our pool , and he loves it . He can just float around and do his own thing .
 I like this float ... and I like it better than the kid with the shade because the shades tend to get in the way . I just do n't go out when it 's too shady or do n't take her out for very long . This is sturdy , but the leg holes are somewhat small . My daughter has almost outgrown it and she 's 14 months . Granted , she 's chunky ... but just a warning on that .
 I purchased this swim aide because of the product description , the most important being that the baby could touch the water and it would n't tip over . I have used similer products in the past , and they DID tip over ! Several panic episodes with them . The baby swim float does not tip over ! My baby can splash in the netted area between the floats and can easely kick his feet . He paddles all over the pool and can actually play with the other kids because he can go where he wants . Of course you monitor them at all times , but we have had no panic episodes with this product and the baby paddles around like a little duck and happy as a clam . I absolutely love it and so does he !
 Works great , and very durable ! what I like the most is that is very comfortable and adjust to the body of my 18 month old son , easy to put air on too !!!! money well spent
 My son who is going to be 2 soon simple loves this float . He hates getting into our bath tub and used to cry a lot . So when i came across this float on Amazon i wondered if it will ever be used , but just gave it a shot and Lo and Behold ... . it was magic !!!! my son sits in it in the pool and keeps singing to himself . This float is pretty sturdy and doesnt topple . And the netted area between the 2 concentric tubes makes it all the more fun as the water becomes reachable for the kid to play and splash but at the same time keeping him safe :-RRB- He is hyper active when inside the pool , jumping crazy and stuff but still the float stands sturdy !!! The air seems to go out if not used for 2-3 days , donno if its common or not , but i have a balloon pump that comes in handy . i recommend to parents who want their kids to like water : -RRB-
 We bought this originaly for my daughter 4 years ago and now I 'm using it for my son who is 6 months old . He is big for his age so it might not work for smaller infants . I love that it is almost impossible to flip over and really durrable . I could never get it to fold back up though , but we have used it every day of the summer for almost 3 years -LRB- it was not used last year -RRB- and we have never had a problem with it . I highly recomend for anyone who wants their children to have a good start in the pool/lake . My kids both liked that they could still splash in the water because it has netting within easy reach . I have bought three of these for my friends who want to introduce their kids to water . You will never find a better floatie that you can trust to float every time you blow it up and that is hard if not impossible to flip over . It is so worth it .
 We still had our boat float from last year when our son was an infant , and he HATED it ! We saw this at a friend 's house , and he absolutely LOVED it ! It allowed him to sit much deeper in the water than the boat where only his legs were submerged . He was also able to lean forward and splash/blow bubbles between the two inflatable circles , which he thought was fantastic!OF COURSE you still need to be within one arm 's length of your child at all times when he/she is in the water -LRB- that should go without saying ! -RRB- , but I feel very comfortable with my son in this float.HIGHLY recommend !! -LRB- And this from a former lifeguard/swim coach -- it 's a GREAT float ! -RRB-
 I love this floaty for my son . Its great for travel and no clumsy . We used it for my first son who is now 4 and my newest who is 11 months . After 3 summers in the pool the blue is unfaded and it still looks new . Other infant floatation devices we have purchased do n't even make it through a single summer.I will say that this is meant to be used w / constant adult supervision , but I think that is a given no matter which type of infant flotation device you pick out . Yes , my son can bend forward and get a bit of water in his face and I 'm sure if he were determined enough he could dive out of it , but when you are right there playing along side of him it is a great toy and does exactly what it is intended to do.This was one of my best buys !!
 We bought this to use with our one-year-old . She loved it , as did our three-year-old ! I believe there is a weight limit somewhere in the instructions , but our older child really wanted to try it out , so we carefully put him in , and he was floating just fine ! He weighs about 35lbs . This product , unlike others I saw -LRB- like this one : Intex My Baby Float -RRB- has the mesh between the floats , which allows the child to feel and splash the water . My daughter loved to be able to kick and `` swim '' on her own , while being perfectly safe . We , of course , were never far from her , but she had freedom of movement , and so did we . She did manage to wiggle enough to get her nose in the water in front of her , which you should keep an eye out for , but my daughter found that even more entertaining than the splashing!The quality of the product is great . It was very easy to blow up and then deflate when done . We have used it in hotel pools and in lakes . After it dried out , I could easily fold it back up to its original size and put it back in the carrying case it came with . Using this , my husband was able to take both kids swimming at the same time without worrying about one being left behind . It 's great !
 My daughter loved that she could have the water right in front of her . In the plastic toy floaties that we used before , she could easily flip over . She also used the larger ring to hold her toys , otherwise they float away . I used it for sunglasses and so on . It comes with a convenient storage bag with straps and can easily fit in a beach bag or diaper bag . I personally felt that this was more secure than anything else that we have used.She started using it when she was not yet 1 and she quickly learned that you can not dip your head in the water . She is a fast learner and she started learning to hold her breath and placing her face under water . She enjoyed it very much and now , she is 3 , she is an excellent swimmer that is able to hold her breath for a long time . Due to the part about children dipping their heads in the water , I think it is more for the independent child and thrill-seeker , that my girl turned out to be . I think all mom 's know what type of child they have so , you may want to keep that in mind you are looking at purchasing this item .
 I tried a blow up plastic boat type float for my baby , but he was always having to reach way over the side to splash into the water , causing him to tip . This float is nice because of the mesh around the seat , which allows the baby to splash without having to reach . Because it is wide , it is very stable .
 We bought this product for our 10 month old . Our older son was a bit testy in the water , so we were nervous about trying ANOTHER floatation device . We bought this float at Wal-Mart for a bit less and our younger son LOVED it . He could splash a little in the water that pools between the inner and outer inflated rings , but so far , has not done anything like climb out . He can dip his face in the water that collects between the inner and outer ring and there 's just enough for him to blow bubbles in . Thankfully , he has n't sucked any water in , but I suppose a baby could . But then , that 's why you stay with your baby in the water!After seeing how much our younger son liked it , we decided to give it a whirl with our older son . He is 2 and a half , but small for his age and fit easily into the float . We have tried life jackets of all kinds and other floats , but he also got scared and would n't let go of myself or his dad . With this float , he felt safe and confident enough to kick his way around the pool and play `` Bumper Floats '' with his younger brother . Now they float along , splashing , kicking , and giggling together and we love it ! It was worth buying 2 to see the 2 kids be able to play together and feel safe in the water!It took a few times to figure out how to fold it , but after I got it , it was pretty quick and easy . I loved that I did n't dread deflating it to store it or put it in the car . It really is that quick and easy ! Even though you have to inflate and deflate it every time , it 's not terribly time-consuming and it does n't require so much air that you get light-headed blowing it up . I will say that the valves on both of ours were a bit testy - they do n't seem to come out very much , so your mouth is on the `` fabric '' part a lot , as opposed to being on all plastic , as with most inflation valves.Just a side note - I would n't say it 's an educational toy because it does n't teach your child to swim , but I did n't want to hurt the overall star rating , so I gave it a 5 anyway . In the long run , it may help our older son swim because it gave him more confidence in the water , so who knows ? : - -RRB-
 I like this pool floatie A LOT . The only thing that annoyed me with this purchase is that thru Amazon , it does n't tell you there are several different patterns it comes in . It only mentioned the blue dolphin pattern . I bought this for my son and we got a green one with flowers on it . That was quite disappointing .
 I purchased this float for my 10 month old daughter to use on our vacation to Myrtle Beach , SC . My daughter is a good 25lbs and the float accommodated her chubby legs and tummy very comfortably and held her in safely and securely . I was even able to hold on to the float and swim around with her . The mesh enables her to splash around and enjoy the water . The mesh also maintains the child cool in the hot sun , unlike the plastic brands that get hot under the sun.I recommend this float over the `` Swim School : Deluxe Baby Boat '' which I also purchased .
 This is a great floatation device that allows baby to explore water without tipping over . The mesh seperating the tubes is an ideal location for babies toys . Love it !!! Also , helpful to know that I use it on my 8 month old son .
 This float was super stable , portable , and fun for both my one-year-old and my three-year-old in the pool . And since it folds up very small it did n't take up much room in our suitcase ! I would highly recommend it !
 I bought this for my Granddaughterwe went to Sanibel together and spent 1 week there and were in the ocean alot!this kept my granddaugher safe in the ocean even when the water was roughI did n't worry that she would slide thru or flip overshe loved being in the ocean with us !
 In an interview about the cantina scene , Mark Hamil famously described Kitik Keed ` kak as a `` giant cricket . '' Unfortunately , the tech crew never really got this alien down well enough for a close-up in the movie , but you can see him in the background . I was excited to finally see a figure of this guy to add to my cantina scene . When Kitik Keed ` kak get his own figure , you know that Hasbro has made figures just about every other alien . As such , this guy is great for collectors.The figure itself is somewhat stiff -LRB- like the prop used in the movie -RRB- . He ca n't bend his arms much or turn his head . Also , the stand says `` Attack of the Clones , '' even though Kitik Keed ` kak only appears in `` A New Hope . '' However , the detail and painting are great for collectors . He stands well enough to ask Wuher for a glass of cricket juice -LRB- or whatever he drinks -RRB- . I like this multi-pack with Wuher and Dr. Evazen as well . I already had them , so I really bought it for the cricket . However , the bar and stools are pretty well done -LRB- not just paper or cheap plastic -RRB- . Too bad it does n't fit in that 1997 paper cantina diorama I got a few years ago .
 The apple stickers were the actual size stated and were shipped very quickly for a preschool craft that I needed them for at church that week .
 These were perfect for our need . We used then as envelope seals on red envelopes for an invitation to an apple-picking event !
 When my son was about 8 , he recieved and engineer cap as a gift , Thirty and many repairs later , it wore out . He loved the gift of this new hat at Christmas .
 This hat fit my husband 's head snugly , but it fit -LRB- he has a huge head -RRB- . It is of better quality and worth the extra $ 4 vs the cheaper hat that we purchased on amazon and promptly returned for being way too small . This will be great for our little one 's bday party .
 My son had a presentation in school and needed a hat that would fit his head , all the children 's hats are too small for him . This was perfect ! Great service ! Fast shipping ! Would order from this seller again !
 I found this by scanning the bar code of a friends hat . We got the package quickly and it was exactly what we ordered .
 Well made , just like the original caps back in 50 's and 60 's . Delivered on time .
 The blue engineer 's cap arrived within a week 's time . It is durable and well-made . I would purchase this again .
 My 64 year old husband has been a model train collector since age 10 . He finally has a train room and layout but had no engineer hat . Now he does and is happy as a kid playing trains . That hat was just as he dreamed .
 This hat has gotten me more compliments then I thought . One man who worked for the telephone company told me how to press it and starch it to make it look better . Thank you
 This is great for kids , too , especially if your little one has a head too big for kids hats . Give it with a train set and you are ready to go .
 a good quality , not cheaply made product , bought for a gift and it is better than we thought it would be
 This is a good product for the money . The plastic is the thickness I expected , not really thick like youd expect in expensive versions but not so thin that you 're afraid it will be torn if dropped in the driveway . Probably good for one full summer of swimming . The kids loved them , they were all at or below 30 pounds . It seemed like a slightly bigger kid would have been ok in the turtle but not much .
 My 3yo is pretty tall for his age -LRB- think 5 or 6 year old height -RRB- and our pool is fairly shallow so his legs touch the bottom when sitting in this ... but he still loves it ! We put him in it and he 'll just hang out and slowly move around the pool . We 'll also put him in butt-first -LRB- with legs hanging over the sides -RRB- and pull him around and he loves that , too . We used a similar one last summer at a real pool and it held up just fine . It has seemed to lose a tiny bit of air -LRB- my son asks what 's wrong with the tail because it has lost air and falls over -RRB- but not enough to worry about . My son is right at the weight limit -LRB- at about 49 # -RRB- and there are no issues with it . I 'd recommend this product .
 We bought this for an upcoming vacation . we were going with another family and wanted the kids -LRB- both 2 years old -RRB- to have something fun for the pool . This was prefect ! its not too big but definitely not too small for them . Its very sturdy - lasted 2 active toddlers -LRB- and sometimes the occasional adult -RRB- and still looks like new after 8 days vacation . Easy to inflate and deflate - overall a great pool toy . We also bought the `` Max Liquidator Eliminator '' -LRB- basically a water gun that does n't look like a gun but more like a pool noodle -RRB- and the kids loved sitting on this float and spraying each other with water.One note - we wanted the kids to have the same design so they wont fight over it . I ended up ordering 3 instead of 2 and got 2 tigers and one hippo so colors so vary but it seems they might only have 2 different kinds .
 I bought two for my grandchildren who were visiting from Alaska . Not too many swimming opportunities up there ! I received a snail and tiger and both were easy to inflate , kept their firmness , held the kids in place , and were toddler friendly . No sharp leg holes to cut their tender skin , the vinyl is strong and I was surprised at the durability during a toddler `` chicken fight '' -LRB- ok , grampa and friend were `` ramming '' the kids into each other -RRB- . I feel these tubes are safe and are made of a good , strong quality . I love them both and would certainly buy again . Right now I do n't have to , because they both are holding up quite well . I recommend this tube if you have a toddler who is afraid of water and does n't know how to swim . As an extra precaution , I will add that both grandchildren wore `` swimmies '' on their arms , too . I love this product .
 I ordered 2 of theses , I have small grand kids and these are great for them to sit in and play in the pool .
 We received a turtle and our 2yr and 4yr old enjoyed `` swimming '' with it last summer in the pool and lake . They even like to pretend it is a car and play with it indoors . It is holding up well .
 My daughter used this a few times in the lake at our summer place - holds up to her rough playing , and her friends love it too !
 These floats are completely adorable . My daughter looks so cute floating around in her little tiger , and she loves wading around the baby pool in it . Lots of smiles !
 My 4 year old got this for his birthday party a few weeks ago . It has been his favorite toy . The plyers it comes with are ideal for little hands and after awhile little supervision is needed . He has come up with some pretty neat creations . Really instills creative play .
 I absolutely think it is wonderful that they have brought back Strawberry Shortcake . I am 27 and have a 4 year old daughter . I just last year pulled down my old dolls for her to play with . She how has everything that has come out ! She plays with mine and hers together and thinks that it is really special that she plays with the same toys `` Mommy '' did at her age . Today 's Strawberry Shortcake dolls are different than the old ones . They have an updated body face and wardrobe that is actually easier to play with than the old ones ! Finally , a toy that bridges two generations together . One thing I will tell all of the parents who ca n't wait to be taken back to childhood by the smells of their favorite dolls is that Angel Cake does NOT smell the same . The doll that once smelled of vanilla cookies now has the aroma of coconut ??? Oh well , we still look forward to the arrival of all of Strawberry 's other friends !!
 I am very happy to see my six year old dughter play with the same doll that I love as a child her age . She is having alot of fun , as much as I am going back to my childhood . I got her the entire collection , as my mother the to me .
 ANd she loves this doll as well . She received it this past Christmas . And the Day after Christmas she was hospitalized for Pneumonia ... this is the doll that she took to sleep with her ... and it did n't leave her side the whole hospital stay . It made her feel more comfortable in a horrible situation ! She has now been home 2 days and is STILL playing with it .
 WOW !!!! When I was little I was a HUGE strawberry shortcake fan . I had virtually everything they came out with . I am so pleased that now , I get to introduce my 5 year old daughter to strawberry shortcake . I got this as a christmas present for this year ... But i do n't know if I am going to be able to wait that long ! She is just adorable ! She loves strawberry shortcake and she likes it that strawberry shortcake likes everyone ! This doll is sure to please any little strawberyy shortcake fan !
 I think Bandai had a great idea in bringing Strawberry Shortcake back . And it 's too bad if some people do n't like it because it 's letting little kids today know about Strawberry and her pals . The thing is , now they have new fashions , like the ones today . Anyway , this doll is CUTE . The outfit is adorable . I like the hat .
 This toy is very fun to play with . Homer moves his hips and head to the music . So much fun my kids are not allowed to touch Homer .
 Could n't believe how durable this was , especially for the price . I had bought one from a big retail toy store for triple the price and it was so cheap and flimsy . Very happy with this product .
 I got this for my 6 yr old grandson along with Melissa & Doug Magic Set . It was worth the money ...
 The magic wand was the most wonderful gift I could have given to my brother-in-Law . He is enjoying the heck out of it . He told me he always wanted one so I bought him one for Christmas .
 I bought this for my nephew with a magic set and a hat . He was so excited when he opened it . He had a great time entertaining us off and on the rest of the day .
 Plastic but sturdy great for the imagination well priced child enjoys playing with it came quickly and would buy again
 It was a good basic wand for a young magician and it came without tons of packaging . I was pleased .
 This is made well enough and has also been used as an orchestra conductor 's baton as well as a magician 's wand by my 3 & 5 year old grandsons.The educational value is in the form of creative play for the children .
 I got this for my little cousin because he saw that I had a magic wand and I did some basic `` magic '' tricks and he was amazed . He actually thought I was a wizard for awhile . I got this for him as a way to induct him into the secret world of wizardry . He loved it . Of course I had to tell him that the reason why his wand could n't do magic was because he was not born with the gift of magic .
 I think this is perfect for the childs imagianation . This is perfect for beginners that are about 6 to 10 . It is a fun item . I am giving this wand to my grandchild in his easter basket ! would be a good stocking stuffer too . Keep that in mind when you are thinking of buying soemthing fro these occasions
 I got this for my 3 year old son & he quickly learned how to zap objects & it was only a matter of time b4 he used this against us ! One day he wanted to watch wow wow wubbzy while we watched baseball & kazow ! Now we ask 4 help & get us out of this glass jar !
 My husband is a magician and our grandson wanted a magic wand like Poppys so he could do magic also . He is four and when he first tried it he said `` it does n't work '' . His mom told him to use his imagination and he has been making `` magic '' like taking a `` trip '' with his parents to Israel to see the King , Jesus . So sweet .
 This is a great item , most magic sets come with real cheap one and this one is made great . Glad I found it and amazon had it .
 this toy was the best !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Because every magican needs a magic wand . when i frist used it was the best because it makes magic tricks so tricky when you are useing this wand .
 I ca n't believe it ! what a great price and the other reveiwer must have not read about it . This item is a great add on to all my magic tricks . Magicians always need a magic wand and I use this when I perform my magic . I am going to buy more at this price .
 My sons wanted these because they love magic . As most kids do , they had their fun with it , then it ended up on the floor with the other already forgotten toys . It served it 's purpose though , and functioned as a toy magic wand should . At least for the short time my boys were playing , they felt like they were great magicians . I could see that sparkle of `` I 'm so cool ! '' in their eyes ... And anything that makes my sons feel great about themselves gets a great review from me . : -RRB-
 This is not a bad wand ... I bought it as a gag to use at work when asked to do stuff that has unreasonable deadlines ... It 's plastic and hollow but solid . The white ends do not line up flush with the black body unfortunately ... but it 's more evident to the user than observers ... It is cheap though ...
 We had searched all the local stores for a magic wand and finally found it here . This product was inexpensive and does the job . I now have 2 little magicians at my house .
 This is simple and very necessary for any budding magician . For the price you ca n't go wrong . Children love to point it and wave it in the air . Adds that touch of drama to the whole performance . No batteries or pieces to put together just good old imagination .
 My granddaughter has been using a stick while she pretends to be a magician . This little wand is perfect ! Good price , too !
 My son is just 19 mo old and not really talking well , so Mom has all the fun of recording new announcements each day -- he loves to play them back . He loves to push first my announcement , then the train sound button every time he pushes a train past the station . The stationmaster figure is a cute lego type figure , and he loves to put that behind the door . Its also articulated so you can pose it.The light though is not very visible in a well lit playroom . Overall , its so much better built with real painted on features than some Thomas buildings he has which have peeling decals after a month of use ...
 This is a great addition to any wooden train set . Offering a little more `` play value '' than just a standard station ... the choo choo sounds and record & play function are a hit with my family.While most of it is plastic , it 's very well built and sturdy . The audio -LRB- record & playback -RRB- is actually pretty good for a toy like this -LRB- clear , good volume , etc -RRB- .
 We must have owned this product for about 4 years now and the voice recording part is as good as ever . My children find it hilarious fun recording messages , songs and other sounds for the station announcement . It is very simple to do so even 3 year olds can master it . You can record again and again.With two boys who have hundreds of Thomas related items -LRB- my youngest son is even called Thomas because of his older brother 's Thomas obsession -RRB- I would rate this as our second best purchase ever.There are four easily operated buttons on the top of the station . The far right button switches on and off two station lights . The next button operates a steam train sound - a very realistic steam train slowing down into the station noise . The far left button plays the sound you have recorded and pressing down this button plus the button next to it while speaking records your message.It fits onto every kind of wooden track we have
 my son loves it , good addition to his train set ; however , the little green door is keep coming out , other than that - great toy
 Have had this puzzle for about a year now . It is holding up really good!The case is great , nice and sturdy -LRB- my 1 year old likes to stand on it -RRB- . The handle and latch are also nice allowing my kids to learn how latches work . And the puzzle fits in the box nicely , unlike some big piece puzzles that are a pain to get back in the case , my 3 year old can put this away on his own . The case also promotes putting things away since it is so different and easy to carry -LRB- I just make it part of the puzzle going experience -RRB- . The Puzzle itself is very nice , with very nice artwork . My son has learned where our families have come from . It started with learning what they lived next to , for instance my wife 's family lives next to Mount Everest . Then after awhile he learned that the Mount Everest is in Nepal . This was a fun way to learn about different countries .
 It was great for my 3 yr old . Played for over an year . I donated it and hope someone else is enjoying it . It still looked new after 1 year .
 My 5 yr old daughter loves doing this puzzle . It really develops a global awareness and has peaked interest about world cultures .
 I love Krusty ! I have two so I can piss my wife off in two places . Worth the money . You will love it !
 My son is 2 years old and he jumped right on his new horse and rode it for 15 minutes - that is a long time for my son to play with one toy . He likes the soft coat of the horse , so I do recomend this spring horse over the hard plastic horses that are also for sale . The talking feature does intrigue my son , he sings along with the horse as he rides and he likes to feel the horse 's mouth move when he sings . Now , for the dads ... this horse is not that hard to assemble . The four metal bars fit together to make a solid frame with eight bolts and from there , it is just a matter of putting the wood rodes and springs on the horse . The instructions are well written and you should have no issues . I 'd say it took me 15 minutes , and that is with my son 's help so you should be able to do it by yourself in 10 minutes . This horse seems to be well made and all the parts appear to be quality . I do n't have any hesitation in recomending this toy .
 My grandchild enjoys this horse . I bought similar hobby horses for my children but they were hard plastic . The soft stuffed body makes for a different `` kind of animal '' here . She can cuddle and sometimes watches her favorite shows my cuddling its back . It 's also smaller than the the hobby horses in previous generations . I like the spring covers too .
 My 18 month old granddaughter loves it ; however , my only complaint is the springs are so tight that it takes a lot of effort to make it rock and bounce especially for a young child .
 The horse seems sturdy but to the person who said it took 15 minutes to assemble they must be superman . My husband and I just finished putting it together for Christmas and it took us at least an hour . The instructions are horrible and the springs are a nightmare to hook together . We never did get the `` safety '' hook in . ADVICE
 I bought this for my 2 year old grandson and he loves it . He plays with it all day every day . He can be rambunctious and so far it is holding up nicely . It took 2 people to assemble .
 Santa brought this toy for my 19 month old twins and they love it ! Very cute and fairly easy to assemble , `` Lightning '' has quickly become a member of the family . He gets good night kisses each night and several rides per day .
 I ordered this for my son 's 2nd birthday and it was a huge hit . Both him and his 3 year old sister like to play on it .
 My granddaughter , age 1 1/2 loves this pony . She rapidly learned to squeeze its ears and make it sing.It was a little difficult to attach the springs , we found that twisting them to connect and then returning them to the level position required really helped . One of the wooden dowels cracked when we were assembling it and I emailed the company about it . They sent a new one within a few days and we had it in time for Xmas , after all ! I felt it was really good customer service . The pony is nice to touch and it moves its mouth when it sings . Makes us smile .
 My 18 mo old grand daughter loves this horse ! she can get up & down on it easily , she is 22 # , and loves to feed him ! My only complaint is there is NO padding on his back where she sits -- GOOD THING SHE HAS A DIAPER ON , you can feel the wood block there .
 I have twin 2 year old girls that love this horse . The fact that it is soft like a stuffed anamial and that the mouth moves seperates it from the rest of the spring horse 's out there . Now if I could just stop them from fighting over it ...
 My 22 month old loves this horse . He dances to the music when he pushes the ear . He rides it like a little jockey . It is loads of fun for him . It is just as fun for us to watch him . Great price !!!!
 Our almost 2 year old LOVES riding her pony . It does take 2 people to put it together , but is very sturdy . The volume is not too loud like some toys . Overall , I think we like watching her as much as she likes riding it !
 I purchased this item for my 2 yr old daughter . She loves it ! She especially enjoys the song the pony sings . It was $ 20 cheaper on Amazon than ToysRUs . It was a little difficult to get the springs into the holes . But an excellent toy I know she will enjoy for years to come !! I highly recommend for the little ones .
 Not to tricky to assemble . The hardest part was figuring how to get the spring covers on correctly , as the instructions were pretty sketchy . It 's a pretty solid piece of work , and the toddler loves it . Wish you could adjust the sensitivity of the receiver so it would not make noise every time you pass by .
 gand daughter loved it , she loves the sounds it makeswas easy to put togetherliked the safety strapswould recommend to others
 Granddaughter rides and sings constantly . Can ' t get her off it . She loves itthe songs are cute but after awhile I wish the batteries would n't ' last so long .
 My two and a half year old loves this horse . She needs a bit of a boost to mount it , but once in the saddle , she rides for quite a while , happily pinching the pony 's ear to listen to its chirpy little riding ditty over and over again . And again . And again.The pony 's voice is that of a happy child ; a welcome departure from the cartoonish adults that pipe out of Fisher Price 's myriad speakers . However , the pony 's moving jaw is rather alarming and its eyes ... oh , its eyes . Cold , dead eyes that stare into the abyss . Something is just not quite right about those eyes.To be clear , my kid does n't have any fear of the pony , and she 's a kid who is a bit easily spooked by the uncanny valley , so this is n't a warning to prepare for screams of terror when you finally get the thing assembled and present it to your child for the first time . Rather its a warning for the parents to maybe give the pony a wide berth if you 're sleep deprived , tipsy , or otherwise vulnerable . It may , in fact , haunt your dreams.Kids love it ; highly recommend .
 My son is a year and a half and has a serious thing for horses . So he was elated when he received this gift . The springs are pretty tight , but my son is huge . Anyway it 's not very bouncy but is certainly serves it 's purpose . Now for the real review ... When you press the horse 's ear the horse sings it 's little song in a. ... flaming `` alternative lifestyle '' voice . Which is cool . . to each their own . Kid 's do n't care or know and it 's funny for the parents ... the first 100 times you hear it . I just thought you should know !
 My 2 year old loves this horse . She 's not too sure about some of the noises he makes , but she likes to `` feed '' him as his lips move while he sings .
 I brought this horse for my two year old Granddaughter for Christmas and she loves it . Dad , complained putting the horse together was a bit difficult , but the end result is wonderful . She loves the fact the horse sings and his mouth moves when he talks . Too cute . It 's really safe , she can climb off and on by herself . She loves this horse . I would recommend to anyone looking for a rocking horse .
 Horse was hard to put together and needed super strength for the springs . I think the insturctions need to to better thought out for the novice putting this together .
 This game is wonderful for my 33 month old daughter . She is a HUGE fan of the Backyardigans -LRB- esp . Tyrone -- she ca n't / wo n't go to sleep w/o him -RRB- . The game gives her a sense of independence when she is playing b/c she is learning that but moving the joystick & hitting the buttons she can chose what the `` adventure '' will be . She just thinks she 's playing a game when in reality she is learning too . When they make the letters at the airshow she is beginning to recognize them & will call it out before they say it on the game . She loves the singing & dancing they do in order to get kids up & exercising . I love the fact that it keeps her entertained for more than a few minutes giving me precious time to do things I need to get done around my house .
 My son asks us very often to put on the dvd . He can not get enough . He really enjoys playing with this . He follows the instructions as they give them a delight to watch and he is only 19mths
 the person I bought this from had a couple games that I bought from him they were cheap and brand new still in the package and they are great for christmas :-RRB- cant wait for my daughter to get to play
 My granddaughter loves this game and uses it all the time . While I was afraid it might be too young for her , she seems to find it entertaining and fun . Because it is one of her more favorite shows on TV , it also keeps her attention because she knew the characters prior to playing the game and was able to relate to them right off .
 It is a fun game but did n't seem to keep my daughters attention and backyardigans is her absolute favorite show .
 I bought this game for my daughter hoping that she would start playing with her Little Leaps system more . Let 's just say , IT WORKED !! Every night before bed we play and she 's learned opposites and learned even more animals and what sounds they make . And there is even a little dance she loves to do !! I love watching her have fun and learn at the same time !!
 These DVD 's by little leaps are educational for little ones and they are short enough that children will watch them and learn . Sadly they have stoped making them and are hard to find .
 Steiff has made this classic bear forever it seems , and in our family generations have gifted the next with these very wonderful bears . Please do not change one thing about them -- the folks who gladly pay your prices are a conservative bunch when it comes to bears !
 Actually , I did not get this for the kids , but for me . I use it occasionally to look at things that I need to magnify such as circuit boards or other small items that I can then import to my pictures as a jpeg . This provides me with a history of those tiny things that I have been working on in my hobby shop .
 I bought this for my son 's third birthday . He really enjoys hammering the nails and taking them out again . This toy keeps his interest for long periods of time . Great quality , great fun .
 My son loves trains and trucks and wheels ! He 's only 22 months so he does n't quite understand the subtleties of Thomas the Tank Engine 's track layout or putting together Brio 's tractor set . But , I do ! The best part is that he watches me put together the tractor in many different combinations and he 's learning that the pieces come apart and can be put back together . I watched him trying to put a wheel in one of the holes , wrong place of course , and succeeding to get it in halfway.The Tractor set is very sturdy and well made , just like their trains . The only complain I have is that they do n't include any extra pieces , so , if any of the connectors are lost , we 'll be in trouble.If you son loves trucks and wooden trains , this toy is a natural .
 My two year old loves this table ! It is just the right size , and she can use it independently .
 I got this set for the exclusive Senate pod . It 's a great diorama piece for all of the Senator figures in the Star Wars line . I got a few for my Chancellor Palpatine , Bail Organa , and Orn Free Taa . The Clone Troopers are pretty well done and , while there are better versions , they hold up surprisingly well when compared to modern figures . However , the Sidious and Yoda are pretty obsolete . Yoda 's not a horrible figure , but lacks the detail and cloth cloak of the Vintage version . Sidious is basically a stiff statue . It 's actually not a bad ROTJ Emperor figure given that we do n't have a modern version , but it lacks all but the most basic articulation . Also , the blue lightning coming out of his sleeve is pretty silly . Overall , the Senate pod is the highlight of this set .
 fun to use with Star Wars and GI Joe action figures to create multiple scenarios and situations with your imagination
 Bough this for my nephew he 's 4 . It 's the easiest trick and one of his favorites .
 I bought this for my 6 year old . He absolutely loves it . It was easy for him to learn . He had shown this trick to many people . It 's a easy to learn and entertaining trick .
 My daughter who is five , loves mysteries ala Scooby-Doo received this as a gift . It was a big hit . Requires parental interaction ... she asks to solve a new mystery almost daily . We hide the clues -LRB- written in invisible ink -RRB- , she takes pretend pictures and catalogs them , brings them back to ` the lab ' for analysis , even interrogates our cats and dog showing them her ` badge ' . The crime scene tape is fun , too . Requires imagination . However , for the contents and quality should really be priced under $ 20 .
 My son loved this casting kit and wants more . It is easy and fun for them to do . I recommend casting kits for kids .
 hard to get this telescope out the door when put together . could see the bands of jupiter no problom with its moons . no red storm need a 3.5 or 4mm . 3.5 will max out the effective power , 285x . I have a Orion Planitary 3mm 333x and jupiter was blurry but bigger just could not focus it all the way . have a Orion 6mm lens and it works very well Clear as a bell , you want to get the higher end lens makes a difference on this scope the wider the field of view the better because this has such a high focal lenth . the included 25mm lens is relly good quality , wide field of view relly sharp image perfect for looking at the moon best image I have seen SHARP . the scope is almost to long for the tripod if the moon is straight up you are on your knees . need a short chair to sit in no big . The tripod is really solid BIG works great on the high power.to bad Celestron does not sell cases or covers for there stuff ? what China run out of factorys ? Going to get the tracking motor and camera next to take advanage of what this tripod can do . I have a 45 degree correct image prizam also and it did not do well on high power lot of Glare around the planet like solor flares the included 90 dgree prizam does not do that and is a mirror image but works great . and the finder scope is upside down and mirror image with crosshairs , not to happy about the fider scope but not used to it -LRB- upsidedown -RRB- .
 This was a Christmas gift for my 6yo nephew . He started playing with it right away and has really enjoyed it . He had fun fingerprinting family members !
 These stickers are wonderful . All planets there , including the Sun and Pluto . Made cupcake toppers out of them for my son 's 7th birthday party and they were a big hit .
 These are very nice stickers about 1 inch square , so a good size , not too tiny or too big . All the planets and the sun are about the same size . It does include pluto which is labeled as a dwarf planet . Neptune and Saturn have rings , the planets are very realisitc .
 I have used these stickers in the past , but local retailers no longer carry them . I was thrilled to find them .
 It was very hard to find real to life planet stickers for the kids to add to their notebooking journals . We were very excited to find these : -RRB-
 Better than I expected they look great . I hot them for my son 's . Space party gift bags . Also to add to invitesso many and a great value
 My five year old daughter and I had a great time building this crane construction set . It 's very simple to build and all parts and tools are included . This kit by Brio is similar to the Bob the Builder kits they put out a couple of years ago , though this edition seems to be more flexible and lacks the character tie-ins . With the crane construction kit , you can build a piece of equipment , play with it , then tear it down and build something else . Instructions are included to build three different cranes of your choice .
 I bought this last Christmas for my 7 year old daughter , who is horse-crazy and also likes to make things . The wood is so lightweight that you can make refrigerator magnets from the horses . She had a lot of fun making these and gave a couple of her creations as gifts . There are suggestions on how to paint them or the child can use their own ideas . I would buy similar kits again .
 My daughter -LRB- 5 -RRB- got this for Christmas and liked it a lot . In fact , it was the first toy she played with . The horses were fine and there was plenty of paint , etc. . Just do n't expect that this is going to take a lot of time . Young children will probably slap some paint on the horses and that will be it .
 I bought a few of these kits to use for a birthday party for my daughter turning 7 years old . I had all the kids paint one of the horses that they could take home . I also bought the Horse Stable and Corral kit and had all the children attending the party sign the roof . It was a really fun idea and now we have a fun reminder of who came to her 7th birthday party . The horses come in all different shapes and are made out of a nice wood . The paints are very good quality and are great horse colors . It was amazing how well they turned out being painted by 7 year olds . I definitely recommend this kit to anyone who loves horses .
 I gave this to my 5 year old daughter for Christmas . I would probably recommend it for older children if you care about the finished beauty of the horses ! However , we loved coming up with different patterns for each horse and she still plays with them a year later . Paint brushes are not built for fine detail so if that 's what you want I recommend buying another brush for such things .
 I bought this for a 6 year old girl who loves horses and painting . The product was made of wood instead of cermanic so it was unbreakable . There were several models to paint and she really liked it . Only problem was those little paint screen with makde it hard to open ... but a lot of toys hav this and you could also use your own paints.ds
 Good price , and buy . Have purchased several Mary Meyer Plush toys for our grand kids they are soft , safe , and always loved .
 Our daughter got this as a gift before she was born . She fell in love with it at around 4 months . Now she 's 17 months and the lamb goes with her everywhere , literally . She just ca n't take her hands off of it . The problem is that it 's only surface washable so it 's in really bad condition many months ago . So probably it 's not the best choice for babies . . although you can just order a backup one like we just did :--RRB- It 's still absolutely worth it .
 darda are great fun and no batteries ! just keep them off the carpet becuase eventually the fuzz will clog up the gears and you 'll have to replace the `` engine '' or chuck it and buy another
 I was surprised to take this out of the box and discover that the blue part of the shovel is painted metal . It makes it a bit less desirable for my 1.5 year old , but I 'm certain it will be durable and last until he is slightly bigger and can handle the weight of the shovel better .
 I purchased this trick for my 6 year old 's Halloween costume -LRB- magician -RRB- The trick is great ! but it comes with a very cheap plastic box with a metal disc glued to it . . the cheap plastic box was smashed in the shipping . We replaced it with a metal box that we had . . and it was great fun .
 What a great magic trick.My child uses it over and over works great.I am glad i let him get it , he has become the magic boy in the nieghborhood .
 This easy magic trick was the hit on Christmas night . My two nieces -LRB- 5and7 -RRB- both were able to perform for an apprciative audience .
 My granddaughter has decided she wants to do some magic tricks and at 5 years old this one is perfect ! Very cute and this trick works very well .
 This is an easy and fun first trick . My four year old got it for Christmas and he LOVED it .
 Bought this for my 4yr old nephew and he loved it . It 's the easiest magic trick .
 I suggest you purchase this magic trick . I got it today and it 's great ! It works really well . It 's a really good beginning magic trick .
 I mainly purchased this item for the magic wand . -LRB- My 5 year old had been wanting one for some time now . -RRB- I came across this item and figured , hey it has a wand AND a magic trick ! And it was prime , so the whole deal including shipping cost me about 6 bucks . And it was worth it . My son loves the magic wand and we both have a fun time doing the magic trick . It 's really pretty adorable .
 item came on time in excellent condition great service hope I can do business with this seller again highly recommended !
 easy to perform , great beginning illusion for a youngster . My five year old mastered the trick almost immediately and took it to kindergarden to amaze his friends . Did not last more than one day but I 'm sure it was abused by the kindergardeners . Lots of fun .
 My son had received one of these years ago from my niece . He just absolutely loved it . After a couple years and being a little rough with it , the flower broke . This was a must replace magic trick for him .
 I bought this toy for my 15 month old son when he was about 13 months old . He still loves it ! It has brilliant simplicity . It is conceptually easy , but challenging enough to flip the windows and doors that it keeps him occupied . It is something we can do together or he can do alone . I highly recommend this toy .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 5 months old . She loved then to watch me open and close the windows . It has been fun to watch her develop the skills to work the toy herself . She is now 1 , and it is still a favorite of hers . -LRB- Plus great size for diaper bag ! -RRB-
 My 12-month-old has enjoyed this toy immensely for the last month or so now . At first he was n't sure what to do with it , but after awhile he got the hang of it . He loves to open and shut the doors and chew on it :--RRB- It helps with his hand-eye coordination , dexterity and it 's also a great visual stimulator .
 Great for fine motor skills . My son loves flipping the doors open and shut !
 My son loved this and needed hand/eye coordination items . This is a great product but the paint did start chipping after a couple of months .
 In spite of the fact that this game is really just `` Clue '' repackaged with a Scooby-Doo theme and there are no new theme-based rule `` twists , '' it 's still a great deal of fun . It has , in fact , been repackaged very well!The mansion boasts most of the same rooms ... with new artwork since it appears that the gang has arrived at a `` haunted '' house ... The Mystery Machine is parked in the Courtyard -LRB- nice touch -RRB- . The rest of the traditional rooms are included -LRB- in a slightly ruined and abandoned state -RRB- and , of course , there is the Graveyard - bottom right corner of the board in this version . -LRB- Replaces the Study . -RRB- Scooby is Col. Mustard ; Shaggy is Prof. Plum . Velma is Mrs. Peacock . Daphne is Ms. Scarlet -LRB- who elses ? -RRB- and Fred is Mr. Green . Mrs. White is the maid in this very unkempt house.Each character is represented quite nicely in pewter ... as are the weapons
 This is one awesome game ! I absolutely loved it ! it is so much fun to see scooby-doo and the gang as all the clue chracters . The rooms are so cool ! they are all the rooms and places the gang had gone to in all show ! I would defenately recommend it to others !
 Clue is probably best suited to the Scooby Doo franchise as the ` whodunnit ' element of the game fits perfectly with the clue-finding and mystery solving of the show . The board game comes in a brilliant box with gorgeous artwork outside and in . The board is wonderfully detailed with great character pieces and brilliantly printed cards . It 's a little sturdier than the Simpsons version , which I found to be slightly brittle . Definitely a game you must keep in good condition.But it is very easy when playing with only two people . My girlfriend had never played Clue before and was baffled -LRB- and dare I say slightly upset -RRB- when I won the game in only three moves . If you know how to bluff it 's just too damn easy . Play with the family and keep it in good condition , as you should anything with Scooby-Doo on it .
 Scooby Doo Clue is totally awesome ! The entire game has a Scooby Doo theme . Rooms are Scooby Dooby Dooish , as are the weapons . This is very cool . I really hope they put this back into production again . Scooby Doo Clue is the * BEST * Clue game ever !
 I bought a brand new Scooby Doo Clue board game from `` Big A Sales '' as a gift for a relative . Through no fault of Big A 's , one small component was missing from the game box . I was able to contact this seller through Amazon 's easy email system and advise them of the problem . Big A responded the very same day and really worked hard to resolve the issue and see that I was satisfied with my purchase . They were both friendly and professional , which made my experience enjoyable . I highly recommend Big A Sales !
 These paints have been wonderful . I purchased them for my toddler and they work well . It does take a little bit of practice for them to be able to hold the bottle straight up and down , but my two year old is able to do it . The paints are a wonderful alternative for traditional finger paints -LRB- for days when you do n't feel like washing down the walls after art time ... -RRB- . They come in vibrant colors , dry quickly , clean up easily and overall are a lot of fun .
 Nothing is ever completely washable ... just like these paints ! -LRB- Crayola advertises this as well and their products do n't come out of everything either -RRB- I have 4 year old twins who love these . They first started using them in their preschool class . I like them because they dry fast , are easy to use , last a long time , and do n't make a big mess -- painting without paint brushes . The ABC do-a-dot alphabet book is a great addition to this set and makes learning letters fun . I 'm buying another set for a Christmas gift for a 2 year old .
 We have long enjoyed our regular set of Do-A-Dots , so we were excited to give these a try . Unfortunately , jewel-toned colors are just basic colors with jewel names . After our first use , the felt circle tip fell off of one of our markers , and I have tried and tried but ca n't get it back in . Hopefully the others do not follow . I like the smaller dots , but they are different from the standard sponge tip -- much less durable !
 We love our regular Do-a-Dots , and found various coloring pages/printables online that used smaller do-a-dots , so we ordered this mini package . The description of the item is n't terribly detailed , and it was hard to tell if these markers did indeed have a smaller diameter , as they are the same size -LRB- and the lid is the same size -RRB- as the regular markers . I was pleased to discover that they do in fact make smaller `` dots . '' My main gripe with this particular set is the colors , which are n't quite what we were expecting . The simple bold colors of the Rainbow Do-a-Dot set are much nicer . In this set , for instance , the `` ruby red '' is not a bright red but sort of a magenta .
 Bought these to go with the Do-A-Dot Activity Book for our Granddaughter -LRB- she is 3 -RRB- for Christmas . Adult will have to start the paint flowing by pushing down on the tip , listen for a pop and squeeze and shake until paint comes out . Wish I would have bought long , long , long ago to go with crayons . Plus no mess to clean up like paint .
 These are great our second set in the last 4 years . Fun , easy , for little hands to use . Great for arts and craft projects , many fun uses for artsy kids .
 Fun for kids of all ages and not messy ! Easy to use even for younger kids . I got it mostly for my 2 year old son but my 7 year old daughter loved it as well !
 These paint markers are amazing ! You can either color just dots or actual pictures . They are so easy to use and give the feel of painting without the mess .
 This is a nice product for young children in creating pictures or to be used in making crafts . My daughter loves the mini dots . She makes pictures and uses it for crafts . When I received them I thought that they would be smaller , they are the same size as the regular do a dot art except the sponge tip is smaller . The box that they arrived in was also larger than the regular do a dot art box .
 Great for center activities in a kindergarten classroom . Hold up to their use and were bright and cheerful . Be careful as they do not wash off easily from clothes .
 This cute director 's / artist 's chair was bought for my 3-year old grandson . He loves it ! It is a perfect size for him and he has a place to store his `` art '' suppplies in the side pockets . The canvas seat , back and side pockets are painted in great detail . And it is very easy to put together in about 3 minutes . He also has the rocker , so we had to tell him not to tip back with this one , but you have to lean back pretty far for it to tip backward . All-in-all a very sturdy piece and light enough for him to drag around from room to room . We have the entire Guidecraft Safari line and have n't found anything more sturdy , safe , or durable .
 Nothing special . They were in good shape , and they generate random numbers . What more is there ?
 This bunny is great . I have had this bunny every since I was the age of 8 . Now I 'm thirteen and it is still here with me as one of my favorite stuffed animals . Believe me , I have tons of stuffed animals ranging from rabbits to snakes and this is one of my top favorites . Personally I 'm shocked that this rabbit 's style is now retired . There is nothing really special about this rabbit like super soft fur or anything like that . It 's just a plain rabbit with a cute face and a soft white tail but it 's special to me in it 's own sort of way . There is nothing like Nibbly , so I would totally reccomend to buy it .
 I bought this for my son -LRB- 4 -RRB- as an emergency back up . His cousin gave him this bunny -LRB- renamed `` Hoppy '' -RRB- and he sleeps with it every night and when we travel . It fits perfectly in his backpack without adding bulk . He is so attached to it , that I bought an emergency bunny just in case the first one is misplaced . My only dislike is that I ordered this over 2 weeks ago and it still has not arrived . It took over a week to process the order and then it has taken over a week to actually arrive . Good thing I am thinking in advance of needing a ` back-up ' bunny versus having to order this in anticipation of getting it within 2-3 days as with any other order I 've received from Amazon or other Amazon dealers .
 I got this cute little fella for my 88 yr . old Mom who absolutely loves this funny little bunny ! He is her therapy bunny , because at any age , we all need something cute and cuddly to keep us company once in a while ! He is just as precious as he looks in this picture and very enjoyable . I love beanie babies ! This came very quickly in the mail , 2 days ! I am very happy !
 This is a great little toy for little ones to relate to . Just the right size for those little hands .
 My child has had this castle for 1 year , and still plays with it like its brand new . He loves being able to make different castles and he shares the parts with his friends to they all can make a castle and play together . We have 2 big sets and he is getting more for his birthday.Highly recommended !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 These are excellent toys IF you are willing to build them repeatedly for children under age 8 . My older son -LRB- 5.5 yrs -RRB- knows how to put pieces together , but his hands are too small to do the required snapping . However , I love these toys , too , so I 'm glad to help . We have almost all the medieval series pieces now , and my sons play with them every day . They are the most used toys in our house , and the pieces can be put together in countless different ways . My only complaint
 My three-and-a-half and one-and-a-half girls attended a family part with us recently where this toy was set out along with a host of `` princess '' toys , etc. . The girls played with this and the pirate ship almost exclusively all day . My elder daughter asked me if we could borrow it . The older girl loves to tell stories , and I think that she finds these detailed backdrops and pieces much more interesting than her `` little people . '' My only wish would be that it not be so belligerent in nature -- maybe other characters instead of weapons . Still , great for stories ... I 'm buying this is a reward for a manners chart she filled out .
 We originally bought this toy 5 months ago along with the pirate ship for our -LSB- young kind -RSB- . But like what everyone else is saying , it seemed tedious putting it together and after 10 minutes of play my son needed me to put it back together again . I almost super glued the thing together but instead packed it away to bring out in a year or two.But a month ago my son convinced me to get it all out again and let him play . This time I did n't follow directions and it only took me 2 minutes to construct a castle of my creation . This got me thinking about the entire idea of the toy . It 's meant to be put together and taken apart numerous times , even in one play hour.If you keep this in mind , throw away the directions , and remember that to a -LSB- young kind -RSB- destruction and rebuilding is half the fun , then your child and YOU will enjoy the toy !
 But this toy could be more stable . My son gets frustrated because it falls over , now we keep it against the back of a wall , which is a jip because he ca n't manuever to the back side very easily.However , he 's only five , so maybe older kids have an easier time . We 've put this up in the attic and will pull it back out in a few months , great for their imagination , but quite a few pieces small enough you will probably lose a few , lol .
 This item featured a mini dungeon . Where is it ? It also shows two horses , three black nights and two silver . I got two red knights , two black ones , and no horses . If My son 's b-day was n't tomorrow I 'd return it . Buy from our local store and save shipping cost and know what I was buying was in the box . Too bad ; the imaginex system is awesome , but not from Amazon
 This is a great toy ! My 2 1/2 year old loves it as well as my 4 year old . Yes they do need help putting it together but I actually enjoying doing it . Its a toy they can grow with and learn to do themselves . They play with it daily and use all kinds of imagination when playing with the characters and making up stories . Do n't pass up this toy !
 I bought this for my 4 year old this Christmas . When I pulled all of the little pieces out of the box my first thought was `` They have got to be kidding !! '' Wanting to give up before I even started - I decided that I was a smart woman and I could figure this out ... . SO , I pulled out the instructions , sorted the pieces by type - and it came together SO easy ! I have n't had the problem with it falling apart at all and my son is having a blast with it . DO N'T let the assembly intimidate you - it looks a lot worse than it is ! He wants all of the extras now ...
 The imaginext battle castle far out shined any other birthday present this year . My 5 year old played with this for 5 hours -LRB- along with 15 yr old & 9 yr . old brothers -RRB- on the first day & it has been the toy of choice since . I read some of the negative reviews before I bought it but we have experienced no negatives at all . He loves it . He has easily figured out taking apart & putting it back together . Thats half the fun ! I also babysit a 3 year old & he has spent the last hour playing with the castle . It 's not as easy for him to put it together but he is making progress ! These are the kinds of toys I want to invest in for my kids . I 'm already trying to decide which set to buy next .
 My son got this for Christmas last year -LRB- he was 4 at the time -RRB- . He plays with it everyday . He loves to build and rebuild the castle and has equal fun playing with the knights and the ogre and all of the other accessories that come with it . All he wants this year are the other sets to go along with it . I highly recommend this toy if you have a child who loves imaginative play and likes to build . It is wonderful !!!
 I teach Kindergarten and bought all the sets to go with the Battle Castle . The kids love the toy , but never play with anything except the figures . The building itself is hard to put together and falls apart easily . I was very disappointed .
 My husband and I gave the Battle Castle , the Wizard 's Tower and the the Goblin 's Dungeon to our nephew as an early Christmas gift . First , I should say that this is the first time my husband has had an opinion about a Christmas gift ... usually I do it all , but he was adament that we purchase these sets for our nephew . So my nephew and my husband played with them all of Thanksgiving day . They stayed built according to the box directions . But the next morning when the kids had left the house and the toys were left , my husband and I looked at each other and I said `` Let 's play castle ! `` These things are great . All the features of the Fisher-Price play sets you remember from childhood , plus the flexibility of Legos . We took all three sets and made a GIANT castle . We played for at least two hours taking apart and putting back together . Kids will play with this for YEARS !
 I got this castle for my 4 yr . old son for Christmas this year . All he wanted for Christmas was a castle , and I was thrilled to find such an affordable one . After I ordered it , I went back to read the reviews . I almost cancelled my order ! I am so glad that I did n't . My son , husband , and I spend hours on the floor playing with this toy . I bought several sets that go with it so we can all play . I am just amazed at my son 's imagination when he is playing with it . Fisher-Price must have improved the quality of the castle itself , because it has never fallen apart and only took me 30 min . to put together the first time . My son actually had trouble taking it apart , but now that he has it figured out , he can build his own castle . The pieces are so easy to snap together and they stay together . This is one of the best toys my son has ever gotten . He barely plays with anything else !
 My almost-four-year-old got the battle castle and the wizards tower from Santa this year . He really likes it . It was easy to set-up and did not take too much time to get him playing.We do all kinds of cool things like stage battles with a pirate ship over hidden treasure . At night we will light it up using various methods including glow sticks.He also got the minotaur , extra knight and a troll . I even love playing with this toy .
 My 4 year old son got this for Christmas and he loves it ! His dad put it together on Christmas took a little while but not to bad . He loves it and plays with it for hours . It was very reasonably priced and worth every penny . I definatly think it is appropriate for a 4 year old and hope he will like it for a few years . I personally have fun with it myself as well as my 6 year old daughter
 My 8 year old son asked for this toy for Christmas 2002 , but we were unable to find it . This year , it was the first thing on his list . He has been a video game addict , and prefers medieval style games . In the last 4 days since Christmas , he has only turned on the playstation ONCE to play a new game cd , but has played with this castle for HOURS every day . He has spent the gift cards and cash that he received for the holidays on more accessories , and is already asking for more building sets for Easter . I would recommend it to anyone for the educational and imagination advantage , and give it a very enthusiastic 5 star rating . I would advise though , that while Fisher Price rates it for ages 4-10 , that older children -LRB- age 8 or so and up -RRB- will enjoy it more , because building the castle does require dexterity . We WILL be adding more pieces to his collection .
 My son begged for this for Christmas . After reading the reviews I was hesitant , but am so glad we got it ! While it did take a little while to put it together , it is by far the favorite toy this year ! We put it together on Christmas Eve so we would n't have to in the morning ! It is very realistic looking , and the actual castle part stays together pretty well . Definatly for a little older crowd . My son is 6 and loves it ! So glad we bought it !
 I had to write a review following giving this to my 4 year old son for Christmas . This is by far the best gift my boy has ever received . Not only does he play with it every day , but he and his father love building and rebuilding different designs together . I can honestly say that giving this was the best part of my Christmas . Well worth driving several hours through a snowstorm to get .
 My five year old asked for the castle for months before his fifth birthday . He loves it and is getting more pieces for Christmas . He and his brother -LRB- age 6 -RRB- -LRB- both pretty rough -RRB- have n't had any problems with it holding up through many pretend battles . It seems durable and provides the boys with tons of possibilities with characters and accessories for making up stories . Anything that gets those imaginations going is O.K. with me .
 My son just received the Battle Castle for his 5th birthday and once we put it together , has not stopped playing with it . The only problem was that it took over and hour to put it together and the instructions were terrible . We got it halfway together it and most of it collapsed and we had to start all over again . Thank goodness my son was patient ! He loves playing with it but we all hope it wo n't fall apart too easily .
 My son loves this toy . We bought a big box for it and the accessories right away . With the locking clips it stays together well . He does need help putting it together , but that is part of the fun . My son is 5 1/2 years old , I can see how 4 year olds may have problems with it . The pieces are very durable -- this set is not cheaply made at all !
 Our four boys , ages 8 , 6 , 4 & 3 spend hours with the castle accessories . They gave up on the castle as it does not stay together well and is hard to reassemble . It would have been nice if Fisher Price made fewer pieces to assemble that could be mixed and matched yet latch together for rougher play .
 My boys have loved this toy so much that they ca n't wait to get the accessory pieces and make large battles . My four year old has been able to set up his own castles in different ways and really enjoys the trap doors and catapault . Even my two year old can remain preoccupied with this for hours . It 's good , clean , and safe fun .
 My 5-year old son -LRB- and I -RRB- love this . We make castles together and then have battles . We bought several of the accessory pieces so we could have more good and bad knights to engage in combat . Lots of fun . Having a hard time finding good knights -LRB- those dressed in blue and silver , according to my son -RRB- , horses , and goblins . Hard to have the epic `` Helm 's Deep '' battle with the 3 or 4 figures included in the castle set . Hopefully FP will send more out .
 My son got the castle for his 6th birthday and he does nothing but play with it . When we have other children over this toy seems to be the winner . My husband and I love it because they get to use their imagination . Needless to say , we got the whole set . This toy is a winner .
 The Battle Castle and Goblin 's Dungeon have been providing our 7-year old son with lots of enjoyment since X-mas . The parts are easy to re-arrange and the imaginary play involved keeps him occupied with medieval battles , knights , and towers to climb . His 5-year old sister is intrigued and likes to play along . We are very pleased with the purchase . We will be adding the Wizard , Dragon , Ogre and Royal Coach to increase the play levels . One caution is that this is a `` system '' and contains lots of small pieces .
 My neighbor 's son -LRB- 4 years old -RRB- had the older version of the Fischer-Price castle . My son saw it and all he wanted for Christmas was the castle . I showed him a number of different castles and he picked this one . He has been playing with this toy every day since he got it . It is what he mentions first when asked what he got for Christmas . It can be a bit frustrating to put together at first however my son -LRB- 6 1/2 -RRB- is getting the hang of it . He likes that you can take it apart and put it together a different way . He 's designated the knights as good knights and bad knights . I also bought the coach and the dragon set . His younger sister -LRB- 2 1/2 -RRB- has decided that the coach is hers . It would be nice if there was a compartment for the accessories however a wipes box works well . I would definately reccommend this toy for older children - -LRB- 6 to 10 years -RRB- if it is bought to keep your child occupied . Younger children would need more parental help to work with it .
 My son loves castles , so this toy was a natural . It offers wonderful detail on the outside and plenty of room to set up battles and knights on the inside . With dungeons and weapons and ladders for scaling the wall , a boy can play for hours using his imagination . Boys of all ages in my house love this toy , from 7 to 11 . You will need to buy extra knights though to fully enjoy this toy .
 My son is simply bananas for this series and wants the whole thing . It has wonderful details , is an event every time we -LRB- re -RRB- build it , and has endless possibilities for stories . As it is not from a movie , my son is free to imagine things with this instead of re-enacting something he saw , which I like very much . I would recommend this warmly only with the caveat that , when he plays rough , which is practically all the time , it ends up destroyed or partially dismantled . But we enjoy working on it , and at 4 he really watches how it fits and tries to do parts himself so is learning from it .
 we bought `` battle castle '' for our son 's 7th birthday-my husband thought he was too old for it , but it turned out to be his very favorite gift ! this is the most time he has spent with one toy ; he builds different versions of the castle , and even has begun drawing instructions for his own creations . It 's the right level of difficulty for him to construct-not too easy , not too hard . I just wish I had found this sooner , because I know he would have loved it when he was younger also .
 My five year old son loves this . Together with the Goblin 's dungeon and the Wizard 's tower -LRB- both sold separately -RRB- it is really huge and has a lot of nice features . It is a big plus that figures and a lot of accessories come with each set . I was really pleased to see that the castle comes with a table and beds ! However , it is a bit difficult to assemble and the pieces do n't stay together all that well.It is really difficult to find all the extra figures that Fisher Price has on their Imaginext home page . I am disappointed that only some of it is available .
 I purchased this toy for my five year old 's birthday . It is a great toy that is reasonable for all that comes with it . Although it is not exactly durable when assembled , you do get to change it around as much as you 'd like . My son plays with it for hours and he really enjoys it . With all the pieces and accessories , it is kind of like a boy 's version of a dollhouse . As far as educational value , this product does help stimulate a child 's imagination . All in all , it is a great toy for your money . I would recommend it to others .
 I bought this for my son 's 6th birthday , and we have been playing with it all evening ! It was a little tricky to put together , but then I read the instructions -- hehheh ! Not terribly difficult . You can put it together any number of ways , and there are clips that keep it together , once you have it the way you want it . -LRB- Have to make sure everything SNAPS , or it is n't a strong join . -RRB- Of course , you can always take it apart and reconfigure it . My sons , ages 6 and 4 played with it all evening and nothing fell apart.It comes with a working drawbridge , `` cannon '' and `` crossbow '' that shoot , working catapult , torches that flash and play music , trap door , dungeon gate , gargoyles ... . too much to list ! There are a lot of educational possibilities with this toy because of all the details.My only complaint is that it has a lot of tiny pieces . It would be nice if it had some sort of built-in storage for the extra pieces , but a margarine tub will work fine , too.I plan to get him the add-on pieces for Christmas . : D
 I bought this castle for my 4 year old son and he loves it , the only problem is ... It does n't stay together ! I will be superglueing it together this evening and I am sure it will be everything it is supposed to be . My son played for hours with it . I would of given it a 5 except for the part that it does not stay together . Otherwise it is an excellent toy .
 I bought this set for my son for his 4th birthday . After building it , it was a little tricky to get the `` locks '' into place but once I got the walls locked in , it stays together perfectly fine . Granted , you ca n't move it all over the house . For that you should just get the older style fisher price castle but if your child wanted the Playmobil castle and you did n't want to shell out $ 200.00 , this is an awesome deal . Brooks has played with it for hours . He loves all of the action pieces that it came with . The only thing he said he would add is a princess for the castle . All in all I would say this is a fantastic toy for it 's durability , creativity and price . We are going to get him the rest of the pieces for Christmas .
 Okay ... after reading several of these dramatic reviews ... I must comment ! We 've had the battle castle , goblins dungeon and wizard 's tower since last Christmas when our son had just turned 4 . At first , he liked the set but really liked to have us assemble it for him . This was a pretty educational period for him as far as learning about different things ... trap doors , the gear , hatchets vs. axes , drawbridge ... lots of vocabulary stuff while we assembled . Now he 'll be 5 in December and through the learning process he has even discovered how to put the castle together according to the instructions since there are no words ... just pictures ! He can do this all by himself now ! This toy is a learning process toy . The children in your life WILL learn how to assemble the parts through watching you and trial and error!He is very excited to add onto the collection with the pirate stuff since we have every possible item for the castle stuff . This is a fabulous toy and does not ` fall ' apart as easily as some are portraying . FP has mad an awesome toy with great details for the younger set without having too much of a ` baby ' look to it.Buy this stuff , put it together with your kids for a while ... and watch their imaginations grow by building different things ... not just the instruction stuff!COOL NOTE
 We bought this for my son who is soon to be 6 . We originally bought a set that was a trail pack . He played with it for hours . He loved the set so much we bought more peices and more peices and it is a wonderful imagination booster . It does fall apart on occasion but he just snaps it back together without another thought . We spent time in the library looking up knights and it has been a great educational toy . He has learned alot about midevil times and although there is violence associated with this toy it is very easy to pick up a book in a library and explain that this is how things were a couple of hundred years ago and let them tell you how times have changed and `` Mom they had NO T.V ? '' It has been fun and educational for all of our family .
 What a super set ! Much less expensive than anything comparable . The set builds really quickly and is very versatile - many hours of fun . Maybe best is that the set is meant to be PLAYED - it has lots of action features . I plan to tell all my friends about it . Nice job FP !
 I am so disappointed in Fisher-Price . I bought most of the imaginext toys at Christmas . My 4 yr . old loves to play with them , but they are always falling apart . He has no interest in trying to put them back together , so I have to do it . And everytime I put them back together it takes a considerable amount of time and I have to pull out the original instructions . I finally had it and decided to glue them all together -LRB- a task which took many hours -RRB- . He csn now play with them fine , but I wo n't be buying any of the newer Imaginext line . In fact , I am searching Ebay to purchase the older Fisher-Price Great Adventures toys !!
 My son -LRB- almost 4 -RRB- LOVES Imaginext . The stuff is incredible . It takes some getting used to how the pieces fit together -LRB- Spacers and half height pieces can be confusing -RRB- but once you get it down , The toys are incredible.Many people point out how the sets are not ` durable ' . This is confusing to me , since they are designed to come apart . The Battle Castle we got came with stabilizers -LRB- like end caps -RRB- to make it sturdier , but we wouldnt dream of putting them on - how can you possibly lay siege to the castle then?Dragons , ogres and artillery often attack and smash our castles - building them is only half the fun . The Battle Castle is a good collection of pieces , with nice round towers and plenty of great bits like the throne , table and beds .
 My sons enjoy playing with it . It makes a cute trumpet noise that my younger son finds funny and my older son likes to shoot the cannons and arrows and play with the `` castle guys '' . The only thing was there are pieces to help stabilize the castle and i couldnt figure out where they go .
 My 4 year old son got this for Christmas and he loves it . Myhusband and I play with our son , and we have a great time too.It is a lot of fun . We all enjoyed it so much that I bought theWizard Tower and the Goblin Dungeon to go with it . I noticed some people have mentioned problems with it coming apart . We have not had any problems with that and also they give youextra fasteners to use if you want to , to help stabilize it , butwe have n't had to really use them . Overall I rate this 5 starsfor everything . We enjoy it very much .
 This was a great toy for my 6 year old son . He got the battle castle for his birthday and the rest of the set for Christmas . The only thing that I do n't like is that the many ways that you can put it together are not clearly defined . You are shown a picture and expected to piece it together from that.The box is great for storage , and traveling , and most of the pieces are large enough that it is not difficult to assemble .
 This toy is awesome . Easy to put together after the first try -LRB- reading the directions and figuring out how -RRB- . Now we can configure the castle however we want . Ca n't wait to purchase the other toys in this line !
 My 4 1/2 yr old son loves knights so this was a must have for Christmas even though I hate buying toy with this many parts . It did take the instruction manual to put it together -LRB- and maybe 1/2 -1 hr -RRB- and his hands just ca n't seem to place the swords and shields in the knights hands , but it 's no problem for me to do it . He loves making them `` talk '' to each other and crashing the parts around , therefore the castle comes apart often . It stays fairly well especially with the reinforcements provided , but it is too tidious for his age to put back together by himself . It goes together with a little work lining things up and he 's back at it ! Has many extra sets you can buy to add to it . Keep a storage box with it - lots of parts to step on . Does n't look like they 'll break though , sturdy plastic construction . Would recommend to any future shining knight ! Great imagination builder .
 This was a Christmas present for my 5-1/2 year old , who is ordinarily very adept at construction-type toys . He required a good deal of assistance with this one , however . Unlike Legos , the walls and floors need to be placed in the correct sequence . Once we got the hang of it , the castle has been one of this year 's favorites .
 LOOKING AT THE BOX , WHAT AN AWSOME LOOKING CASTLE ! UPON OPENING ALL THE PIECES LOOK VERY DURABLE ! BUT BEWARE TRYING TO PUT THE THING TOGETHER IS A JOKE , JUST ABOUT THE TIME YOU GET ONE SECTION DONE ANOTHER PIECE COMES APART FROM ANOTHER SECTION ! THE ACCESORIES BY THEMSELVES ARE MORE FUN AND LESS FRUSTRATING FOR A CHILD TO PLAY WITH !!!!!!
 I got the battle castle -LRB- and later several of the accessories and other sets -RRB- for my four-year-old son almost a year ago . It 's his favorite toy by far and gets more attention from him -LRB- and his friends and sister , age 7 -RRB- than anything else in the house . The castles can be used separately or combined into one really impressive castle , and now that he can do some of the assembly himself , my son enjoys this toy even more . We sure found it to be worth the money !!
 My son got this castle set for Christmas of 2002 -- he had just turned 8 at the time . He is asking for more pieces to the set for his 9th birthday . He and his friends have a blast playing with this . So much better than sitting in front of the television !! They have so much fun using their imaginations !! I would definitely recommend this to anyone . The only drawback is that it takes up some space in the bedroom ... but do n't let that stop you from purchasing this awesome toy ! Well worth every penny .
 Our son ... , 4 , is very intrigued by knights , castles , and dragons . Santa brought this for him , and he begged to get all of the accessories for his birthday . He LOVES this toy . He 'll play with it for hours at a time . He does need help with set up , but can then entertain himself . As a teacher , I find it educational because he can make up stories and use his imagination . It 's pretty durable , considering its meant to come apart ! One complaint - there are NO female characters at all ! Even my son is disappointed about this - and his female friends wo n't play as a result . Contacted FP - hopefully they 'll add some . Overall , a great toy !
 My 6 year old son got this castle last Christmas . He LOVES it ! We also got him the goblins dungeon to go with it . I was very surprised at some of the negative reviews . He does have trouble putting it together . But once its together , it does NOT fall apart unless it is taken down on purpose during BATTLES :-RRB- I plan on getting the Wizards Tower and possibly some other accessories for his birthday and Christmas this year . This is one of the very few toys he continually plays with and was one of the better toys I have ever bought . The only frustrating part is keeping our 2yr old daughter away from it cause she does DESTROY IT ! Not for toddlers at all but great for ages 5 and up I 'd say .
 My wife and I operate a daycare in our home . We were looking for some toys that the `` older '' , school-aged children could play with -LRB- especially with summer coming -RRB- . The kids really enjoy using their imaginations in their play , and we wanted a toy that would nurture this aspect . The Battle Castle and it 's related figures and accessories have fit the bill perfectly . The kids love them , and can not get enough of playing with them . We purchased all the Imaginex `` dragon and castle '' toys we could find . They are colorful , diverse , durable and very entertaining . We highly recommend this product !
 My son loved this toy . It was very durable once snapped together and he played with it for hours !!!!!
 My oldest son received this set when he was 7 or 8 . I have been reading reviews on this line of toys and felt I had to add my input . I have three boys , 9 , 7 and 5 . They all love playing with Imaginext toys , though the 5 year old is just getting to the point where he can build on his own with a little help . When we get a new set , they build according to the directions the first time , but after that they build it different every time . I believe that is the concept that people who give this line a bad review are missing . The kids use their imagination ! They do n't have everything scripted for them like a video game . We keep all the pieces for all the sets in a big box so the boys can build really BIG castles . In fact , I bought an extra castle set so they could make it even bigger . When my 7-year old got the coast patrol station , he dragged out some castle walls because he thought the lighthouse was n't tall enough . That is the beauty of it . I admit it can be frustrating when the walls come apart , but then Legos are frustrating when they come apart also . You do n't want them to be too hard to take apart or they wo n't be much good to build in other ways . I 'll take one building toy like this over 10 playstation games ! I 'd rather they learn engineering skills than how to press buttons on a game boy . The bottom line on deciding whether or not to buy this toy is the age of your child - 3,4 and even 5 is really too young unless you child is very dexterous or you do n't mind having to keep rebuilding it for them -LRB- Try Rescue Heros for this age - nothing can break those toys ! -RRB- . For 5 and up , your child should like to build things . My boys like blocks , Legos , Lincoln Logs etc. so building these sets are part of the fun . Sometimes they build these great castles and never get around to playing with the figures ! They also use other toy lines like Playmobil and Legos to enhance their play . I hope Fisher price keeps adding to this toy line . We especially like the new pirate theme .
 My son loves this toy and we keep adding to the set . He loves imaginary play and this toy takes it a set further by letting the child build and be creative . If your child enjoys playing with Legos , this is a nice alternative . My son received this as a gift when he was 6 years old .
 After reading all the negative reviews on this product , I felt I had to write a posative one . This castle is one of the only toys my son -LRB- age 4 -RRB- likes to play with . He could play with it all day and not get bored . We also purchased the other sets that go along with it . It * does * come apart easily , but I think that 's the beauty of it . It can be rebuilt hundreds of different ways , sort of a construction set . It is kind of hard to snap together , but I play along side my son , and he can do it with some help . Someone suggested gluing the pieces , but personally I have to caution that . We tried gluing one of the sets when we first got it , and the pieces that were glued were the ONLY ones that broke . The sets come with `` connector '' pieces that help to hold it together . All in all I give it a 4 out of 5 stars .
 Santa brought this set for my 4 year old son last year and he still loves it . He does have trouble putting it together by himself sometimes , but my husband enjoys figuring out sturdy designs every couple of weeks so it entertains even the bigger boys , too :-RRB- . Since our first set , we 've added the Goblin 's Dungeon , Wizard 's Castle and Pirate Ship along with the Fire Station , Coastal Patrol Station , Police Station , and Construction set from the Modern World collection . Of course , we 've also added all the people and vehicles as well . Most pieces are inexpensive and make great incentives or rewards . It 's the perfect `` doll house '' for boys . The best part is that with all these sets , we can make the buildings as big or small as we want . The pieces can be broken down small enough to store in two big Rubbermaid boxes for the few times that it is put away . Our 6 and 9 year old neighbors also love playing with them and asked Santa for their own sets this year so they could make even bigger buildings . It 's a great toy and provides hours and hours of non-stop fun using their own imagination .
 My 4 yr.old son received this for Christmas and has played with it every day since . He also has collected almost all the other Imaginext sets that have come out . I 'm really confused when people say it falls apart . It is a building toy it 's supposed to come apart . My son has fun setting it up in all different ways . He loves it and has fun pulling it apart and rebuilding it .
 I think this toy is probably most appropriate for 6 to 9 year olds -LRB- if you are looking for something for independent play -RRB- , but most 4-5 year olds will need considerable assistance or supervision with this toy . I got this set for my nephew -LRB- age 6 -RRB- and he has played with it for hours . It 's the first thing he goes to play with when he comes to visit at my house . He always needs help putting Lego sets together , but he has no problems with this set . He builds and rebuilds in different configurations with ease . He also tends to be a very active -LRB- and somewhat destructive -RRB- little boy , but so far he has n't broken any of the pieces in this set . I was a little worried when I read some of the other reviews that said it falls apart easily , but we have not had that problem at all -LRB- in fact , I sometimes have a little trouble getting the pieces to come apart when it 's time to put them away . -RRB-
 After reading all the reviews , I took a chance and bought this for my 3-year-old son and 6-year-old nephew . What a pleasant surprise . Apparently , Fisher Price had listened to the customers complaints , and has come up with a way to stabilize this toy . The set now includes disks to use underneath the castle to stabilize the base and decorative end caps to use at the corner when connecting the sides of the buildings . Another improvement has been made to the brown triangle pieces that are used for platforms . They now connect together like the wall panels . I hope that Fisher Price will make the stabilizing piece available for those how have already the other building in the set.It did take me an hour to build , but this was mostly due to having to deal with 2 over-excited kids !! The boys and I spent the day playing with the battle castle , wizard 's tower , and goblins dungeon . We did not have any problems with the any of the building falling apart . I appreciate the fact that this set gives the children a chance to use their immagination.For the price ... this great toy offers hours of enjoyment . We will continue to collect the figurines that go with the medieval set .
 I bought this toy for my three year old and he loves it . It is too difficult for him to put together on his own , as each level needs to be thought out and connected before putting the next story on . The castle we purchased came with a set of stabilizer pieces that you attach to the top and bottom of the castle when you are finished building it and they work great for us . ...
 I have three boys -- ages 18 months , 4 and 5 years and they ALL love this set and play with it for hours !!! It is easy enough to put together by my 4 year old , and the figures are just right for little hands to hold . My 5 year old loves the ability to put it together in a variety of ways .
 We got the whole battle castle set for our son when he was 4 years old . But he really started enjoying it when he was 5 because he could break it down and then use his own creativity to set up his own castle . The peices do n't break and are great colors . He and the rest of us love play time setting up castles . Wish there were more additions to the set .
 My 6 year old son received this for Christmas and has n't stopped playing with it yet . Every free moment he has is spent in his room `` imaginexting '' as he says . I feel it is great for his imagination , he is constantly building and rebuilding in different ways and even I enjoyed playing it with him . I can see where this toy could be a little frustrating for younger children because of the way the walls snap together and probably would n't recommend it for a child under 5 unless the parent is willing to build the castle instead .
 My 5-year old boy has played countless hours with the older , Fisher Price Great Adventures castle set -LRB- I ca n't recommend that and the other Great Adventure sets enough ! -RRB- , so he was excited to receive the new castle for Christmas.Well , a couple of weeks later , we are boxing this set back up and returning it . The flimsiness of the set has frustrated my son so much he has simply went back to the Great Adventures castle , and wo n't even attempt to play with this one anymore.The major problem we had was that the castle walls do not connect to each other solidly , and as such , when the castle is bumped or jostled in any way , walls can just fall over . Also , the drawbridge does not work very well , as there is a knob to turn to raise the door , but it takes a long time cranking the knob before the door goes all the way back up . Additionally , the weapons/shields do not stay put in the hands of the action figures very well.I had high hopes from this set , as Fisher Price seems to put out so many quality toys , but if your youngster is into castles , or robin hood , or pirates , I would advise that you go with the Great Adventure playsets , as they are * EXTREMELY * durable and a lot of fun .
 This is a kid AND parent pleasing toy with a cool , creative design and a sturdy well made quality . Definately up to the wear and tear a toddler will give it !
 now as much as i love Bleach , I 'm not quite as in love with it as my boyfriend is . And he simply LOVES his new keychain !!!!! now as much as i love anime . there is a stereotype that goes along with the AMERICAN readers . those ... strange anime kids ... you know what i mean . And this was the perfect gift , because if you have never watched bleach additively you would never even know that the keychain holder was an anime freak !
 While christmas shopping this year I came across this keychain I was a little dispointedLike what I said before I was a little dispointed do n't believe what you see in the picture the keychain is much smaller than it appearsThe design on the keychain is pretty cool and the keychain really is wired and it pretty easy to attach most keychain and other iteamsThe keychain is pretty strong and flexiable I have a naruto keychain , a light keychain , and a Leather I.d. wallet attach to it and there is not sign of weakeness to it
 Although I do n't own this doll I have seen it . Here 's what I think . I think it looks like a cool doll . My mom thinks the `` invisible '' arms are weird . I wonder if her whole body is like that ...
 My 10 month old daughter rcvd this for a christmas present . She loves it . It is her favorite toy so far . She loves water & I think that the fish & glitter in the water are a real plus to getting her attention . The music is wonderful also . She sits for 15-20 minutes and plays with this toy ! Thanks Great Aunt Kiki for this great gift !
 This is our daughters absolute favorite toy ! She received this toy at 10 months , and plays with it everyday . She is 13 months old , and this toy still holds her interest ! She likes the music on or off , it does n't matter . The water in the fish bowl fasinates her . She loves all the Fisher Price Ocean water toys .
 At first , Jenna was n't really interested in this toy . Now , at 7 months , she ca n't get enough !! SHe loves the music and stares at the water sloshing around inside . She will reach in sitting and will try to crawl towards it when on her belly -LRB- she does n't get far , but manages to swipe at it to have it make noise !! -RRB- It also has a volume control for those early mornings when you 're not in the mood for loud baby toys !!
 I own nursury schools and the children love this toy - it holds even the youngest child 's attention and seems to be very well made . Excellent
 my son loves it he will sit for hours and play he loves the music it plays !
 i think this is a pretty dumb toy but what do i know b/c my daughter loves it . it plays ONE song over & over which drives me nuts but it really is one of her favorites . the flutterballs do n't do much but there is something about them that makes them a popular chew item . i think my daughter likes the fact that she can keep making it play the song by kicking it occasionally while using her hands to play w / other toys . but buy it only if you have the patience to hear the song over & over again .
 This was great for my daughter when she was able to sit up and crawl . The tunes it plays are just too cute and the fish balls cause it to play music when they are placed inside the fish bowl . Extremely sturdy . Keeping it for the next one .
 My daughter has been fully mobile since she was five months old . It is hard to find a toy that will keep her occupied for more than five minutes . She loves her Ocean Wonders Fishbowl . She is fascinated by the lights and sounds and loves to gum at the colorfull balls . She has recently learned how to drop her other toys inside the fishbowl to make the sounds go off . A blessing when trying to get things done !
 i loved this toy first of all because of it 's educational value . . the whole putting in and taking out aspect . . and secondly because the music and sounds that it makes are not annoying like some toys and are actually quite pleasant . . however . . my daughter never really played with it much . . not because she didnt like it but just because it only does the one thing . . really all you can do with it is put the balls in and take them out again . . that 's it . . nothing else . . i mean you can watch the lights and the fish and all that but it gets old after a few min ... i got it for my daughter wehn she was an infant and its still around here somewhere and she is two now . . she still plays with it from time to time but mostly it just holds all of her bathtub letters ... we have lost most of the balls that it came with . . over all though . . i liked this toy . . i would recommend it just because like i said . . it teaches babies the put in and take out skill . . as far as being heavy . . it is pretty heavy but my duaghter never had a problem with that . . it always worked fine with her and she never really picked it up much . . she loved to scoot it around the house though . . but really . . unless your kid picks it up and chunks it intentionally . . then i dont forsee any danger . . its more of a toy for little babies like around 6 mo i would say . . but over all . . i liked it . . good luck !!!
 i loved this toy first of all because of it 's educational value . . the whole putting in and taking out aspect . . and secondly because the music and sounds that it makes are not annoying like some toys and are actually quite pleasant . . however . . my daughter never really played with it much . . not because she didnt like it but just because it only does the one thing . . really all you can do with it is put the balls in and take them out again . . that 's it . . nothing else . . i mean you can watch the lights and the fish and all that but it gets old after a few min ... i got it for my daughter wehn she was an infant and its still around here somewhere and she is two now . . she still plays with it from time to time but mostly it just holds all of her bathtub letters ... we have lost most of the balls that it came with . . over all though . . i liked this toy . . i would recommend it just because like i said . . it teaches babies the put in and take out skill . . as far as being heavy . . it is pretty heavy but my duaghter never had a problem with that . . it always worked fine with her and she never really picked it up much . . she loved to scoot it around the house though . . but really . . unless your kid picks it up and chunks it intentionally . . then i dont forsee any danger . . its more of a toy for little babies like around 6 mo i would say . . but over all . . i liked it . . good luck !!! -- UPDATE -- Ok . . So i had to redo this because it was on my old list of reveiws . So i wanted to add a couple of things to the above entry . First , this toy is super cute . Like i said above , the noises and music that it makes are generally quiet and melodic . There is nothing harsh . It makes a tipsy water swooshing sound sometimes and has like harp music so it 's nothing stipid and dorky . The bottom is heavier than the top so that it stays upright even though the bottom is also rounded so that it rocks a bit . The three balls that it comes with are varoius clear colors . I think we had a blue , green and pink one.The ONLY complaint i had , other than the one-game aspect , is that its motion activated -LRB- the sounds -RRB- so if you dont turn it off , and you are walking through the nursery at night and accidentally bump it , it makes the watery swooshing sound with like a tinkling little sound . . it 's not loud or harsh or anyting , but it 's quite a sound wehn you are trying to transfer a sleeping kiddo to her crib.Over all , great toy !!!!!!
 I have purchaseed several of these for the children of friends and my nieces . They all loved it !! It is a great toy . When the child is really small they enjoy watching the fishies . Eventually they can put the balls in the bowl and figure out how to make the sound turn on.The colors and sounds are very pleasant . It 's nice that it turns off automatically . I wish they 'd made this when my kids were little .
 This `` fish bowl '' was a gift to our little one - and he played with it for a good 8-10 months . Each time he puts his hand , ball , car , etc into the bowl it makes a fun underwater sound and/or plays a little tune . Very durable ! Great fun gift from grandma and grandpa .
 We got this toy for our new baby -LRB- born 10/05 -RRB- for Christmas . At 4 months old she is already enjoying it ! She is intreged by the lights and seems to enjoy the music . She reaches for the bowl and when she bumps it , even lightly , with her hands the music plays and lights flash rewarding her for trying . She likes to watch the fish move around . It is overall and good choice ! I think it will grow with her nicely . In a couple months when she can sit up and put the balls in and take them out it will be a whole new toy to her.I will say that we had to return our first bowl because the floating fish were stuck at the top during shipping and they could n't be unwedged . Then the second one had one stuck fish that , after much effort , I got loose . I am very glad that I did n't give up on this toy . It is a keeper !!
 My son is 14 weeks old . He started playing with this toy at about 13 weeks . So far he is in heaven with this toy . When I lay him on the floor to play he loves to bat at the toy to activate it . He loves the lights , and music , and looking at the fish . It is really neat to see him start to learn that if he moves his arm and hits the bowl it will start up again . It is very entertaining for him . I wish there were more toys like this for my infant . Since he ca n't sit up yet it is really hard to find stuff to occupy him and this is a definate hit with him . When I put him on his stomach it encourages him to lift his head up so he can look at the lights in the bowl . I love this toy !
 My 10-month old got this when he was 3 mo old and has been playing with it ever since ! He first loved playing with the balls , seeing the fish or shell move inside the ball . I think it actually motivated him to start crawling by chasing the balls . As he 's gotten older , he plays with the bowl and balls , putting the balls in and out of the bowl and looking at the fish , water , and glitter move around . I also put other things in the bowl and let him take them out . It 's a great early toy before they figure out how to use the shape sorters . The music it plays is n't obnoxious and with the 2 volume setting , it is n't so loud . It only plays one song , which is alittle boring . But , he still loves it .
 I purchased this item for my son when he was 6 months old . He truley loves it ! He is 2 now and still plays with it ! The best part is the `` easy to listen to '' music ! The fishbowl has not become annoying like many infant / toddler toys do .
 This toy has wonderful music and the balls that come with it and great for holding the attention of your little one . My son enjoys dancing to this fishbowl and playing with the balls inside of it . He does n't seem to care much for putting the balls back into the bowl in order to make it work . He does enjoy carrying it around and rocking the owl so it will play for him though .
 I bought this toy for my son Cameron at 5 months . He 's just learning how to sit up so I placed the fish bowl in front of him and he uses it to keep his blance . He loves the music , he does n't relize that he can reach in the bowl and grab the balls yet . Over all it 's a wonderful toy . I love the Ocean Wonders line !
 today is my sons sixth month birthday and i bought him this toy . he loved it before i even got it out of the box . he loves fish , and this toy really kept his attention .
 My son received this toy at 5 1/2 months and he loves it ! It 's a great toy for him now that he 's sitting up , he can rock the toy and he loves to see the lights and music come on . Would highly recommend this toy to everyone .
 We have to wait and see how our son likes this toy , since he 's still waiting to be born ! We got it for our neighbor 's son and he really enjoyed it.That being said , I am completely captivated by it . The bowl lights up and rewards baby -LRB- or mommy ! -RRB- with a song or `` ocean '' sounds when one of the balls or another object is dropped in . The balls have colorful little plastic figures that spin . Glitter and fish move when the bowl is moved . I think it 's going to be a real hit.UPDATE
 i got this for 16 $ $ at big lots . my daughter loves it . its great !!
 my son loved it when he was little , and now my other son is playing with he and he seems to love it too !
 My son has had this toy since before he was old enough to ` play ' with it . Back then , he liked to look at the lights and listen to the music during ` tummy time ' . Now that he sits up , he can pull the balls out and tip the bowl over . For some reason , he likes to chew on the edge , too . This toy seesm very durable . At first , I thought the balls might break if dropped on my laminate floors , but they have n't . My son enjoys this fishbowl .
 My daughter got this toy for Christmas . She is now 7 months old and loves this toy . She loves taking the flutter balls out and putting them back in . As a matter of fact , she loves to put all her toys in and take them back out . It keeps her very content . We love the entire Ocean Wonders Series .
 I got the above toy for 8 mo old Jackie along with 5 other toys for Thanksgiving . . this toy was her best ... you could see it in her eyes ... immediately upon giving it to her ... her response was immediate ... and what she seemed to like was the fact she could put the balls in the bowl and remove them ... listened to the sound ... tried to put her face in the bowl ... and blew bubbles with her mouth against the rim ... She really liked this toy . Its not every day that Grandma buys the right toy ...
 I picked this up because my daughter liked the fish bowl effect , I had no idea how entertained she would be constantly putting the balls in and out of the fish bowl ... and her crackers too ! She will sit forever with this toy and her cousin was equally enthralled by it . I would never have guessed it would be the hit it is with them !
 My 8 month old girl has had this since birth and still plays with it . The balls inside did nothing for her untill she could pick them up , so we put the fish from the Lamaze My First Fish Bowl inside until a month ago . I rated the educational value at 3 because it is a great way to teach them to pick things up and teach inside/outside .
 She loves this toy and just keeps playing with it . It is helping her develop her manual dexterity and teaching her to pick up her own toys !
 My daughter loves this toy and this toy can stand up to rough play . I 've used it as a cheerio holder and it can amuse any age with its fun sounds and sweet lights .
 My daughter loves the sounds and lights and dropping the balls into the bowl . Worth the money .
 Great toy . I saw my 14-month-old grandson was fascinated by this toy at a birthday party so I ordered one for him . He loves it . Also , the music it plays is very pleasant and does n't drive you crazy .
 This toy was given to my grandson just as he was sitting up . He played with it then and plays with it now at 2 . He loves the music which has 2 levels of sound and the balls that have a sea creature in them .
 First , the music is calming , not the annoying stuff you hear out of other toys . Second , my daughter loved this toy from about two months , right up until now at 9 . She used it in so many ways . It helped her learn to coordinate her hand-eye movements while she sat up .
 My son is usually slow to warm up to new toys but he loved this one right away . He has learned to take the balls out of the bowl and put them back in . He 's been playing with it regularly for 2 months now and does n't seem to be losing interest at all . The music is upbeat and fun , not too loud or obnoxious . We love it !
 My son just received this as a gift at the age of 8 months . -LRB- He is now 9 . -RRB- He absolutely adores it as I can tell because he becomes fascinated when it is placed in front of him.My son is very into toys that `` reward '' him , as in if he does something there is an effect . When he puts the ball in and the music starts up , he laughs and claps with glee . It 's true though that even when he just hits the fishbowl it starts its song , but it 's still cute . The balls themselves are fun for him to play with . They have little plastic fish inside that twirl on their own when the ball is shaken . He can watch a video playing with a ball in his hands and be content with that.I consider this a `` learning '' toy because this was the first toy in which my son understood to and actually placed something in the bowl and took out as well . Of course , some of his other little toys end up in there but it 's still educational all the same!It 's a very pretty toy . He seems to enjoy looking at it when it lights up and the water/glitter within the bowl is eye-catching . If I sit him down with only this toy , he will continue to play with it for as long as I have him there.I also am a big fan of any toy with volume control which this toy has -- a low and a high volume setting.My only gripe with it is that the `` sound '' sounds more like a toilet bowl flushing than anything aquatic , but my son ca n't tell . All in all , a cute simple toy for a young baby just learning how to play `` for real '' . : -RRB-
 This is a wonderful toy for baby . The walls of the fishbowl are filled with fish , water and glitter . It has a rounded bottom , and rocks and plays `` fishy watery '' music when bumped . Three flutterballs come with it . They are balls with independently spinning fish inside.We brought out this toy when my daughter started sitting up , and she loved it . She enjoyed rocking the bowl to hear the music and see the fish swim . Then she moved on to putting the balls in and out , in and out . Next came chasing the flutterballs . It 's amazing how many ways she has found to play with and enjoy this seemingly simple toy.The bowl has a volume switch , which has 2 volumes and off . This is VERY important , because the bowl is quite sensitive . We 've started it up just walking into our baby 's bedroom at night to check on her ! The music is relaxing , and even though sometimes it gets tiring to hear it over and over , it is n't really annoying.This fishbowl is quite sturdy . Ours has been dropped many times by the 3 1/2 year old sister , and shows no signs of abuse . The balls need to be hunted down periodically , but that is just the nature of balls . At least there are only three!We love having this toy at our house , and I 've also been giving it as a gift . Give it a try , I think you 'll like it too !
 We bought this for our son when he was 6 months old . At first he just liked tipping over the bowl to get the balls out . Now , at ten months , he is able to grab the balls and put them back in . It has really helped his gross motor skills.On a practical note , the opening is too small for a baby 's head to fit , which he has tried to do . Plus , if your child spits up inside the bowl , it washes out easily.I would definitely recommend this toy .
 My daughter got this as a Christmas present , and , at 7 months old , had figured out how to put the flutter balls in and out of the bowl ... it was lots of fun for her , and for us . The music , with it 's funky , calypso beat is also not annoying , which was also good for us all . : -RRB- I am giving it ' 5 ' stars , but we have noticed that sometimes you need to really drop the ball into the bowl to get the music to play -LRB- the lights still flash just fine , and we 've tried changing the batteries a few times -RRB- . It is possible that this was dropped in transit between visits somewhere and maybe something is n't connecting like it used to . However , it is still enjoyable for everyone involved , especially our daughter ... and that 's all that counts !
 This toy was great when dd was learning how to control her hands . The whole that you drop the balls into was large enough that she did n't have troubles `` missing '' . The balls where just the right size for little hands to hold on to.It is extremely durable - dd dropped the entire fish bowl several times and the balls have been dropped , kicked , stepped on and who knows what else - they all still work just like the day we opened the box . Even though dd is now 20 months old she ocassionally still pulls this toy out to hear the fun music and see what other treasures she can insert into the bowl . Also , we like the volume feature.She did n't seem to pay much attention to the `` floating/spinning '' items inside the translucent balls . Also we would bring this along to grandma & grandpa 's house frequently - and since they have a dog , we found it difficult to easily get all the dog hair out of the fishbowl . And finally we wish that it played a few more toons . The one song it does play is definitely upbeat and does n't seem to get annoying as quickly as a lot of the toys out there.A great toy to have !
 This was a babyshower gift . My two year old started playing with it immediately - so much that we had to put new batteries in it before my daughter could play with it . She 's been playing with it since she was about 5 months old . She 's 9 months old now . It 's good for all kinds of development
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 6 months old at Christmas time . She loved it then and Still loves it now at 12 months old.Educational = teaches cause and effect , if you touch it or put the balls in the music playsDurability -- she has thrown this off her high chair and across the room and it still works!Pluses
 My son received this toy when he was just an infant and enjoyed it . He liked putting things inside of it and pulling them back out . The noise that it makes is n't at all annoying , like some of his toys can be , although it does sort of sound like a toilet flushing . I would recommend it for a child under the age of one .
 My daughter enjoyed the Ocean Wonders Aquarium in her crib so I decided to get the fish bowl for her to play with in her play yard . She was almost 6 months old and just starting to sit unassisted . The fishbowl was just the right size . It gave her something to hold onto and play with while sitting . After only a couple of days she was sitting for longer periods without falling over . First she was more interested in rocking the bowl and flipping it over to spill the balls out . At 7 months she started rolling the balls and we could pass them back and forth on the floor . I 've made a game of trying to make the fish and the sea shell spin inside the flutter balls . I enjoy playing with this toy as much as the baby does . I like to spin the bowl around clockwise to shake the glitter up and make the fish swim by . When I first saw this toy I thought it was only good for was practicing hand-eye coordination by taking the balls out and putting them back in , but there 's so much more to it . It lights up and plays cute little water sound effects and music , but even when it 's turned off it 's still pretty exciting -LRB- which is good since my daughter likes to flip it over and turn off the switch on the bottom . -RRB- Imaginative minds can find many different ways to play with this toy so it 's definitely one children can enjoy for years to come .
 Great toy for baby . He 's a year old and still loves it !
 This looks like a great product and my husband and I were in love with it for our child on the way . We already have a real fishtank in the baby 's room for it 's soothing properties and a fish bowl in the living room . We thought this product was great and were about to buy it when we thought for a second ... We thought about it from a child 's prospective . I am sure for a while the child will not know the difference between the toy fish and the real fish . This type of play toy will entice the child into assuming that if these `` play '' fish are removable from their bowl , then so are our other real fish in either the bowl or the fish tank we have!Granted all of our fish are out of reach of a little one for a while , but it 's still a concern of ours that we do n't want to have to un-teach later.Otherwise , I would say it is a great product for helping toddlers learn . Good starter toy before they are able to do the toy where the shapes have to be matched up to get them inside the block , which takes more dexterity & more cognitive motor skills .
 My son Andrew loved putting the balls in and out of the fish bowl . I liked the fine motor aspects of this . Andrew was really fascinated with this toy . It is very durable and the base of it is nice and heavy so it does not roll away . It is a quality toy .
 I ca n't say enough , we love this toy !! The concept of little colored balls being put in and out is so basic to an adult but fascinating to a child !! My son learned the words Fish and Ball from playing with this and the music is really cute . One suggestion for those new parents , if the music starts going off key , it 's not a problem with the toy , it 's just time to change the batteries .
 My son has one of these , being a keen fisherman I found this toy particulaly great :-RRB- . It has fish in water inside the bowl with sparkly bits and lights up and plays carribean style music which is hilarious . It also does this everytime the baby drops one of the coloured balls in . It is visually pleasing for the baby and us - good work Fisher Price
 My two boys love this fishbowl . The balls are the perfect size for little fingers . The things inside twirl and whirl much to the delight of little eyes . The fishbowl itself makes comforting , not obnoxious , sounds and music . The glitter and fish dance to the sounds and lights . When babies get a little bigger it is great for cause and effect . Putting the balls in and dumping them out . Another plus , cost . It is fairly inexpensive for as much use as it gets .
 My son was given this as a gift when he was 7 months old . He played with it so hard I was amazed it lasted ! It 's been dropped , chewed on , you name it ... and it still works 2 years later . I have purchased numerous Oceans Wonders Fish Bowls & Aquariums and will continue to as long as they make them .
 Gavin has loved this toy since he was tiny . When he was little I would sit it near him because it takes very little to make the music and lights go . If he would move his little hands and feet the music and lights would start.He is now nearly 7 months old and he loves to take the balls out and then put them back in -LRB- he 's going to be a basketball pro ... haha ! -RRB- . He also likes to try to chew on/lick the balls . He tries to drink the fishbowl . We are pretty sure that he thinks it 's a big cup of water!Great toy ! Fun ! Not annoying like some of our other musical toys !
 My mother in law got this toy for my 4 month old and he LOVES to tap at it and hear the noise . The music is actually good compared to some toys that are horrible . I have found myself hitting it just to hear the music = -RRB-
 My sister bought this toy for my daughter when she was 6 months old . My daughter loves it !! It only took her a few days to figure out how to get the balls out and put them back in . She loves the lights and sounds that it makes . I thought the music would be annoying , but it 's really not . . I just turn it on low . The only thing that happened with mine is the speaker went out after only 2 weeks of use . The lights worked great , so I knew it was n't the batteries -LRB- I replaced them just to be sure -RRB- . I called customer service and they are sending me a replacement . I think this is just an isolated incident with this one toy and it should not be a reason to not buy the fishbowl . I would still buy another even with the speaker going out . Kylie loves her fishbowl !!
 We bought this as a Christmas gift for our then three month old baby . at first she would only sit and look at it but now three months or so later she has learned to dump out the flutter balls and she rolls the fishbowl around on the floor . The music plays after a ball is dropped into the bowl and there are two settings for the volume which is nice . The fish `` swim '' around the bowl and lights and music play giving the baby cause and effect lessons.I think that this item is a bit overpriced but do not regret the purchase .
 My now 7 month old still loves this toy . We gave it to her when she was 4 months old and she loved to kick it and bat at it to make the music go . I 'd have to say it is one of her favorite toys . Now she crawls after the little balls and likes to watch the fish spin inside them . Although I wish there was an automatic turn off if not played with for five minutes or so . Or just remember to turn it off all the time ... unlike us ; -RRB-
 I have 2 sets of twins , 3 year old b/g and 8 month old b/b . We also have MANY pets -LRB- 2 dogs , a cat , and fish -RRB- . My kids just LOVE looking at the fish tank so someone bought this for us as a joke , but my kids LOVED it !! My 8 month olds love rolling the balls and putting them in the bowl . The 3 year olds love to sort of throw them in the bowl , -LRB- not recomended , but as long as the babies are n't around I dont hassle them too much :-RRB- -RRB- . They all love this toy and I had to go out and buy another one , -LRB- I cant have ALL four of them playing with it at once ! -RRB- This toy is NEVER in the toy box , because someone is always playing with it ! My 8 month olds are actually really in love with the turtle , while the 3 year olds love the pink fish ! I think they like the bubbles better than the music -LRB- because thats what `` the real fishies -RRB- do ! -RRB- I love the aquarium toys -LRB- we have the crib ones too -RRB- and I love fisher price . Your kids will LOOOOVVVVEEEEE this too !
 I bought this for my son , because he has the ocean wonders pails , and enjoyed those . When I got it home & out of the package I turned it on & was surprised at the different sounds it makes . It makes a wavey swishing sound , a fairy dust type noise , and then a tropical type song . It is so cute . The flutter balls are so neat too . The music and sounds are activated by touching the bowl or putting the flutter balls inside . My son loves this I make him dance to the tune it plays . FINALLY a cheap toy that 's actually nice .
 I just bought this toy for my 6 month old son , and he loves to play with it , when his 23 month old sister allows him . She likes it more than he does , I think . Also , the music is very catching , I do n't mind hearing it over and over again . I think this toy will last a long time in my family .
 I bought this toy as a Christmas present for 5 month old twins that I was caring for , and they fell in love with it instantly . At first , they were just captivated by the lights and music , but as they grew older , they starting really enjoying taking the balls out and then dropping them back in , as well as just enjoying playing with the balls in general.They loved to tip the bowl over and make the balls fall out , and my little girl seemed to fancy sticking her face into the fishbowl -LRB- we neved did figure out why , but she got a kick out of it ! Mommy even said she chose it to spitup in it once ! -RRB- . They both adored the light hearted music which played when the bowl was tipped , and as they became steadier with picking up and holding things , they would pick up toy keys and other such things , and even their cheerios , and drop them into the bowl , and then reach in and try to `` fish '' -LRB- no pun intended ! -RRB- them out.I am so glad I bought this toy for them ! It kept them engaged and interested , and it let and encouraged them in learning how to pick things up and hold them , as well as make them disappear and then reappear again ! They will be playing with this for a long time to come !
 My 10-month-old son LOVES this toy . He received it as a Christmas present when I asked for toys that would demonstrate cause-and-effect . The music is very pleasant , and the lower volume setting is not loud at all . He loves to whip the balls around the living room , and with hardwood floors , they 've held up extremely well . Even when he was not able to put the balls into the bowl , he could make the lights and music/sound effects come on with any movement of the bowl , and he was -LRB- is -RRB- fascinated by the fluttering motion of the fishes and shell inside the balls . Now that he understands that the balls go in , he is constantly playing with this . This is by far the best toy he 's received .
 My daughter loves this toy !!! She is just under 6 months old , but we 've had it for a little over a month now . She used to just enjoy listening to it , the swishing water sounds , lights and music are great ! But now she is able to hold onto the balls , and rock the bowl by herself to start the sounds and lights . She 's enjoying it even more . A great toy for just under -LSB- $ -RSB- , you ca n't go wrong !!!
 As a mom of three -LRB- under the age of three -RRB- , this is one of the best baby toys we have ever owned . All babies love it and the music is just the right volume so parents do n't get annoyed . I highly recommend this for baby gifts !
 We got this toy when our little girl was 6 months old . She is STILL playing with it . She loves to put the balls in and take them out -LRB- and put other toys in too -RRB- . She also rolls other balls across the tiled floor and chases them and bangs them together . She also was putting her head in the bowl and testing out her vocal cords ! If there was any complaint it is this-if you look face down into the bowl it is just plain white and I think it would have been more interesting if there was a sand/pebble bottom like a real fish tank . Otherwise I love this toy .
 My sister gave this to my daughter when she was five months old . At first she just loved rocking it so the music would play , but now that she is 11 months old she can put the balls in and out and she claps and dances and sings with the music . She also puts her bottles , blocks , and anything else that will fit in there . Whenever we take this toy out she squeals and comes right over . It is an excellent toy for babies this age !
 This is a wonderful toy for a baby to enjoy from about six months on . The lights , splashing water sounds , and swimming fish are eye-catching to baby . The three balls that are meant to go inside the bowl each have spinning fish inside , so the balls themselves are fun to play with . The toy has a two volumes , so the music can be medium or soft . This is the only toy I have that makes sound -LRB- I 'm anti noisy toys -RRB- but this one is great ; the noise is soft and soothing because of the water sounds , and also the sounds are rewarding for baby because the toy only makes noise when the balls are placed inside.I highly recommend this toy as a great gift for new babies . I have given it to several friends , and they have all reported that their babies enjoyed it as much as mine did .
 I bought this as a gift for my 9 month old niece this past Christmas-it was soooooo adorable-the sounds-the soothing music and water waves were adorable-my niece could not get enough of it-everyone elses gifts were tossed aside . Totally recommended !!!!
 I love this fishbowl . My baby just seems to take the balls out and walk around with them without any regards to the bowl , but now she is one and we are just learning to put things back in . So she should be playing with the fishbowl and the balls . At first , we would take the balls with us to playgroups , because she would n't put them down . And the flutter characters inside delighted all the other babies . I recommend this . I has plays such nice music and the batteries really last .
 My daughter loves the sound and motion of this fishbowl . She learned how to move her hands in order to pick the balls up within 1/2 hour though - so I am not sure how long she will love it !
 I recieved this as a baby shower gift , and my son is now 4 months old and LOVES this toy ! He picks up the balls and tries his hardest to move them . He just loves the music and glitter in the water ! He also has the Ocean Wonders Bounce seat and the Ocean wonders crib aquarium . My husband loves Fish and my Son has picked up the habbit . WONDERFUL Toy at a GREAT Price
 This toys batteries last a long time . The kids all throw it around and its very durable and its always a favorite at playtime . My daughter never seems to tire of playing with this one . Also , the music and sounds are very soothing and not annoying at all !
 Amazing to watch the stages that little ones do with this . We are still playing with ours . And has held up Great for being bounced around !!! Great Gift !!! Everyone that comes to our house loves this ... kids & adults !!!
 I bought this toy for my son when he was 6 months old and was just learning to sit up . The Ocean Wonder 's Aquarium bouncy seat was getting too small and he loved the music and sounds from that . The tunes and sounds are different than the bouncy seat and crib toy - not as soothing , but captivating and never annoying like some musical toys can be . The fishbowl itself is extremely durable , as are the 3 little balls that are included . He has lots of fun just with those , putting them in the fishbowl or watching the creatures inside as I roll the ball to him . Now he 's 8 months and still loves the toy and plays with it several times a day . Recently his 14 month old cousin came to visit with toys of her own , yet she kept coming back to this toy . I 'm going to send her one of her own !
 it teaches baby action and reaction . the balls are colorful , fun , and VERY durable . try breaking one of these balls and i bet you 'll have to try pretty hard ! same with the fishbowl . the music is cute , the lights are pretty , and the fishies are neat ! the second i opened this toy up , my daughter knew just what to do with the balls . it 's very educational !
 We bought this toy when our son was 16 months and our daughter was 4 months old . They both got a lot of use out of it . My son has developmental delays and it helped him a lot with some of his goals . My daughter loved to pat at it and when it 'd make noise , she 'd shreek with glee!It teaches Cause and Effect - take the ball put in the bowl see/hear the effect of it . VERY good ! Also teaches that the child can make something do something cool without hardly trying.Would DEFINATLY recommend to anyone !
 I bought this for my 5 year old who is Autistic . He loves the water and I thought he might like this . He loves it ! He takes it to bed with him every night . He 's pretty rough on things , but this has held up really well so far . He 's not that interested in the balls though . I love that it 's sturdy and that it stops making noise very quickly after it 's left alone . It forces him to keep playing with it , rather than just watching it . I would love for Fisher-Price to come out with more toys with the Ocean Wonders theme that can be used by older kids . The Aquariam that attaches to a crib and the Play and View that is used in the car are limited to babies only .
 My daughter has enjoyed the Ocean Wonders aquarium on her crib since birth , so I decided to get this for her as well . At 7 1/2 months old , she is very into crawling around and exploring . She loves the balls inside must as much as the floating fish and music . This is a wonderful toy .
 I got this item for my 8 month old daughter for christmas , and she absolutely loves it !!! I would recommend this toy for any parent , the lights and the music is fun for my daughter . The only problem is any time you touch it , it makes noise . But Otherwise this toy is really awesome !
 We bought this before my daughter was born . The second my 8 month old nephew saw it in the nursery he had to play with it . He absolutely loved it ! Putting the balls inside the bowl and taking them out really helped develop his coordination . He is now 16 months and still likes to play with it . Now my daughter is 6 months old and she is finally interested in it . The first time she put one of the flutter balls inside she started laughing so hard ! The only negative I can think of is that if you walk past it in the middle of the night while it is still on it may startle you .
 This toy just creamed my 6 month old , he loves fish and balls ! It was a favorite up until about he was 14 months and the balls got lost !
 My daughter even liked watching ME us this before she could . For some reason I even like playing with this. :--RRB- Very cute .
 This is the best toy ! When my daugter was very young , she would hit the toy . This causes the music to play , lights to flash , and the fish & water inside to rock -LRB- teaches cause & effect -RRB- . As she grew she learned to pick the balls out and later put the balls in . She is now 11 months old and she still likes this toy . Now she enjoys throwing & chasing the balls around the room with dad ! Extra 's
 Ever since our son was 2 months old , he likes looking and listening to the fishbowl . Now at 6 months , whenever he is near it , his eyes are glued to its direction . He loves grabbing for it and watching the lights and movement . You have to move the bowl three times in order for the music to start . The first two times , it makes a bubbling sound and the lights turn on . My husband and son now have a routine
 What a great toy ! My mom bought this for my son when he was only 4 months old . He was n't interested in it until he reached about 7 months old . Now , he plays with this bowl approximately 5 times per day for as long as 40 minutes at a time . He quickly learned how to put the balls in the bowl and take them out . We also put other toys in the bowl for him to play with . Between this toy and the Lamaze fish bowl ... my son is capable of up to 2 hours per day of independent play at 10.5 months of age without becoming bored . I love this toy .
 This toy was great for our son 's first year . When he was really little , we used to show him the lights and motion in his darkened bedroom . Then when he got older he learned how to take the balls out . Later he learned how to put them back in!He did enjoy this toy alot , however , now that he is 13-months he does not play with it very much anymore .
 My son loves this toy , just starting to learn cause and effect , he gets a kick out of the bubbling noises , the rocking motion and the cute toys that come along with it . He loved the toy so much , that we went ahead and purchased the other toys in this line of underwater fun .
 I bought this for my son and he absolutely LOVES it !!!! I really did n't think he would enjoy it this much , but he does !! He plays with it EVERY SINGLE day . Great toy and definitely worth the price !
 I bought the fishbowl for my son at Christmas last year -LRB- he was about 6 months old -RRB- . He did n't quite know what to do with it at first , and his hands were a little small to grab the balls well . But he loved to look and bat at the bowl , and the sound/lights got his attention . As he has grown , this has become one of his favorite toys and still is at nearly 1 1/2 years old . He loves taking the balls out and putting them back in . Another favorite activity is watching the spinners inside the balls as they roll across the kitchen floor .
 My daughter has had this since she was born . At first she would bat at it and listen to the music . You have to move it several times before the melody plays , and we would hear the music every 15-20 seconds !!! :-RRB- Now that she is 6 1/2 months she teeths on the raised bubbles -LRB- towards the rim -RRB- , knocks it over , drops the balls inside and dances to the music . Its so cute to watch ! This is still one of her favorite toys ! Since she has had it for her entire life , the melody is a familiar friend . This was a wonderful baby gift !!!!!!
 I originally bought this toy when my daughter was a couple months old . At that time we used the toy at tummy time and she would reach out a bat it to make the lights and noise turn on . Now at nearly 7 months old she sits up and plays with it . She tips it over to get the flutter balls out and then continues to watch the fish `` swim '' around . One of my best toy buys !
 My daughter received this when she was 5 months old and could not yet sit up . When she reached out and pushed the fish bowl , the music made her wiggle all over and the fish `` swimming '' around the bowl held her attention . She loved it ! Now that she can sit up and put the balls into the fish bowl , this is her favorite toy . Best of all
 My parents bought this toy for my daughter when she was about 7 months and it has become one of our most favorite toys . The music and fish swimming around the bowl fascinates both of us . She absolutely enjoys taking out the balls and throwing them around then crawling after them . Even the cats enjoy playing with it . Definitely well worth the money
 We bought this toy for our baby when she was about 4 months old . Initially she would just lie on the floor and bat at it to make the fish `` swim '' and the music go on . As she got to be about 5 months old , she would start rolling over on the floor to try and grab one of the balls . Now that she is learning how to sit up at 6 months , we prop this in front of her and she loves to try and grab the balls and looks inside the fishbowl . It 's a great toy for a beginner at sitting because she would almost use the bowl to balance herself at first . Although the recommended age was 6mo + , I think this is a wonderful toy for a 4 month old and up as he/she is learning new skills and developing . Plus the fish , lights and music are just pleasant and fun for any age .
 I know this sounds like an advertisement for FP but they certainly make toys that keep an infant 's interest . We played with this toy at a friend 's house and I knew it was a keeper . We have lots of `` sorting '' shape toys primed and ready to go , but at 11 months , its too early . This is a great toy before the infant has the developmental ability to tell shapes -LRB- star , square , etc. -RRB- but does like the put in and take out action .
 The Ocean Wonders Fishbowl was one of the first toys that caught my eye when I was buying Christmas gifts for my now 10 month old daughter this year and I am so glad that we got it for her . I thought it was pretty and that the swimming fish would keep her attention and I am happy to see I was correct . She loves it and it has become her current favorite . Ever since she was a month old she has enjoyed the toybar on the Ocean Wonders Bouncer Seat , so I was pretty sure she would like the fishbowl because of the water effects and the fish , but her favorite thing to do with the toy is to take the 3 flutter balls out and then put them back in again . She also seems to really enjoy the music and loves rocking the fishbowl to make it start playing.Although the baby likes it a great deal , the music is the only reason I do n't give this toy a perfect score - it can be a little bit annoying from the parental point of view . It is the same tune every time and the toy is very sensitive so it does n't take much movement to set it off . I believe that in an earlier review someone complained that the toy was too sensitive and it would start playing if she just walked by it , and I agree that there have been times when I have set it off by just brushing the playpen on the way out of the room . But there is a volume control switch -LRB- high , low , and off -RRB- so it is very easy to change how loud the music is playing and even turn it off if it bothers you to much.Music aside , I think that this is a wonderful toy for a small child and would recommmend it to all parents .
 We bought this for our son when he was about 6 months old and he loved it from the start . When he was younger he would bat or kick at it and make the music come on and he would watch the fish swim around . As he got older he discovered the flutter balls . He loves putting them in the bowl and then taking them out . -LRB- This is great for fine motor skill development . -RRB- He also discovered that if he shook the balls or rolled them across the floor that the object inside moved . He is now almost 15 months old and this remains a favorite toy . We had purchased another fish bowl toy -LRB- soft style -RRB- and he showed no interest.This item is also very durable . Our son carries it around and drops it on our hard wood floors . He also turns it over and bangs on it like a drum . It is still working great!Unlike other musical toys , the sounds and music from this item are pleasant , even to adults . It makes water sounds and has a musical song with a calypso like flair.We have had several other children over our house and this fishbowl attracts them all . After visiting , several of the parents have purchased a fish bowl of their own upon seeing their child 's enthusiasm for the toy .
 What a great toy ! My 7 month old son really enjoys playing with the fishbowl . Now that he can sit up , his favorite thing to do is to reach into the bowl and take the balls in and out . Another great feature is the volume control button . As parents , we can all appreciate toys that have that ! When the fishbowl is moved or balls are dropped into it , it reacts instantly by alternating with fun water sounds , music and lights . Because it is heavy , the bowl does n't slide around a lot when my son is playing with it . The base is rounded so when he tips it sideways to reach into it , it rolls back into an upright position . I have not had to replace the batteries yet and we 've had it for 2 months . I would highly recommend this toy - it has colors , lights , music and keeps my son entertained !
 This item is great . Our 8 month old has had it since he was 5 months . It has so many great qualities . Our son loves the upbeat music and light show as he touches it . At his age now he is having the time of his life learning how to take the balls in and out . I find this item to be very educational and entertaining .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for my daughter who is 6 mos . old . She got 5 shots at the doctor today , so I pulled it out to help curb her fussiness . This was money well-spent ! She loves this toy . She likes the flutter ball , the noises and the movement of the fish and water . I like that it has sound control . Her 2 yr . old sister also enjoys playing with it . This toy offers differernt learning opportunites for baby . I plan to give this as a gift in the future .
 My son is 14mo . and he loves this toy . He has loved his Peaceful Plantet Aquarium so much that when the Ocean Wonders Aquarium came out I knew we had to buy it . The fishbowl has been very entertanining . My son loves to roll and chase the balls . They do roll fast and disappear under furniture quickly . The music really holds his attention . I highly reccomend buying this toy !
 I saw this toy in a. . . catalog I received & knew my daughter would love it because she just loves her Peaceful Planet crib aquarium so much . I really like the sounds it makes & the flashing lights . They really keep my daughters attention . She loves to watch the little fish float by when she moves it . The little flutter balls are made of a hard plastic so watch out for anything breakable ... they travel pretty far & pretty fast when thrown !
 I was very surprised that it came with batteries ! We are still on the initial set too , two months later . I love the music , it has a tropical beat to it . When baby drops a toy inside it makes a spashing sound , and then the tropical music starts up . Our baby loves to bop to the music.The fish/shell balls are so-so . Our baby puts any old thing in , but likes to roll the balls . The fish and shell inside the balls spin when you roll them , which is kind of neat . If you spin the fishbowl in one place , the glitter moves around the outside , and our baby loves to watch the sparkles.All in all , a great toy that is sure to last many months of enjoyment !
 Even though the recommended age is six months plus , my son has been enjoying this toy since I bought it for him around three months . It is perfectly safe for younger babies , and is fun for them too . When he first got it , he loved to lay on his tummy and hit it to activate the music and sounds . This is a great toy to encourage tummy time . Around four months , he started scooting -LRB- a few inches maybe -RRB- after it when he pushed it away . He also began to tip it over and knock the balls out . He is almost six months now . At this point , he rolls around on the floor with it , pushing it , tipping it , and rolling the balls . He loves the lights and sounds , and so do I . He has n't mastered the intended use of this toy yet , but it still thrills him . I am glad I bought this for him early and I expect it will excite him for many more months as he learns to use it in new ways . This is definately one of the best toys that I have bought him , and I have bought him a lot !!
 Our twins love this fish bowl . The sounds it makes are so cute , and it looks so neat . It lights up , makes bubbling sounds and plays music when you tip it or put things in it . The bowl comes with three plastic balls with little spinning fish inside them . It has two settings for volume , too . A quieter setting is nice when one of my babies is sleeping nearby and the other still wants to play . It 's a good educational toy as well since it teaches children about object placement -LRB- the balls can fit in the bowl and come back out -RRB- and cause and effect -LRB- when the balls are put in the bowl , it plays music and makes noises -RRB- . It 's a great toy and keeps my two entertained for a little while . Try the Ocean Wonders Aquarium and the Ocean Wonders Spraying Whale ball , too . All of the toys from that line are great !
 I bought this toy to go with our Aquarium nursery theme . The music and sounds are very cute . The colors are good for either a boy or a girl . Overall , I think this is a good toy.I was disappointed in the balls which go in the fishbowl because they are different colors it is difficult to see the little fish inside of them.I was also disappointed with BRU.com because this toy has been discontinued so when I received the toy it was scratched did n't exactly look new . I e-mailed and they said they could not replace it because they had no more in stock but that they would give me a refund . I did n't want a refund . I wanted a replacement so I contacted Fisher Price directly and they sent me a replacement .
 This toy was a life saver !!!! My daughter is 7 months old and always on the go . She gets bored easily and needs something to keep her attention . I pulled this toy out after trying everything else under the sun and ... eureka . As soon as I turned it on she was enthralled . She immediately began to smile , bounce up and down , and smack the toy . She now plays with this over and over . The music gets to be a little too much after awhile , but this is the price you have to pay for some sanity . It is very durable as well . This has fallen to the floor several times and no effect . This is well worth the money .
 Our daughter began using this toy when she was about 3-4 months old . She loved to bat at it and watch the fish swim around and listen to the `` waves '' and music . When she learned to sit up , she loved to put the balls in and take them out of the fish bowl . Now , as a 11-month old , she likes to play with just the balls . She spins them and rolls them across the floor and crawls after them . The balls are a perfect size for her to hold and roll around . This toy has been a hit for 8 months ! It 's definately a favorite !
 My son loved this toy as an infant ! The sounds are adorable , and the lights are entertaining . He liked putting the `` fish '' in and taking them out over and over . He still thinks this toy is fun at two years old -LRB- usually when he sees someone else playing with it ! -RRB- I would recommend it for any child under 18 months .
 I loved this as soon as I saw it . I hoped all the way home that me little girs would love it as much as I did . I have not been able to put it away in the toy box , it is always out and being played with . The little balls even go with the girls in the bath tub they love them so much . The fish blow is the center of fun in the living room . They put not just the ball in the fish bowl anything that will fit has been in and out and then in again . I hope you kids love it as much as my little one do . this is very safe and can take a lot of beatings .
 I bought the wonders fishbowl when my daughter was about 7 months old . She loved it . She 's now 2 1/2 and STILL plays with it . This toy is extremely durable as has past the test of being thrown down the stairs a couple of times . There is a volume switch which is very nice . I guess my only `` complaint '' would be is that I wish I could have the option of having just the bubbly sound and not bubbly and music -LRB- they play separately -RRB- .
 This toy is great for younger babies , wonderful for teaching them to grasp things . My son loved to put the balls in and take them out again over and over again and also watch the fish move inside the ball . And the joy on his face when the music plays is priceless . So far it has been pretty durable . I highly recommend this toy !
 Someone bought this toy as a gift for my son when he was about three weeks old . I thought for sure he was too young to enjoy it , but I would put it on the floor with him and he would hit it over and over again and stare at it while it made music and light up . He is three months now and still loves it . I 'm sure we will get a lot of use out of it . One of the fish on ours also got stuck up at the top but my husband kept working with it until he got one of the other fish to dislodge it . Overall , a great toy .
 The rockin ' and rollin ' lights and music feature makes my baby laugh , and the 3 plastic fish balls teach manual dexterity . The fishbowl rolls around fine on the floors , but it 's heavier than it looks , so do n't drop it !
 I bought the Ocean Wonders Fishbowl as a gift for our 10 month old grand daughter , who recently came to visit . It was an immediate hit and enjoyed so much that it returned home with her ! The lights , calypso music and fish appealed tremendously to her and several other 10 month olds . The fishbowl is very durable and should hold up nicely to toddler activity . This is a wonderful product !
 I got this toy when my son was 6 months old and the sounds the bowl makes made him laugh for an hour . He does n't play with the bowl as much any more but LOVES the balls . He rolls them everywhere , and they are perfect for keeping him entertained while he 's in his high chair . He really enjoys staring at the shapes spinning inside of the balls . I gave it 4 stars for durability because the batteries have died after only a month , but he 's thrown the balls everywhere and they 've survived . All in all , this was a great purchase !
 This was given to my twins when they were only 3 months old , they are now 8 months and still love this toy . It really helps develop hand/eye coordination , and the music is n't annoying to listen to at all . They love to take the balls out of the fish bowl , look at them , and then look in the fish bowl to see if there are any more balls . It 's really cute . And it 's also very durable . I ca n't tell you how many times it 's been thrown around and it 's still like brand new . It 's a great product .
 THIS TOY IS GREAT . MY SIX MONTH OLD DAUGHTER LOVES TO PLAY WITH HER FISH BOWL . IT IS DEVELOPMENTALLY PRACTICAL BECAUSE IT DEVELOPES HAND AND EYE COORDINATION WHEN SHE PICKS UP THE BALL AND PUTS IT IN THE BOWL . THE INFANT IS THEN REWARDED WITH THE MAGICAL LIGHTS AND SONGS OF THE BOWL .
 I bought this for my daughter for her first birthday . She loves putting the `` fish '' -LRB- balls with little fluttery fish inside -RRB- into the `` bowl , '' and even loves playing with the balls by themselves . She giggles when it lights up and plays music.Unlike a lot of musical baby toys , the music this plays is someting that I can enjoy , too . It 's not overwhelmingly loud and it does n't sound like bad video game music . It 's got a hip calypso thing going on and does n't get on my nerves when I 'm trying to work.I bought this for all the babies in the family for Christmas , and have gotten some very nice `` Thank Yous '' that said pretty much what I 've written , here .
 Of all the toys for a crib , this is the best !
 My 10 month old got this for Christmas and absolutely loves it . She has n't played with anything else ! The sound does come on when you touch it , but if it is too much turn it off . You can also control the volume , which is nice . Would definitely recommend for this age group .
 My baby is 5 months old and has loved this toy since about 3.5 months . It is entertaining and he enjoys using it when he sits up . I definately recommend this purchase .
 This toy was bought for our daughter who was 6 months old at the time . For a little girl who gets tired of her toys fast , this one has been a favorite for some time . It seems so simple but for some reason it is her favorite . It features two little fish and glitter in the water , and 3 balls with ocean creatures inside which spin when you roll them , drop them in the bowl and it plays music . Batteries lasted pretty long in this .
 We bought Ocean Wonders Fishbowl for our 6 month old baby after ready all the reviews and I have to say that Elizabeth loves it . At first she just liked the sounds the fishbowl made , but after a while she got the hang of the flutter balls . Now , not only does she like putting them into the bowl and taking them out , but she enjoys rolling them to me.The only problem we had was one of the little fish got stuck on the upper rim of the fishbowl . Not sure how it happened , but it is not moving .
 my sister baught it fo my four months old son and he fell in love with it . and why wouldnt he ? it has water , glitter , fish lights and music when he tips or kicks it . I think its a great toy as it not only helps to entertain the child but also helps the child to learn o follow the objects , tell color as he grows older and keep even the smallest infants busy . while this toy is for 6mths plus my baby loves it by just observing all the fishes having a party !
 Our 11 month old has been playing with this bowl since she was about 6 months old . She loves the twinkling music and we turn off the lights to watch the bowl light up . She can grasp the three balls easily and she enjoys picking them up and placing them inside the bowl . It 's pretty funny to watch her bopping her shoulders and head up and down to the beat . Great baby gift !
 I bought this for Christmas when my daughter was 8 months old -LRB- now almost 11 months old -RRB- . She has loved it from the moment she got it . She basically takes the balls out one by one and waits for me to drop them back in . Sometimes she plays with it on her own too .
 We purchased this for our 6 month old daughter and she loves it . She has already mastered putting the balls in and taking them out . She also loves the music it plays . I would say it 's worth the purchase !
 This toy is so great ... it is a must have ... My daughter has played with it since she was around 4 months ... it helps her sit up and she loves it !
 This is by far my daughters favorite toy . She is always playing with it .
 This is the only toy that has consistently held the interest of our one year old . We bought it before she was born and she has always loved it . She plays with this all the time . The only drawback is that keeping up with those balls is quite a challenge !!
 I bought this toy for my 7 month old for christmas . Well she just adores it . She loves spinning it around and taking the balls in and out of the fish bowl and she claps her hands when she does it . -LRB- to cute -RRB- It plays really music , lights up and makes ocean sounds very soothing . One toy I can say I do n't mind listening to over and over again ;-RRB- Another great toy from fisher price !
 My 8 mo son loves the lights and sounds , and it 's helping him learn that things can be taken out of things . The first thing he did when I gave it to him was reach in and pull out one of the balls . Then he pushed the whole bowl over to spill out the other two . It 's helping him figure this whole `` sitting up '' thing as well , so he can reach in easier . Stealth-learning - I 'm all for it .
 I got this toy for my twins when they were around 6 months old . The sounds are soothing , the water , fish , and glitter are appealing , and this sucker is built solidly ! The flutter balls are also a big hit to take in the tub . Even though my almost-3-year-olds are well past the Put In , Take Out stage of playtime interests , they still like to play with this toy now and then.It still looks like new after 2 1/2 years of being rolled around , dropped , and sat upon .
 My 8 month old son loves this fishbowl . I knew he would because he loves looking at water . The balls are great because the little fish in them spin . I would highly recommend this fishbowl to everyone!But make sure you get this one with the round balls not the one wiht the fish shaped balls .
 I purchased the Ocean Wonders for our 4 month grandson . He loved it , but our other older grandchildren , 19 months and 29 months , would n't let him play with it . The sounds and the fish in the water excited the 4 month old . He will definitely enjoy the toy as he grows .
 We got this as a shower gift -LRB- it was n't what we registered for-she bought the wrong one -RRB- . We almost returned it , but decided to keep it . Well , we took it out when my son was about 6 months old , and it scared him-he cried when he got near it ! So we figured , bad toy . NOT SO ! At about 8 months , he started playing with it , and now , at 10 months , he plays with it maybe 6 times a day , every day ! He loves to chase the balls around floor , watching the fish flutter around inside , he loves making the fishbowl make music , and he loves putting the balls -LRB- and anything else -RRB- inside the bowl ! It 's durable , too , he rolls it all over the floor and bangs on it , and it 's in good condition . Love this toy !
 I bought this for my 1 year old 's birthday . She LOVES it . The music makes her laugh . I would recommend this and ALL the Ocean Wonders toys . We have all of them .
 Our toddler twin girls grew out of this toy by the time they were 18 months old , but that was to be expected , but from the time they were able to play with it , or at least had the perception that it was something interesting to play with , they had a ball with it !! The sounds are like the gurgling of the water , and after the third or so gurgle , this great little South Sea island/Jamaican rhythm starts up and it gets you moving back and forth in a humorous kind of way . I loved it , as did our girls . Probably more interested in my waving back and forth , though.After awhile , the girls found out that the toy could n't do much more , other than put the little balls inside and watch the little lights and hear the music , and that was it . But it 's a great toy , nevertheless , and highly recommended !!
 I bought this for my daughter when she was five months old and just starting to sit up well . At first she just liked to kick it and make the lights and music go off , but as she got older she learned to drop the balls in and would do so for almost 20 minutes at a time ! She is now nine months old and the toy has been kicked , banged , sat on , and it 's still in perfect shape and one of my daughter 's favorite toys ! My only compliant about this toy is that it only has a gurgle sound and one song and with as much use as it gets I am so very tired of listening to it over and over . My brother is having a baby soon and I have already bought one of these for him . A definite must have !
 I received this fishbowl as a shower gift , and my baby -LRB- who is now 11 mths -RRB- loved it from the time she could first sit up and peer inside . This was the first container she ever learned to pull toys out of and the first one she learned to put them back into . It still remains as one of the favorites on her list ! The music is fun for her and the 2 volume controls are also so great . It 's activated by movement on the floor , so if she moves on to play with something else , very often she will be drawn back to it when she hears it 's music again !
 Eversince my daughter saw a fish in an aquarium , she could n't stop saying fish ! I wanted to get her one , but I am not really too crazy about fish -LRB- I am more of a dog person -RRB- . On her first birthday she got this toy and she 's been playing with it eversince ! It just works for me , since I do not have to deal with the cleaning of a real tank and feeding a real fish ! The more important thing is she is happy and that 's all that matters !
 My son really likes this toy . He used to hate tummy time when he was younger . The fishbowl caught his attention long enough for him to stay on his tummy for a while . He still plays with it a lot . He 'll grab the side and tilt it , play with the balls by twirling them around or taking them out to taste them , and just watch the little fish swirl by .
 Okay , my only gripe with this toy is that the song cuts out too fast . My son , Wes , works to get that dratted song to play and then it only plays for a few bars . More ! More ! We 've liked this toy since he could sit up . He gets a kick out of taking the balls out of the bowl and putting them back -LRB- educational , gross motor skills -RRB- and the sounds never fail to illicit a giggle . As soon as that infamous song starts , he starts dancing , and we all dance . Even my three-year old gets moving . He likes the water in the bowl and he tracks the little fish with his finger -LRB- ah ! now we have fine motor skills and hand-eye coordination ! -RRB- . The durability is not in question , since we 've had it for 6 months now and it does n't have a scratch on it . This has been a fun toy and one I 'll be sorry to have to pack away when he 's done with it .
 I purchased the Ocean Wonder Fishbowl for my 3 month old granddaugher . My daughter-in-law liked it so much I just gave it to her for the baby to use at home . This toy is so good for visual contact - with the lights flashing and the fish and the water moving . Then the music adds a lot to it also . One of the neat things about this is the baby can lay on their back and hit the toy with their hand - this gives a lot of stimulation to the baby . The other companion toy that is so great is the Ocean Wonder Aquarium . This has the most calming effect for a baby .
 This is a GREAT toy !!!! I loved it so much - I just had to play with it before DD was even born !!! DD has loved it from very early on ! It was her running favorite for a few months straight!Excellent quality ! Wonderful sounds -LRB- the high volume setting is just loud enough , and the low setting is just quiet enough - and of course there 's the fabulous `` off '' setting when needed -RRB- !
 My son loves this , and he is only 6mths old . . He loves the motion the music , and the balls . He constantly plays with it . The only thing is 1 of the fish is now stuck and not moving but so I 'm going to call fisher price . This is a must get toy !!!
 I LOVE this toy . My daughter is only 3 months old , so when we play with this toy , I do most of the moving , but it keeps her entertained . AND , it is so sensitive to movement that when she hits it accidentally it starts to light up and make noise . I can put it next to her when she 's laying in her play pen or on the floor and it keeps her entertained . The fish are so fun to watch !
 My daughter got this toy for Christmas , and all I can say is that I wish I would have gotten it for her sooner . She is a year old and really loves the fish and music , and especially loves taking the balls `` out '' , and putting them `` in '' . It has helped her to know the meaning of those words and loves to hear the praise . A great learning toy !!
 I bought the Ocean Wonders Fishbowl for my 3 month old little girl and she really loves it . She is at the stage where her hands are reaching out and touching things that she sees . The first night we let her play with the fishbowl she must have hit it a dozen times and watched the lights come on . I 'm sure the toy will become even more appealing to her as she gets older .
 One of my twins saw this toy at a friends house and loved it ! She was totally enthralled at it 's moving water and lively music . We immediately went out and purchased it for her . 6 months later it is still a favorite . The only flaw I noticed is sometimes when the batteries are running down it gets hyper-sensitive and the music will go off if you talk too loud . But then again that 's what the off switch is for until you can replace the batteries !!!
 This is such a great toy , we 've had it since he was 3 months , and he loved to just kick it to make it play music and then he would crack up laughing . He is a year old now , and still loves it . The plastic balls inside are durable and light . The actual bowl is light enough to get activated easily So , Young babies can still enjoy it as much as older ones that toss the balls around or put their mouth inside the bowl to make their own music . He 's learned to flip it and turn the switch on and off . This is one of the few toys that get his attention for a long time .
 We bought this for our almost one-year old daughter for Christmas . She loves putting the balls -LRB- fish -RRB- in the bowl and seeing the lights . She dances to the music , too . -LRB- Quite the catchy tune ... -RRB- The volume is n't obnoxiously loud either . We recommend this to anyone.Downside
 My son of five months got this toy for Christmas and he absolutely loved it . I love how it has music , lights , and bubbles all at the same time . My son just puts it in his mouth and tries to put the balls in there but has n't perfected it yet ! All in all I would recomend this toy because it is entertaining and educational .
 I received this as a shower gift and now that my daughter can sit up she plays with it all the time . It is very durable - she kicks it and hits it with other toys and it still works . The music is very pleasant and it also has two volume settings which is a huge plus . She loves the three little balls that came inside it even though she does n't really have enough coordination to pick them up on her own yet . Great toy !
 I received The Ocean Wonders Fishbowl as a shower gift . My daughter -LRB- now 9 months -RRB- LOVES this toy . She plays with the balls for a while , then she 'll play with the bowl . She loves to put her face in it & make noises !! -LRB- she 's very silly !!!! -RRB- She will play with this toy for about an hour at a time . She has loved this toy for quit some time now , because of the balls & the fun music . I think this is such a wonderful toy . A bit heavy but . . not really a carry around toy !!
 My daughter -LRB- 6 months old -RRB- loves this toy . Whenever she hears the music she starts to look around and ca n't wait to start playing with it . She loves the try and get the balls in the bowl and has now learned if she shakes the bowl it will make the music . We are a big fan of all the fisher price aquarium toys .
 My 7-month-old son absolutely loves his fishbowl ! He has just learned how to take the fish balls out when mommy drops them in , and loves to bat around the bowl itself and watch the fish and lights . He also loves to bat the balls around the living room floor . It keeps him occupied , and therefore I 'm happy !
 I got my son this toy for Christmas and he loves it , the only problem is that I have had to replace the batteries over this past weekend , but he loves it anyway !!!
 Santa brought this toy for my nine month old daughter , and she loves it , and so do I ! The small balls are the right size for her to hold on to -LRB- one in each hand banging them together , usually ! -RRB- and the music is soft & pleasant . My daughter is at the perfect age for this toy - she 's just figuring out how to put and take , and she loves watching the balls roll around inside the bowl . I highly recommend this toy !
 I purchased this toy for my 10 month old daughter for Christmas because all the great reviews on it.I totally agree . This is one toy that my daughter consistantly has wanted to play with over the past few days.She loves to take the balls in and out.She likes the fish floating around the outside of the bowl and the music is not too annoying .
 I bought this for my son when he was nearing 6 months old . It was great for tummy or back time , since whenever he would poke or kick it he was rewarded with music and lights and swimming glittery fish . He would lie on his back and bonk the flutterballs together or wave them in the air to make the fish inside spin . When he started sitting , he loved to take the balls out and roll them around . He is now 10 months old . He still loves the toy . He takes the balls out , puts them back in , takes them out again and tosses them . He played with it even when the batteries wore out . Now he looks inside to see where the music is coming from . He turns the whole bowl upside down and whacks the bottom . It 's been very durable and a lot of fun . The dual volumes are very nice , as is the on/off switch . The fish do occasionally get stuck , but nothing that a good whack has n't been able to solve . Two thumbs up .
 My daughter liked this toy . The only thing I have n't liked is it seems to run out of batteries awfully quick . I have to make sure as soon as she leaves it that it is turned off . Which is a problem when she starts to play with it while I 'm not around .
 My daughter received this last year for Christmas when she was 7 months old . She loved it !! She would stick her face down in the bowl to see the lights and `` fish '' rolling around . Now at 17 months she still enjoys the music , and loves to dance to it .
 I was given this toy for my daughter at 8 months . Wonderful ! She was just learning to sit-up without falling over . This toy really helped . In just a few days she was sitting with no problem . She loved to hold on to the fishbowl and pull the balls out . Her 2 1/2 old brother also loves to take it away from her . He has learned to turn it on and play with it . They both love the sounds , lights and look at the fish floatting . Would recommend .
 Really nice toy for babies learning the motor skills involved with taking and putting things into a container . The sounds are soft enough to be quite charming , the lights add interesting effects and for babies who are intrigued by water , this toy is a really attractive one.I 'm not sure if my son or my husband and I like it more ! Seriously , though , it 's one of the better toys we have purchased .
 My son loves this toy ! He has not figured out dropping the balls into the bowl but he loves to bat it around and make the music and lights play . He is fascinated by the moving waves and the lights . This is a really cute toy that is very baby friendly .
 Our ten month old loves this toy especially because it plays music when he touches it or puts the balls inside . Only problem with this toy is like others that have removeable parts . It does n't take long to misplace the balls !!!
 i went and bought this for my 21 week old son today and he loves it . he is a baby who does not like tummy time and this toy has helped to get him to lay on his tummy for longer periods of time . he just lays and watchs the balls move and the bowls lights and music . this was well worth the money in my book .
 We got this for my 10 1/2 month old daughter and she just loved it ! She loves to carry around the fish and then put them in the fishbowl . She has found many different ways to play with this toy .
 I bought this for my son who is in love with anything having to do with fish and this toy was a BIG hit ! He has a disorder called developmental delay due to having seizures and this toy help him a great deal with his physical therapy too ! Not only is this toy a whole lot of fun but it is educational too ! This is one toy I would HIGHLY recommend to any and all new parents !
 My daughter received this from her grandparents for christmas and she loves it . Here it is March and she still plays with it as if it were new , also it almost appears to be new despite how much she plays with it . Very durable . It is great for teaching children to put objects inside one another .
 This toy is gorgeous - a toy that makes noise but is n't annoying ! The sounds of the ocean and the noise the water makes splashing around inside the bowl walls is really pleasant on the ears for parents and our baby loves it too . Putting the balls into the bowl makes different water and ocean sounds . It was an instant hit in our house this Christmas with all 3 of our children even though it was given to the youngest ... maybe because they love the beach . I also like the softer gentle colours of this range of toys from Fisher Price - makes a nice change from the bright red , blue , yellow , green and orange most of their toys are.Recommended - educational and durable !
 I bought this for my son when he was about 4 months old . I wanted something that would encourage him to sit and play . He was just learning to sit up unassisted . At first he was afraid to put his hands inside . But once he tried , he learned how to grab onto the flutter balls inside and pull them out . The little plastic balls that come with this are the best part . His dexterity has improved since playing with them . He is now almost 10 months old and he still plays with this . I roll the balls for him and he loves crawling after them .
 This is a great toy . My 10 month old still plays with it . When I bought it I knew nothing about it , and it is the only toy she plays with . It does play the same song over and over but there is an off switch . The balls that come with help young ones to learn how to pick up objects and also where to put them . It plays music when the ball is placed inside the bowl . The water and fish around the outside of the bowl are beautiful . I am buying this toy for all the women I know who are pregenant , I like it that much . Great toy , great price !
 I admit I was skeptical when my Mom bought this for my then 5-month-old daughter -LRB- sorry Mom , if you 're reading this ! -RRB- . But my daughter took a shine to it right away , laughing at the music , watching the sparkly `` water '' slosh around , and moving the balls around . She continued to play with it up until she was about 18 mos old or so , almost every day . As her motor skills improved she found more and more things to do with it - spin the aquarium around by herself , shake it to see what happens , try to throw or roll the balls into the aquarium ... I was really surprised at all of the different ways she found to play with this toy . Great call , Mom ! I strongly recommend this toy for other parents .
 This was a belated baby shower gift that I had received when my son was about 2 months old . He used to stare at it when he wa n't able to play . Then as soon as he was able to play with it he has n't tired of it . I love how this game works on his eye hand coordination by taking the balls out and putting them back in . This toy is very durable as it has been now kicked by him , pushed by him , dropped into the toy box by my older girls , and the balls tossed in . My son is now 8-1/2 months old and he still plays with this toy . When my daughter was little she was sent a plain bowl and balls by a company that specializes in educational toys . This is much better and holds babies attention so much more . I love how you can turn the music to two different levels if you do n't want to really hear it but , baby does . I love the aquarium theme line this year .
 My 5 month old baby loved this toy and still does and hes 8 months . It taught him to put in the balls and take them out . The lights , fish colors and motion , and water make the bowl very delightful for the babies . Each ball is interesting b/c of the spinning toys inside . My baby likes to put them in his mouth and move the bowl around the carpet . Very cute toy !!!
 This is such a fun toy . I did n't find it until after my son was a year old , but could n't resist getting it for him since he really enjoys toys that have water in them . He liked playing with the balls and likes to put toys inside the fishbowl .
 My fiancee and I bought this for our niece who is three months old . She loves to grab the balls and hear the sounds when we help her drop them in . I think that this is a great toy from a wonderful manufacturer . This toy will definately be one of those toys that is hard to part with and is passed from family member to family member .
 We bought this toy as a Christmas present for our two-month old son ; needless to say we turned the toy on and our son heard it - - you could see the curiosity in his little eyes ! He 's not quite old enough to play with it just yet BUT we 're sure this will be one of his favorites !! We were again impressed with Fisher-Price .
 This toy stimulates the little ones with the music , water and sound effects as well as the fun balls with the sea creatures inside . Our daughter especially loves the music .
 I bought Kasey for my 3 and 4 year olds . I can not say enough good things about him ! I am getting ready to by another one for my child 's pre-k class . Learning has never been made to be so much fun !
 My daughter got this toy last Christmas when she was 2 . She liked it , but was n't totally enthused . Now at 3 , she is more into it & we tried another cartridge -LRB- Science - Living Things -RRB- . I am a middle school science teacher & I was really impressed with this cartridge ! My son is 15 mos & he also really loves Kasey , but I have to cover the on/off button & play with him . My daugher is able to play with Kasey independently . The only thing that I really do n't like about the toy is the screen - it really needs its own light source . It is too dark & hard to see sometimes , esp . if you are n't right in front of it in a bright room . This is tough when you are playing with a child who may a need a little help - it is hard for you both to see . Kasey the Kinderbot is really cute & teaches a lot . It is very different from the Leap Pad type toys , so it is still worth getting even if you have one of those already .
 I purchased this toy without knowing much more except what was written on the box . My 3 year old has played with it everyday since she got it . It is the 1st toy she likes to play independently . The graphics are very clear and it is teaching her phonics , addition and subtraction , memory skills and problem solving . Because it is such a new toy I have been unable to find the additional program cartridges for it but I will keep looking . I think it is ideal for the preschool age group !
 I bought Kasey for my grandson but for two evenings , my friend and myself have done nothing but play with this toy . He is wonderful and I know my grandson will love him . Now I want one for myself and I am 51 years old !!!!
 I purchased this toy for my 3 and 7 year old daughters . They just love playing with Kasey . Kasey 's movements just make my girls so excited when they play with her . They have so much fun and they are learning at the same time . I thought Kasey would just be a present for my 3 year old but my 7 year old enjoys her just as much as my 3 year old does . I recommend Kasey to everyone with young children . She was sure a hit with our family .
 He would n't play with anything else or even watch tv when his shows were on . We could barely get him to eat . He ran down 2 sets of batteries the first week . We had to put the toy away so he could have time to do other things . Thank goodness Kasey has a volume control , otherwise it would have been excruiating . The toy sort of looks like Rosy from the Jetsons .
 We got this for our son who just turned 3 last Christmas . He LOVES it ! He sits with it for an hour at a time . Besides that , the batteries hold up well too . Great choice - I only wish there were more cartridges available . I wondered if his brother -LRB- who is almost 3 now -RRB- would take an interest . The older one is into books and dinosaurs , but the little one is into trucks and tractors . Well , lately there have been fights over Kasey because our truck loving son loves Kasey too . So looks like he will get a Kasey for Christmas this year . Seems like once they turn 3 , they love it !
 I got this to give my 3 year old son for Xmas , I opened it up to make sure he worked and `` played '' with him a bit myself and he is SO cute ! I can tell that my son is gon na love him ... as I said this is an xmas gift so I cant for sure vouch for his durability yet so that is why I said 4 instead of 5 ... cant wait to give this to my son !! :-RRB- great toy !
 I bought Kasey a couple days ago and my son who is soon to be five years old plays for hours with Kasey . My almost nine year old also likes to play with Kasey , although he is too old for the learning part . My ten month old even tries to play -LRB- grap Kasey hands and chew on the andten . He as been found in my sons bed . This is going to be one of the toy of the year toys that you should get now ! Kasey has other cartiages you can get ranging from math , reading , science , and french and spanish . There are eight that I know of so far . I own one of the science packs and the spanish . Kasey even knows when she/he as been asleep . We LOVE Kasey !
 My son whom we adopted after being his foster parents for almost two years , has autisic tendencies and can get caught up in play by himself and ignore others . Kasey has taught him manners and songs . He loves the interaction and attention that Kasey provides him , and that has spilled over into his daily activities at school and at home . This toy has really changed his patterns and been wonderful for him . We have all the different cartridges and he almost totally fluent in Spanish . So muey bein and gracias to Fisher Price , once again !!
 I bought this toy as a present for my cousin 's birthday . He 's a 4-year-old boy . I was worried a bit coz i have read some review that some kids might get bored so fast with this toy BUT I heard from my cousin 's parent that since this toy has arrived , my cousin has never left it out of his eyes :D He really LOVE this toy . He plays with it everyday , even on the vacation trip he also brought this toy with him : DM cousin also has n't had any struggle with any function of this toy yet . he could access to any game he wants with a little help from his parents . So i think kids do n't have to be sophisticated to play this toy just make sure that they have a right age for playing this toy.Buy it if u have a kid in this age , they will love this incredible toy !!!!
 Just felt I should give some positive feedback about this great toy . My son is now 5 1/2 and received it for his 3rd birthday , he has played with it fairly often considering he has a bedroom and a playroom full of toys . He always comes back to Kasey , he has a few cartridges and loves to put the french one in . He has learned so much from this toy that I recommend it to people all the time . I also have a 15 month old who has started playing with it and loves the dancing and song part . I know I will get many more years with Kasey .
 My son Brian loves Kasey but was asking for more challenging cartridges . Even though the cartridges are easy its hard for Brian not to play with Kasey . I hope Fisher Price will produce more advance cartridges .
 I purchased Kasey the Kinderbot for my daughter for Christmas . What a great toy ! My daughter is 5 and an only child - but Kasey has been a great playmate for her . As she interacts and sings with him , the room is filled with laughter and delight . I have video taped her playing with Kasey as it is so exciting to watch . Not only has Kasey been a good toy for her , he makes learning fun - I am amazed at how much he teaches ! I ca n't wait to purchase more cartridges - the leaning will go on and on !
 I bought this toy for my grandson last Christmas and he truly enjoyed it . However I found trying to buy any extra cartridges to go with my grandson 's advancing age group is impossible . The cartridge that came with this toy was great . However I have been everywhere and can not find additional cartridges -LRB- other than the four or five that are for pre-school -RRB- I bought this with the understanding that it would grow with the child . Where are the `` older '' kids cartridges ?
 My son is only 2 1/2 , below the recommended age of this toy , but he still took to it immediately ! It can hold his attention , and he especially likes the music and dance modes . The only thing that I might consider bad is sometimes when it has been moved , it wont turn on until you push the restart button on the bottom , which he cant do himself . Other than that , we plan to buy more expansion packs for it .
 This is a wonderful toy . My six year old has disabilites and is unable to speak . This is a great way for him to learn and it provides an agumative way for him to communicate what he knows . However , it is really hard to find the cartidges for the other areas . He is ready to move on .
 My son received this when he was almost 4 yrs old . He loves Kasey , able to operate it independently and he 's not bored with it yet . It comes with only 1 cartridge and he received Living Things cartridge as a gift . It was extremely hard to locate the Spanish , and Numbers cartridges . I had to actually call and check Fisher-Price on-line . I finally got -LSB- those cartridges -RSB- . When Kasey is updated , I wish it comes with a backlight or offer a backlight accessory . On ocassion , we have used a flashlight to see the screen .
 This toy has my two year old engaged for hours . He leans about different shapes and opposites and word association . He just loves it ! It comes with different cartriges so you can change to math or science -LRB- but my two year old is not ready for that yet -RRB- , it just means that this toy will have years of use .
 Just got a chance to sit down with Kasey for about an hour and he 's amazing ! There are a number of fun , educational games and puzzles for the kids to have fun while they are learning ! There are a number of expansion cartridges available too , from Math and Science , to phonics and languages -LRB- French and Spanish are available now , with more to come -RRB- . The perfect gift for the pre-schooler to middle-schooler in your life .
 Kasey was a Christmas present -LRB- last year -RRB- for my then 3yr . old . It has been almost a year and she is still enjoying it ! There are so many activities and , unlike her leap pad , Kasey encourages her to get up and dance and exercise ! I love that ! Now my 2yr old is interested in Kasey and likes to listen to the songs as well . I think this is a great toy and I know that when my older child is tired of it , my younger one will still be playing with it .
 Kasey the Kinderbot is the best . I have a three year old and a four year old who loved it . They never get tired of playing with it and its a hit everytime I bring him out . Everything about this product is wonderful , however it could have had some kind of built in light for the front screen . This product is a good investment , I say this because my son is n't where he should be developmentally , but when Kasey is on he is right there learning !
 My son was given Kasey for his second birthday in April and has not gone a day since without playing with it several times a day . It has been very educational - he has picked up so much about animals , the alphabet , and opposites . Our son quickly learned how to navigate around the different games and get to what he wants to play . And there are a lot of games and topics that are covered . One thing I like about Kasey is there are unusual animals and concepts on Kasey - things you do n't see repeated over and over again with other toys . For example , some of the animals used in the games are narwahl , yak , vulture and starfish , along with the typical barnyard animals . The screen is the only drawback . As other reviewers said , it is a cheap LCD screen that is hard to see without being right in front it . My son loves to lay on his stomach and play , though , so it works out . I could see how sharing Kasey with sibilings would be difficult since only the child right in front could really see . It would be great to have a color screen , too . That aside , if our Kasey broke I would run out that same day for a replacement !
 This toy is an excellent learning vehicle . However , I was disappointed to see that this learning toy came with only one software cartridge and that cartridge was Spanish . I have been searching and searching to buy the other cartridge 's before Christmas to no avail . Amazon was carrying only the Science cartridge and that is no longer available . According to Fisher Price other cartridges for social and academic skills are coming soon ; which makes no sense to me .
 Hopefully , Fisher Price will renew its focus on Kasey The Kinderbot , the robot that acts as friend and teacher to kids of all ages . I purchased three Kaseys this Christmas for children in my life , and all three were met with the sort of awe and excitement usually reserved for Ninetendo and X-box . This is a perennial toy that deserves great attention and support from parents and children alike . Fun , funny , charming and uncanny , Kasey is a charmer . Build on it with additional ROMs available from Fisher Price so that children of all ages will enjoy !
 This is going to be a christmas present for my 3 year old nephew , I tested the toy just to make sure it was appropriate , and it 's wonderful . It comes with a generic cartridge with a lot of games , plus a bonus cartridge that teaches spanish , which is great for little kids to learn . Highly recommedable !!!
 FP has really outdone themselves with this one ! Gr * in every way ` ! Lots of different activities so it 's gr8 for all ages . My sons -LRB- 4 1/2 & 3 -RRB- have spent countless hours with this . Thankfully , I was smart enough to but 2 of these-so no battles!Right now , my sons are both learning Spanish with Kasey !!! Just a side note ~ my oldest son is mildy autistic and this toy has really helped to enhance his social skills . He loves giving Kasey `` five '' and singing and dancing with Chip.I would highly reccommend this to anyone !!!!
 This was a last minute request to Santa this year -LRB- 2002 -RRB- and I am surprised I was able to find it and for only $ ... -LRB- And check out the Fisher Price web site for a 5 or 10 dollar rebate on this -RRB- When my son , age 3 , opened it his first words were , OPEN IT PLEASE!Once we finally did , that was it , it has not had a chance to rest.The one thing that I think is great with this is that there is a Volume control and Contrast control that any child can adjust.Kasey and Chip are great to learn with . Your child gets to set the pace of everything . There is no hurry up and answer or to choose a function . Kasey even has a repeat button on his belly -LRB- that orange curve at the bottom of the purple in the picture -RRB- Even I have had to use this if I forgot what he said . The buttons are a good size and spaced apart great so that little fingers can do it . Kasey moves all about , he turns his body , moves his arms up and down and his head spins from side to side . The On/Off button can be easily hit accidentaly if his feet are grabbed . Also , there is a button on the bottom of Kasey that lets him know if he can move or not eliminating him breaking as he is restricted to move . If he is on and not on a flat surface , such as in your child 's arms , he will talk but not move . I love this feature.Kasey comes with one cartridge . This cartridge has ABC Farm , Counting Kitchen , Playground and Game room . In each of these `` rooms '' , a child has a few choices as to what they want to do . There are several songs on it as well . There are so many skills for a child to learn on this cartridge alone . Social skills , academic skills galore and even some physical skills such as dancing , fine motor , gross motor , eye hand coordination and many more.So far he has withstood falling down a flight of stairs , being thrown off a table , dropped and Kasey looks like he is fresh form the box . Durability is great so far . Entertainment is endless . I hear Kasey get turned on with every chance my son gets.I have only played with the cartridge that comes with Kasey and the Science - Living things . Both are great.Hooray for Fisher-Price for making a great toy that lived up to the hoopla that surrounded it this Christmas season .
 I am so impressed with this-by far the best , most fun learning toy I 've bought out of all of them . My 5 year old has oodles of energy , along with sensory & a few developmental concerns so it is hard to focus her on learning for any length of time . Not with this ! Not only is she engaged , she is enraptured ! My child , of the 3 minute attention span , has to be drawn away from `` Robie '' . The format is educational , but not intimidating or boring , with super kid friendly menus and interaction . Those other educational toys have taken a `` leap '' , gone from laptop to the bottom of the give away box , and ... well , you get the point ! Absolute best value , even if it were to cost twice as much !
 The idea is great and the things it says help learn various things . The only real problem this toy has is that the screen can be difficult to see . Even when you adjust the brightness , you have to be exactly at the level of the screen , straight on , to be able to see anything on it . Otherwise , it seems really sturdy and fun . My daughter enjoys it ! -LRB- She is almost 3 years old -RRB- .
 i bought 2 of these and 4 of the 5 cartridges -LRB- i decided to skip french -RRB- I have 2 lil boys almost 2 and 3 . I bought these for christmas and will save the cartridges for birthdays . We got Toby a year ago -LRB- the toddler one -RRB- and he still goes everywhere with us but now i cant find a second one so we fight over them . If they enjoy kasey half as much as they have toby then i will get some peace as they cant fight over the ones they both have.even tho it has been discontinued it can still be a wonderful toy .
 My son received Kasey for Christmas . We have all of the cartridges and I am amazed at what he has learned . He has be teaching me Spanish . I feel that he will be prepared for school next year .
 I bought my son Kasey the Robot for his Christmas gift , since this is what he asked for . He loves it , and I like alot . It is very easy to use , it has many features to play , and they are all very fun and educational . My son has learn alot from him . I think that if you want your children to learn with enthusiasm , you should buy them the robot . It teaches them music , ABC , numbers , and opens their thinking skills . It 's a really good investment for your children 's future ! After all , everybody saids that the younger you teach them the better they get as they grow older . I wanted to buy another one for one of my nephews , but they are out of stock ! As good as this toy is , I think that they should have them always on the shelf , as well as its cartriges !!
 i bought my five year old this as an after thought . turns out this is his favorite toy !!! he sits with it for hours , the price is fair and so is the extra cartridges . you can buy spanish , french , math and other accessories . great way for kids to learn and have fun at the same time i would recommend this highly !!!
 Our 3 1/2 year old twin granddaughters are thrilled with Kasey and so are we . The cartridges are sturdy and easily interchanged . There 's even a volumn control !
 My 3 year old received this as a gift for her birthday this summer and loves it . She drags her Kasey Kinderbot with her continuously . Her name is Kaycee -LRB- pronounced the same as the Kinderbot -RRB- so she thinks this is the greatest . She mostly plays the cookie game , but I have noticed that in the last 4 months her shape recognition has improved as well as her number recognition . I have to hit the reset button quite a bit but that 's my biggest complaint.The games are pretty basic and I would like to see more games created soon . They are pretty easy to master , but overall I think this is a wonderful product . It has outlasted all of her other birthday gifts to remain the favorite . The only other toy that she plays with more is her dollhouse . She is pretty spoiled when it comes to receiving toys so being on her favorite list is quite an accomplishment .
 I thought Santa was done , but apparently when my daughter went nuts after seeing him in an add and then seeing him up close at Wal-Marts he needed to add one more item . I ca n't wait to see her face on Christmas Morning when he is under the tree . I made sure to get mine now while the shelves are full as this will go fast . ... I may go and Pick up a second one for a gift
 If you are looking for an educational -LRB- I hate to use the word toy with this product -RRB- tool for your pre-schooler then look no further . In the past I 've had a hard time keeping my grandson 's attention with educational toys . And was very reluctant purchasing another one . However Kasey the Kinderbot not only caught his attention but keeps it for up to an hour at a time . Kasey has quickly become his favorite . I like the ease of use and the expandability of the programs . I 've recommended it to my friends and family members with pre-schoolers .
 There have been major breakthroughs on price , durability , and presentation design for children 's learning robots and as a result there are several learning ` bots on the market , all with potential to be this year 's * hot * Christmas toy ! They now are much superior to the electronic books that have been popular up to now , although they fill a slightly different role in a kid 's toybox . I am reviewing only the two currently available learning ` bots , not any of the play robots that carry things , talk in different voices , etc. but do not have teaching basic skills as their primary objective.FISHER-PRICE 'S KASEY THE KINDERBOTThis is probably the best -LRB- although it does cost almost twice as much - you get what you pay for -RRB- . It has 40 activities including pre-reading , math , music , and manners . The ` bot is animated as well -LRB- mouth , interactive display screen in his belly , antenna , eyes , hear , arms , and waist all move -RRB- . Kasey also encourages physical play like dancing and stretching . The learning activities are divided into 3 areas ; academic , social , and physical , as follows : Academic skills addressed include Alphabet , Letter Association , Lower Case Letters , Upper Case Letter , Phonics , Sequencing of Alphabet , Word Association , Memory , Matching , Visual Discrimination , Size Differentiation , Number Identification , Counting , Sequencing of Numbers , Identifying Quantities , More or Less , Colors , Animals , Foods , Shapes , Vehicles , Clothing , Animal , Sounds , Body Parts , & Logical Thinking.Social skills that are addressed are Listening , Taking Turns , Manners , Colors , Self Awareness , Following Directions , Emotions , Helping , & Participation.Physical skills include , Dancing , Stretching , Fine Motor , Gross Motor , Singing , Eye-Hand Coordination , Basic Movement , Senses , Balance , & Timing.There are reasonably priced cartridges available for French , Spanish , Science -LRB- beginning biology and earth science -RRB- . A numbers and a phonics cartridge are supposed to be out soon.PLAYSKOOL 'S MAGIC SCREEN LEARNING PALAlthough the Magic Screen Learning Pal costs less -LRB- a bit more than half the Kinderbot -RRB- , it does provide many of the same activities and includes games , music , emotions , ABCs , numbers , shapes , and colors , in both basic and advanced levels . As far as I have been able to discover , there are no cartridges or other add-ons planned . The idea here is to keep it simple and inexpensive and if you are shopping for a child younger than 3 , this is probably a good place to start .
 My son just received Kasey for his 3rd birthday . I saw it in -LSB- a local retailer -RSB- recently and it reminded me of a robot that me and my brother and sister had when we were small . I tried it out in the store and got a real kick out of how much fun it was . There are 4 different screens to get into , an ABC farm , Counting Kitchen which teaches numbers , counting and shapes , a Playground , and a Game Room . There 's lots to learn from Kasey , but the great thing is that once your child has conquered all that he has to teach , you can just pick up a new cartridge . My mom bought the Science cartridge ... The age on it is 3 - 7 . Not sure if all the cartridges are the same age group . I think this would make a great toy for even a 2 year old . If you 're thinking about Christmas , I 'd get it now . I have a feeling this might be the toy of the year .
 Wow , I ca n't say enough about this toy , except what all parents will likely understand , that I have a 3-year-old little boy who will actually sit & be entertained by the learning activities provided by this toy . There are few things that will catch his attention for any period of time , but I have been surprised with the ability of this toy to do so ! We travel frequently for business , which requires him to sit in his car seat for periods of time . This toy is great for the car , even though it 's a bit bulky . He does n't mind the size , and I think he would n't enjoy it as much if it were like the other flat , desk-like learning toys . The robot shape & movements are appealing to him , and the activities featured , along with the child-like voice of the robot , are all great fun for him . He learns quite a bit from this toy , and it 's nice to see him pick up a toy in our home that he will actually play with , smile at , speak to , and interact intelligently with for a great deal of time . He loves learning , and this toy makes him feel that it 's interacting with him , which helps when I have things to do and ca n't spend one on one time with him myself . I especially like to hear the toy respond positively to him , which shows me how extremely well he 's doing when answering the questions asked of him . We allowed him to choose his own toys at Toys R Us for his 3rd birthday , and I was n't too sure he 'd like this toy as much once it left the store , but he proved me wrong ! It 's great , fun , and he loves it . It moves around , dances , and will not move when it 's not placed on a flat surface , which is nice , as it wo n't break . The only complaints I have is the slightly heavy weight , and the fact that the lcd display does n't have a backlight for darker conditions . Sometimes the indoor lighting is n't bright enough to clearly see the screen . Hopefully they will add this feature to Kasey in the future , which will provide endless possibilities for children !
 My son received Kasey for Christmas from his Nana last year . Kasey got sporadic use for a while , but now my son plays with him frequently -LRB- he is 4 now -RRB- . His brothers are in school leaving him alone with me on week days . When I am busy with school work or house work , my son plays with his ` friend ' Kasey.Kasey has a pleasant , happy voice and lots of lights on him , as well as a feature that allows him to turn off if he is ignored for longer than a minute or two . That really saves on batteries . He came with 2 cartridges . My son enjoys the Spanish cartridge ... and much to my surprise he is learning some Spanish from it.I would definitely recommend this for a child in the 3-5 age group . It provides some good preparation for kindergarten . I think that beyond that age that it might be a little too simple .
 I have read a lot of negative reviews on this toy just on Amazon 's web-site alone . Yet last year we bought this for our three year old daughter who saw it at the store at Christmas time . She begged for it . We bought it , and got an extra cartridge for it . She loves it still , and it 's been a year since we bought it . It is EASY to read the display panel , although some people wrote that it 's difficult to read . On the back of Kasey , there 's a dimmer switch to make it brighter , or darker , which ever you prefer , so reading the panel is no problem , from any angle . I guess whoever wrote that in their review did n't read the directions on the box first . Also , there 's a switch on the back to turn the volume up , or down low . Kasey keeps my daughter entertained , and this year I got new cartridges for it . She will love the new games it will have in store for her . Kasey is very educational , teaching numbers , alphabets , manners , science , and praise . You can buy many other cartridges to learn other things such as , French , or Spanish too . Kasey is extremely durable , and easy to clean . It has a friendly face that makes it kid friendly . I would say it would be better for your child to play with Kasey , than it is for them to be in a coma in front of the television . Whatever negative things you 've heard about Kasey , ignore them , and trust your own instincts , this is a wonderful toy . I would say the only thing about this toy that I do n't like ; is the weight of it . It 's very heavy , but that 's for your own childs safety . The weight keeps it from the possibility of tipping over when `` high five-ing Kasey while being praised '' . My daughter is almost five now , and she still plays with Kasey daily . Buy this toy for Christmas , you 'll be glad you did !
 I have always tried to buy educational toys for our children but they never seem interested in them . I purchased kasey because it was made by fisher price and it looked like it would be fun . MY son and daughter love it -LRB- my son is 3 and daughter is 2 -RRB- , it has already helped them learn more words and to share a lot better and also helping them learn to take turns with kasey but with other of their toys . I bought the spanish cartridge and they are using a few words of spanish , like some numbers , and a few simple words . I ca n't wait for other of cartridges to come out so I can get them for the kids.The buttons are easy to work on kasey and his instructions are clear and precise for preschoolers to follow . I have enjoyed watching the look of joy on their faces when they get it right -LRB- such as the counting games -RRB- . I am overall pleased with this purchase and considering buying another one , just in case something does happen to this one . I hope this helps .
 I got Kasey the Kinderbot last week . My 3-1/2 year old daughter was in love with Kasey at the first sight . Most of her other toys , she would play no more than 20 minutes . Kasey was so much fun , my daughter played for an hour before she was exhausted with the exercise and dancing from the little robot . Not only Kasey teaches your kid to recoqnize alphabets , shapes , and numbers on the first cartridge which comes with the package , but also you can expand to other lessons later . The cartridge costs a lot less than I expected . In addition , Kasey can sing , dance and does different facial expressions . It even does hokey pokey . If you are going to work on your child 's attention span , this toy is for you . This toy also has very good sound system . When your child learns to read , this toy will pronounce all the words the way they sound naturally , unlike most of the other electronic edutainment toy 's poor sound quality . Overall , I love this toy and plan to expand its cartridge library shortly . The only area I would like to see some improvement is the durability of the outside casing of the robot . It is made of hard plastic . I suspect that if we drop Kasey on our hard floor , it may not survive upon the impact . The weight of the toy after putting in 4 D size batteries can also be heavy for any 3-4 year old kid to handle . Also , I would love to see Kasey 's feet move just like the rest of its body . Even with these concerns , I still highly recommend this toy to any parents with a kid between 2-6 years of age .
 If my son ca n't shoot it , throw it , or bounce it , he does n't want to have anything to do with a toy . But Kasey the Kinderbot changed that for him . He really enjoys playing with him . Even after a long afternoon of driveway hockey , he will come in and settle down with Kasey . It was kind of `` weird '' to me in the beginning - the mesmerizing draw that this educational robot has , but hey , it works , so I say `` good for you Fisher-Price ! '' . I suggest this to all parents and grandparents - makes the best educational gift that WILL get used .
 Kasey the Kinderbot is truly the best toy I ever purchased ! I have a 3 year old girl and an 8 year old boy and both love it . It really does make learning fun for both of them . Both have used it constantly . Luckily , my son is gone to school all day.I had the 2XL Robot as a kid and this is basically the same thing but even better . Better get yours sooner rather than later . This toy will most likely be the HOT toy for this Christmas season .
 Our 3 year old boy absolutely loves Kasey ! He has learned so much from him and has had him since he was just about 2 years old . He knows 6 words in Spanish , learned how to count , spell and lots more with Kasey , he is like a member of our family ! Thanks Kasey and Fisher-Price !
 My 4-year-old daughter got Kasey for Christmas last year and it still seems to capture her interest and attention . The cartridge that came with Kasey seems to be her favorite . She exercises with Kasey and laughs at the riddles . She sings songs with it and has fun practicing phonics . This toy is truly interactive , and helps to introduce and develop many skills essential for preschoolers . We look forward to trying out more activity cartridges for it . The only source of frustration for my daughter is when the toy has to be reset when it has not been in use for a period of time . I have to reset it for her .
 MY 2 YR . OLD RECEIVED THIS TOY FOR CHRISTMAS . AT FIRST SHE WAS A LITTLE SCARED OF HIM THE NEXT THING I KNEW THEY WERE THE BEST OF FRIENDS . SHE LEARNS SO MUCH FROM THIS TOY AND IT ALSO REINFORCES ALL THE THINGS SHE HAS ALREADY LEARNED . WE ARE IN THE PROCESS OF USING THE SPANISH CARTRIDGE . SHE LOVES IT . KUDOS TO THE CREATORS OF THIS TOY THEY MADE LEARNING EVEN MORE FUN FOR MY LITTLE GIRL
 I bought this for my son he is in kindergarden he loved it and even wrote santa a thank you letter for bringing it to him .
 For Christmas we bought one gift each for our four children . our four year old son received the vtech voyager and our two year old son received the kasey kinderbot . Much to our surprise the voyager didnt work on christmas morning and our boys fought all day to play with Kasey . When we took our 4 year old to the store to exchange the voyager out , he insisted we get him Kasey instead . So now our boys have twin Kaseys . They play with them every day and Kasey is the only toy that they put safely back on their shelf . The only problem we are having is finding cartidges . One came with the origanal and spanish the other just had the origanial . and they are not easy to find in the stores . Overall all six of us love this toy !!!!!
 My son , age 5 , got this toy today for Christmas from his grandparents . He loves it . He has played with this item more than any other today and I think this will be a cycle that last . Its very educational and FUN . As the child grows in knowledge other cartiages can be bought to grow with the child and it can continue to be educational and fun . Would highly reccomend it . Hope your child or children love it as much as mine does .
 Originally wrote this review in November 2002 my son is now 3 and its still as good , even better a toy as Power Touch , leap pad , imagination desk and so on . Being a robot , it has more appeal than a book for a boy -- not played with every day now , but many hours a week , so its not a toy I regret or in the give away pile
 This is a great toy , but since it is no longer easy to find , check out e-bay or other sources first . I saw one on e-bay today and it could be purchased now for $ 29 . Like I said , the toy was great , my daughter really enjoyed it , but I would NEVER have paid $ 199 for it !
 Our three year old has loved this robot . He has worn out one and we got another that we found on craigslist . He likes to dance and play tag and discover the answers to everything that this toy has to offer . Our other kid could care less about it . I think just like all toys some relate and some do n't . This toy with all the cartridges you can buy can produce hours and hours of educational learning .
 This is the only toy from my sons 3yo birthday party that he is still playing with 24 hrs later ... he love the interaction -- he is an only child - so now maybe I will get a small brake will Kasey plays tag , sings and dances with him ... I would recommend for 3 + only downside is that I am having trouble finding the other software rom packages -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We bought this item for our 2 year old and she loves it . I know it says that this toy is for 3 and up but it is fine for her . I did n't want to waste money on something she would n't be interested in after only a few months and I think I made the right choice . I will sit it on her little table so it is eye level and I play with her . She will walk up to him and shack his hand and say hi how are ya doing . TOO CUTE !!! She absolutely love that he sings and dances . I know that as she grows his many features will continue to keep her entertained as well as providing her with practice in many learning areas . It is also great that there are cartridges you can purchase to expand Kasey 's abilities to teach more things . If you are considering this toy for your child ... do n't hesitate ... it is wonderful !!! It is a little heavy but keep in mind he was n't made to hug and love ... he was made to be a learning friend ... a valuable friend at that !!!!
 I just bought kasey today for my daughter I found it at big lots for 29.99 and I also got the cartridges for 6.99 each needless to say i got the five offered . my daughter loves it already kasey is really cute and educational I LOVE IT !!!!!
 And so do I . It has a volume control on it to boot!This is the PERFECT educational toy to hold my little mans attention while I get some housework done . He EVEN knows how to change the learning functions on the back . He LOVES IT and will probably love it for a long time more ... when he outgrows it , it will go to his baby brother or sister who is on the way .
 This is a fun toy overall , do n't get me wrong . It is very educational and amusing for the specified age group . My daughter loved playing the games and Kasey has a friendly voice . A few annoyances are having to constantly press the Restart button ; the screen can not be seen unless light is directed on it ; and the toy is heavy for little ones . This toy , I believe , is worth buying , however not for the advertised price !
 My 1 1/2 , 3/1/2 and 4 1/2 year old sons are constantly bickering over who gets to play with Kasey . I also have the 2 science cartridges and my kids just love the variety . All over an awesome toy and it teaches my kids to take turns ! : -RRB-
 I purchased Kasey for Christmas for my 3 year old daughter . She absolutely loves this toy . She plays with this toy for hours . She repeats everything Kasey says . She is so motivated and excited to learn from Kasey . It truly prepares them for school . I know for sure my daughter will be prepared for kindergarten and a lot advanced . She 's already showing interest in reading by herself . I think this toy is great !
 My 3 year old son rec . Casey for Christmas this year , it has been his favorite gift ! Its very educational and the extra cartridges are wonderful , especially if you want to teach your child an additional language ... this is a fun and easy way to teach them . The first thing my son does when he gets up in the morning is put on Casey and at night he wants to sleep with it . Its also great interaction for parents and children . Casey has quickley pushed spider-man and buzz lightyear to the side , all while being educational !!! I highly reccomend Casey the Kinderbot .
 I bought Kasey for my almost 4 year old Son for Christmas.I have to say I just love it , it 's adorable . My Son likes it.but is still to overwhelmed with all his other toys . I definitely would recommend this toy to all kids . It 's quite heavy so Kasey does n't fall over . Weight is perfectly proportioned . The only drawback at this time , it only has a handful of programs to go with it . . I called the manufacture and they say more is do out soon .
 Kasey Kinderbot is one of the best purchases we have made for our son . It keeps him busy for hours on end . It teaches a wide range of subjects and makes learning fun and interesting . Be sure not to buy this toy for children under the age of 3 . We bought the first one when my son was 2 and he broke it within 6 months . He is 3 now and he has kept his new Kasey in great shape . There are two drawbacks to this toy . The cartridges are hard to find -LRB- even on ebay -RRB- and if your child likes to play with it for hours at a time like mine , the batteries will wear out in a day . It takes D batteries which are not cheap . Overall though this toy is worth buying .
 I just bought kasey at our local Target store . This toy is so neat . Kasey appears to be alive . My almost five and nine year old LOVE to play with her . I will get a lot of use , as I also have a ten month old . He is sure to love Kasey too . I real like the fact that you can buy cartridges to expand Kasey . We have aleady bought two of them the Spanish and science ones . You should buy our pal Kasey the Kinderbot !
 My 3 year old son received Kasey the Kinderbot recently as a birthday gift and he absolutely loves it . The beauty of it is that it is so much fun to play with it that kids do n't even notice that it is an educational toy and they are actually learning while they play . You ca n't beat that ... Fabulous !!!
 this is a very loud toy even when you put down the volume even my son who is 3 taught it was too loud and turned it off automatically . The only thing he seems to do with Kasey is singing and dancing . He used his leappad more for educational purposes . This toy just does n't interest him and is the last he will play with and only for a short time . Leapfrog system is much better if looking for educational value .
 I splurged on Kasey last Christmas for my 3 and 4 year old sons , they loved him . I think it is a great toy with one exception - He broke when they dropped him . I called Fisher Price to see if anything could be done and was told NOTHING could be done . He lasted about 6 months - I will not buy another one . I am unhappy with Fisher Price . Kasey is expensive and does not hold up to normal play .
 I gave kasey to my son yesterday and today when we went to use him every 2 minutes his screen goes blank and we have to reset it to get the screen back on . My 3 yr old gets very frustrated using kasey because he doenst stay on long enough for him to actually use him . I dont think this toy was worth all the money we spent on him . I was very disapointed with the quality of this toy.Monday I will be calling fisher price .
 Carapar is one of the six Barraki -LRB- Bionicle word for `` warlord '' -RRB- . This one has the most armor out of the six , and he also has a pretty cool claw that can open and shut . Carapar comes with the squid launcher that is included with all Barraki . Even though the head is kind of funny-looking , and he is n't as fearsome as , say , Takadox , the claw that Carapar carries is really great , probably his best pro . If you want the Barraki with the best weapon , go for Carapar . Carapar was a little over $ 10 when he came out in early 2007.4 th/6 -LRB- fourth best Barraki -RRB-
 Have two boys , and both love the Bionicle Line by Lego . They got all the movies that came out , and they play with these toys all the time . Everytime a new line comes up I buy the whole set . So far it never failed me . Tons of fun with pretend play . And very educational -LRB- with the first set I ended up building them , but now they just do it themselves -RRB- . I hav an 8 y/o and 11 y/o .
 My son has become a bionicle fan in the last year and Carapar is one of his favorites .
 This game is destined to be a classic . It is fun , fast-paced and exciting for children . Anyone can win , and positions often change at the last minute . It is a game my children enjoy playing over and over . It reinforces color recognition and counting skills as the players advance though the jungle path . It is easy for a child to teach another child to play -LRB- great for play dates ! -RRB- The animal characters on the board are adorable , my child sees something new on the board every time we play . A MUST for anyone with young children !
 My 3.5 year old loves Zoofari and I gave it high ratings . However , I want to warn parents that this game is EXACTLY like Candyland only with a jungle theme . Also , the game pieces are much smaller than the Candyland gingerbread men and present a choking hazard . Since we already have Candyland , I was very disappointed that I spent the money for this game .
 I bought my nephews two board games for Christmas
 I was n't sure if this would be easy to use or if our baby would even sleep in it on our recent beach trip . This product FAR exceeded my expectations . It 's compact , easy to set up , and the perfect size for the beach . Three of the sides are ventilated so that there was nice air flow to keep the baby cool . He was never hot or sweaty . It was also nice that the one side was not mesh , so we could turn it so that that side faced the sun . Our 3 month old slept in this peacefully for hours while we were on the beach . We had several people stop and comment on what a great idea this little tent was . We even saw another couple with an older baby in the same tent , and the baby was playing and having a great time . The bottom is waterproof and helps to keep sand out . We did put the diaper bag inside to keep it from blowing , as it was fairly breezy , but this really was n't a big deal . It kept the diaper bag from getting sandy and it was easier to just put something inside to weigh it down than it would have been to deal with stakes . I will definitely recommend this to anyone who is hesitant about taking a baby to the beach . It was absolutely perfect for protecting him from the sun as well . We did put sunscreen on his skin , but this probably would have provided adequate protection on its own . I wish they had had these when my other kids were little .
 This product traveled well , and fit nicely in the suitcase . I must admit it was a bit difficult in putting together at first , but , once it was up , our daughter was inside the tent and fast asleep on the beach !
 It takes a few minutes to set up , but I really do n't have any complaints about it . I use it almost daily in the summer at the local pool , and have used it several times at the beach . I suppose it could have pouches to fill with sand so it does n't blow away like some other beach tents have , but I always just put my beach bag in there and I 've never had any problem . At the pool , I just put a beach towel in there for my little one to lay on , no need to weigh it down with anything else unless it is a very windy day . I love that is has mesh on three sides so that the baby gets air and you can see them easily from any angle , but the sun is not getting them . Very useful little item that I 'm sure we 'll be using at least until the baby is done with naps . One of the best purchases I 've made for this baby .
 I bought this when my daughter was barely 1 in hopes to use it at the beach or outside with her . We never used it until she was about 1 1/2 and I set it up in her room to play with which she found entertaining . However , a friend has borrowed it several times for her 4-6 month old . It works great for her to use in the yard while hanging out with friends & family ... kinda a bug-proof , crawl/roll away proof , semi-shaded playpin !
 This little tent was perfect for our trip to the beach . I was so worried about our 6 month old getting sunburned . He did n't get pink at all . He loved playing in this tent and found it to be very cozy . I would definitely recommend this if you are taking your baby to the beach .
 This tent was perfect for our 5 month old baby . We used it while we were vacationing at the beach . The tent was always kept cool inside , sand hardly got in -LRB- a big plus ! -RRB- , and it was big enough for her to sleep and play in . Setup could have been easier , but I still would have purchased this product knowing that .
 This is a great product for your little one . I have been using this tent for over a month and am very please with it . It is easy to set up and has a good size for little kids . We have been using it at the beach and I also set it up in the play area in the house . The downside is the bottom is just a piece of plastic which does not provide any cushion at all . However , laying down a beach towel does the trick . Overall , it 's a great product at an unbelievable price !
 We purchased this tent before taking our 10-month-old to the beach for the first time . It provided a safe place for her to play with her toys while keeping her out of the sun . We received a number of compliments on the tent !
 We used this tent for the beach with my 10 month old daughter . She liked sitting in it and playing . It is easy to put together . There is n't anything to hold it down so you have to weigh it down with something . I used toys . Great and durable .
 we took our 6 month old to the beach and this tent was very portable , light weight and easy to assemble . He played in it for hours - free from sand and sun . The nice large front opening is great for feeding chairs and easy access ... highly recommend this for the back yard or beach
 This tent allowed our 2 month old to spend some time on the beach . We went in Sept. so the temp . was n't too hot , but the sun would have made it impossible for our little boy to spend any time out on the beach . This tent was the perfect place for him to rest and have quiet alert time , without worrying about him getting sunburned .
 Easy to put up , quick to take down and durable . A nice value - good little toy .
 I bought this tent last minute because my husband and I wanted a selfish beach weekend . We have a 6 week old - we put him in the car seat and then put the car seat in the tent . It was perfect . I felt the tent totally protected him from the sun . The only drawback -LRB- and I do n't know how they 'd fix this since there needs to be airholes ! -RRB- is that one of the days was very windy and the fine grains of sand got in the tent . The only other thing which did n't affect us , but might if you do n't have the car seat to weigh the tent down is that there are no stakes to dig into the sand to keep the tent down.But the tent was truly great ! We had a relaxing weekend and Jack enjoyed hanging in his little oasis listening to the ocean .
 Bought this to take my daughter to the beach . + Takes about 3 minutes to set up and is very easy . + Has larger side vents to allow air flow than some of the more expensive tents . + Has a large mesh door to allow air in . + Works well to keep biting flies at the beach out . - Wind can blow it down easily . I weigh down a few corners . - The nice , big vents allow a little bit more sun in . - Obviously , can still get a little warm . A cool spritzer bottle helps.Overall , very nice . For the price , you ca n't expect a perfect tent .
 Since you 're not supposed to put sunscreen on babies under 6 months , I was very worried about bringing my 3month old to the beach for a weeks vacation . This tent really helped keep him sun & sand free . We kept the tent in the shade so we would n't get the reflective sun from the sand and water . He was very happy playing in it .
 This tent is great for playing in the house or taking to the park when it is really sunny out . The only downside I can think of is that if baby is learning to stand/walk , she wants to get in there and stand up , thus , it tips over . If this is your kid , make sure there 's not anything sharp nearby the tent when it topples over .
 The Portable Play Tent is Great !! My husband and I were able to enjoy the sun on our Vacation in the OuterBanks , NC . while my 5 month daughter Angelina layed in the shade in her new Tent . She loved it because she was outside but away from the sun and the screens protected her from fly 's , etc. and she was able to enjoy the nice beach breaze.We had two couples come up to us and ask us where we got the Portable Play Tent.We give it a thumbs up !!! 5 stars all the way!Diane
 We purchased this tent to house our 2 month old at the beach for vacation . We were looking for something light , airy , easy to assemble , and inexpensive . We used it twice and look forward to using again when we go camping or have opportunity to return to the beach . Baby slept peacefully and kept cool , and I was even able to sit inside it while feeding him . It was also a good way to keep the sand out of our bags . I recommend putting a sheet down around the tent to keep sand from blowing into the tent , though .
 We bought this last summer for a trip to Destin , FL for our then infant son and toddler daughter . It did n't get much use in Destin -LRB- about 10 minutes -RRB- only because we did n't end up needing it , not because of any defect , so I ca n't rate it much on its use at an actual beach . However , I can say the ease of setup and complete portability -LRB- the bars have a very ingenious , snap and lock way of folding down to about a 1-1/2 foot length , and it actually * fits * fairly easily back into its over the back travel bag -RRB- make it an A + + child 's product in my book . It 's very well thought out . We have it set up in our library now , with pillows and blankets and the kids love reading in there.Some pros :1 . It 's extremely easy to set up and take down . Takes one person about 2 minutes .2 . Nicely portable . Folds up tiny -LRB- will fit in most diaper bags -RRB- , and inside a carrying bag , with a strap that allows you to throw the bag across your back , making it easy to carry it AND your kid -LRB- s -RRB- . A must for parents with diaper bags and sippy cups and snacks etc. . A lot of thought was put into this aspect of the product , for which I am very grateful .3 . It 's fairly roomy . I -LRB- smallish , 5 ' 2 mom -RRB- and both my kids can fit in there if I 'm sitting up and reading to them . I can sit straight up if I 'm in the middle -LRB- a little hunched , but still comfortable on the side -RRB- . Right now we have about 4 blankets , 1 boppy pillow and 4 toss pillows in there and they still manage to fit themselves -LRB- 3 y.o. and 1 y.o. -RRB- and a boatload of toys too . In a pinch , it could be used as a outdoor napping area , perhaps for even up to 3 toddlers .4 . Ventilated sides , so they do n't get too hot in there .5 . Bottom is lined , to protect against hot sand .6 . I find the design to be pretty ingenious , both when folded up for storage and when set up . The collapsibility of the bars help ensure that rough toddlers will just maybe unsnap them out of place rather than break them . It 's a neat little setup . Maybe I 'm just easily impressed.A few minor cons , which are to be expected considering the low price :1 . The bottom is crinkly with a waxy surface . I realize it 's for water-resistance , but it 's a bit noisy . We 've limited the noise by piling up blankets on top but still a little annoying .2 . Fairly cheap tent material . But to be expected .3 . The mesh door folds down , where it can be held into place by little velco straps . When you have a young baby learning to walk , these little obstacles can be a minor nuisance . I think it would have been better for the door to fold up .4 . The dome design requires some sort of weight to be put inside when using outdoors , otherwise the wind will take it away . Anchors would be nice.I 'm really happy about this product and would recommend it , and other Pacific Play tents to other parents .
 This product worked well for us at the beach . The only thing I would love to see is more ventilation . If there is no breeze outside , then the tent gets very hot and I have to put my baby elsewhere . On a breezy day , it 's perfect .
 Got this after our Abo Instent tent broke -LRB- was too hot for the beach anyway -RRB- . This tent stays cool , is light , inexpensive and just the right size for infants/toddlers . Baby enjoys seeing us through mesh screen . Could use stake hold downs to keep fabric sides from blowing in wind . For the money , this is it .
 I have a 3 month old and we love to be out side with his big brother who is 3 years old . This allows us to be in the yard and still shaded . Love it .
 I love it and its great to take to the beach . We went to the beach he fell asleep and we put him in the tent and there was NO SUN on him at all !!!
 I brought this down to the beach for my 4 month old . It does blow away very easily but I just put my bags inside to keep it down . It served it 's purpose and I was able to put the baby to sleep in it so he was out of the sun and wind . It 's good for my -LSB- ... -RSB- too . It folds up very small so it 's easy to carry .
 I just ordered this product 2 days ago , and received it in the mail this morning ! WOW ! Amazon.com and Target have really impressed me with how quickly this made it to my home . I am planning on taking it on our beach trip at the end of July . I am impressed with the product thus far .
 I bought this when my son was very young . It 's great for camping trips or any time that you need to spend time outdoors . It provides a safe place for them to play and nap while protecting them from the sun , bugs and dirt . Works great in the house too as a play tent . Easily kept in any car for those last minute trips .
 This is a great product ! We bought it for a beach vacation and ended up using it near the pool . Our baby was content rolling around and playing w/toys inside . It could be used on the beach , by the pool or even in a backyard to keep baby in the shade . It 's a perfect size and easy to set up !
 Works great for a baby that is not yet mobile . Now my baby will sit in it for a few minutes with some toys , but wants to be out with everyone else . This was great when she was smaller though .
 This tent is a lifesaver . My 13-year-old son races motocross so every weekend of our spring , summer , and fall months are spent outside - rain , heat and all . I happened upon this tent and decided to give it a try . If you have ever set up a full-size tent - the set up of this tent is a breeze . My 14-month-old daughter will sit in it and play with her toys for hours at a time . I would highly recommend this product if you are an outdoorsy person and need somewhere cooler and shady for baby . Highly recommended ...
 Bought this to use at the beach with our new little one . Works well . YOu do have to weight it down with something -LRB- other than baby ! -RRB- when she 's not in it . Also , a towel draped over makes it nice and dark for napping .
 I was n't sure if my 4-month-old would like this tent , but when we brought it to the beach , he liked playing in it and even took a couple naps in it . It 's very easy to set up . I recommend this product !
 Came in two days ! I purchased this tent for my 7 month old daughter for a camping trip we were going on . I did n't know how much shade from the sun there would be at the campsite so it was important to me that the tent be SPF treated , lightweight , breathable , and also keep the bugs out at night - which all turned out to be true . She played with her toys in there and took naps too - and I am still using the tent for her in the yard while I garden . I guess it just depends on the child - my cousin put her 8 month old daughter in and she instantly pushed the front screen open -LRB- which is attached by velcrow tabs -RRB- ; however my daughter loves her tent .
 This was a game change for us . We took our grandaughte -LRB- 9 months old -RRB- with us to Aruba . She took every nap on the beach . Instead of sitting in our room we were able to enjoy our vacation . Very easy to put up and take down .
 This product seems very durable . We have not used it yet but took it out of the box and assembled it . I was disappointed to see that there is NO padding in this . I wish it was made more clear because it certainly makes a difference for our little one !
 We just got this tent and set it up , I am very impressed ! Good quality , easy to set up , love the side vents and the front velcro closure . Also love that the bottom is waterproof . We plan to take this camping and will be on beaches , I think it will be great with a blanket in it for baby naps . Love that it will keep the sun off and the bugs out . Love the price too ! My only negative is that I do n't like that it says Lil ' Nursery accross the top , I wish it was blank , or said something else . Or just had a picture or something . Oh well !
 I bought this tent to protect my two month old son when we went on vacation to the beach . It was perfect . We set it up under a larger canopy -LRB- to protect us all -RRB- and placed a play mat in it . Sometimes I closed the flap but usually I sat right at the mouth and left the flap open so I could easily get to him . He slept and played in the tent with no problems . It was windy one day , which made the tent move , but we simply set a heavy bag inside the flap to hold it down . All in all , I 'm glad I bought it , it was exactly what I needed .
 This is a really fun tent ! It fits all three of my kids at the same time . They love to take it outdoors and play with it , which is nice with the SPF protection on a hot and sunny day . My eight month old loves to play with it too , which is useful since its been too hot for him to be in the sun ! Its also very easy to put up and take down , and comes with a bag to store the tent . I only wish it were available in more colors rather than just purple/yellow ! Overall a great buy ! Glad we got it for our beach trip .
 This was perfect for my 8 month old 's first trip to the beach ! No stakes , but all you need are 4 gallon Zip-Loc bags full of sand to hold it down ! It was VERY windy while we were in Florida but it was perfect ! Lots of room for her to move around , play with toys and even take a cat nap ! Definitely recommend ! Very affordable and well worth it ! : -RRB-
 We brought this on vacation with us to our beach house and it worked so well . Our newborn could nap in the tent - bug and sun free while the rest of us got to enjoy the outdoors ! We did put an additional beach towel over the top to make sure no sun got in .
 With the humidity here in NY it 's hard to offer much help to a baby like mine that does n't like the heat , but this does offer some relief . I keep it in the car so if I go to someone 's house and we are bbqing or whatever I can set this up in the shade and let the baby sleep . It folds up very very small into its own little drawstring bag so it 's not a big deal to carry along with you . It is large enough to fit a few kids -- my nieces age 3 1/2 and 1 1/2 can not stop fussing over my 3 month old and they get in there with him and poke at him when I set it up . It is very easy to set up , but I would suggest you bring a big towel or pad to put at the bottom because the vinyl/plastic/nylon -LRB- ? -RRB- it is made out of would not be comfy for baby on the ground .
 I bought this originally for our trip to TX is August . We used it as a portable crib for my then 10month old . It worked out well except that he wouldn ; t fall asleep in it , kept crawling out . We ended up lying on the bed with him to get him to go to sleep , and then transferring him to the Lil nursery later . It did work out welll not to have to lug my pack n play on to the plane , as I was the only adult flying down with 2 kids -LRB- we met my husband there -RRB- . We do use it all the time for the beach too . He usually eats lunch and plays a little while in the tent , and will crawl in and out . At this point he is really crawling everywhere so he does n't spend lengths of time in it but it is still wonderful . I 'm now expecting a new baby in April and a sure we 'll use it next summer with him/her for naps , etc. .
 Hey , it is what it is -- a tent for the outdoors . I got this for my three month old son who likes to sit outside . My two cats like it , too , and sit in there with him . There is plenty of space for all three .
 My review may not seem great , but it was hard to review with these questions . I used this for my 13 month old on the beach , it kept the sun off of her and she had a place to play and it 's very easy to put together and take down . I love it !!!
 This product was great on the fourth of July on a hot day in Warwick , Rhode Island . My 8 week old daughter and 4 year old nephew cooled off in the tent on the sunporch . They loved it and the baby loved the purple and yellow colors . Kept them entertained for a good while .
 I got this Lil Nursery Tent to take to the beach on vacation . I have a 5-month old and we would put him in it at the beach to make sure he did n't get sun . He really liked it . He would take naps in it . It was n't hard to set up . Once you set it up the first time , it 's very easy the next time . It does not take long to take down and it is very light and portable . I higly recommend it .
 We loved this play tent to go to the beach and also to have fun at home .
 It has enough space for baby to play and sleep away from the sun and sand , the materials are like other adult tents that cost even more , but you have the advantage to see trough to supervise your baby .
 Bought this as a last minute Christmas present for my daughter and she loves climbing in and out of it . We use it outside and it is highly durable and should last our family for plenty of play time .
 We loved ths tent . Our toddler is the type that needs structure and when we travel he has a hard time sleeping . The tent gives him the structure that he needs and loves . He used it for nap time and for sleeping at night . We used the pad from our pack n play that he out grew to give him more comfort .
 I had bought a different one in the store , and it was double the price . I found this one which is bigger and cheaper , the material is really good , the only thing is a little bit difficult to put together if it is windy but if I could do it anyone can . We took it to the beach and my baby was safely playing in there , she really enjoyed it .
 My 1 year old son loves this tent . We keep it in the living room to store his toys and he goes in and gets the toy he wants . He sometimes plays inside . The fact that we can close it at night is great because we have 2 cats and this keeps them out .
 Tent is great to have ... it is not hard to put together , but with two little ones with you , you will need to have them secure somewhere -LRB- stroller -RRB- to get the tent up without your little wondering off . Cause it does take a good 5 min to set up . BUt very easy set-up . Excellent for the sun ... and very spacious !
 This tent worked as advertised . It was easy to set up and take down . It provided a sun shielded spot for my Grandson but still allowed a breeze to keep him cool . Without this we would have had to spend way less time at the beach .
 So easy to put up - love this product ! We use it by the water at our lakehouse so the baby does n't get too much sun . Works perfect , and it has lots of room too . Can even withstand wind when weighted down - this is exactly what we wanted !!
 Its cute , great for outdoors and inside ... I have it set up inside my daughters room and she loves to crawl in and out of it . But ... it doesnt have stakes or anywhere to use stakes ... so cant use it on a windy day without something weighing it down ... besides that its great .
 Tent is overall durable , EXCEPT you have to be very careful to not allow the velcro on the door to not touch the mesh used on the door and at the bottom of the tent for ventilation , otherwise it will cause rips and thinning of the material . Good value , great item for the price -LRB- I paid $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB-
 We used this a lot when our daughter was n't moving around a whole lot -- now that she does -LRB- 8.5 months -RRB- we do n't use it as much . A great buy for the price , though .
 Lightweight and compact , this tent was a perfect accessory for our one-year-old in her first time at the beach . She was able to sleep in it as well as crawl in and out of it . It was even tall enough so that I could sit in it with her . The tent is n't staked to the ground , so a good breeze can blow it away , but I just put her heavy diaper bag in there and we had no problems . It also had mesh sides so a nice breeze flowed through it , relieving some of the heat .
 We ordered this tent to bring to the beach , it came recommended by a friend . Worked great and was easy to put together . Our 8 month old enjoyed it and loves to play with it in the house as well ! I plan on using it a lot in the future and buying one for my friend who is due in October .
 We have a 5 month old and just got back from Maui ... She loved it , we loved it and everyone was happy ! Worth every penny ! Even our 8 year old crawled in there and took a `` cat nap '' -LRB- we spent a lot of time on the beach -RRB- . I think if we did n't have it life on the beach would have been a real bummer , you can put the babies toys in it for entertainment and store your food and drinks to keep them free of sand -LRB- and bugs -RRB- .
 What do you do to keep a newborn out of the sun while enjoying spring and summer weather ? Get this tent ! It 's easily portable , and goes up quickly - just like a standard sized dome tent . We learned how roomy it is the first time we used it
 Very easy to set up , just have to slide the two poles through the slots and its all together . Mesh on 3 sides , solid on the back . You need to put a mat or a blanket on the bottom because there is no padding . On the beach , I recommend putting down some stones or weights in the corner to keep it from blowing over . Or you can get some stakes from the hardware/camping store to stake it down .
 I loved the Lil Nursery , My daughter is only 6 months old but she already enjoys it , we put her in with many toys and she does not get fussy , I wanted something that would grow with her , I 'm sure she 'll use it as a doll house or a camping tent , and in the summer i want to take her and the Lil Nursery to the beach , I thing that was a great buy , I recomend to all moms.Vanessa mom of Daniela
 This Play Tent is easy to set up and safe for any child over 4mo to play in .
 I bought this tent for my son -LRB- 15 months -RRB- last month for our trip to the beach . As soon as my husband and I quickly popped up this tent , our son instantly wanted to go inside . Within minutes , he proceeded to nap in it for 3 hours ! It absolutely protects the child from the sun 's harmful rays and has the proper amount of air flow through it so your child does n't get too hot . I would certainly recommend this product to any of my friends for their little ones as well .
 I would give this tent 5 stars except for two reasons
 We brought this to the Jersey shore for our daughter when she was 6 weeks old ... TOTAL LIFESAVER ! We put her bouncy seat it in and she was happy as can be on the beach . At home , I set it up and have her keep me company as I do yardwork . An absolute must have for Mommys that like the outdoors !
 This worked wonderfully for our 11 month old daughter during nap times at the beach . The only problem I found with this is that there is nothing to hold it down . So , when she was not napping , we had to put `` stuff '' in it to hold it down while we played in the sand , etc. . We finally bought some clip things that worked pretty well . Overall , this was a great purchase .
 We purchased this for our 7-month-old for our vacation to Crete . We really liked the sun protection it offered our little girl as well as providing her with an un-sandy place for her to play with her toys on the beach . It also fold up easily for travel and set-up it simple and fast . On very windy days it is not suitable -LRB- or safe -RRB- , however . It is not weighted at all and can not be secured to the ground so other than the weight of the baby there is nothing to prevent the tent from literally blowing away . Overall , it 's a very useful product . We plan to use it for a few years to come .
 We bought this as a last - moment decision before a trip to Hawaii - I was concerned my 6 month old would get too much sun and sand or I would have to hold him too much while he is so wiggly . This did the trick ! He stayed in with his toys , and now my 3 yr old has it up in a play space for privacy . Good purchase for us .
 My husband and I will be flying with our 7 month old to Florida and would like to bring something like this for the baby . Would this shelter fold up well and fit in a suitcase conveniently ?
 Purchased this item to use at beach for infant . Product is generally easy to set up and take apart , although care should exercised because the poles could be damaged if you force them into the slots too hard , during set up . The baby was ok in the tent and it does block the harmful sun rays . The tent is easy to carry once it is set up but you will need to place something inside the tent to prevent it from blowing away . Overall we were satisfied with the product and find it can be used for other purposes .
 Easy to assemble , nice carrying case . A must have to protect the little ones from the sun .
 This is great for the back yard , swim club or the beach . It has an SPF30 rating so along with the shade you are also giving the little one extra sun protection . It 's very easy to put up and take down .
 I bought this tent for a trip to Florida . It came quickly and worked great for my 7 month old to hang out in at the beach . There was enough shade and the sides allowed for a breeze to go through so she did n't get too hot .
 Just as all the other reviewers said , it 's great . Serves it 's purpose and it 's fun too ! Easy to assemble and carry
 I baught this tent for my grandchildren who live in Hawaii.They go to the beach all the time and LOVE this !
 We purchased this for our three month old grandson to nap in while we enjoyed the beach this summer . It being vented on all sides allowed him to nap in compfort right on the waters edge . It 's a mini tent with a velcro closure on the front `` door '' . Highly recommend !
 I just got back from the beach where I attempted to use this baby tent . The first two days , which were pretty calm , I thought it was great . The remainder of the week I found that it was too windy to use . It never blew away -LRB- probably because I had a heavy beach towel on the bottom -RRB- but it would kind of get blown around violently . I do n't think that another similar product would have been better but I just had unrealistic hopes for what kind of conditions it could be used in .
 I purchased this tent to take to the beach this summer for my 15 month old son to nap in . Although , we have not gone to the beach yet , I have set the tent up for him to play in and get familiar with so he wo n't be afraid of it at the beach . He was skiddish of it at first and I had to sit in it with him . He is used to it now and plays in it on our back porch almost every day ! It seems as though it will be good shade on the beach and it was worth the money just for him to play in it at our house .
 I got this as a gift for a friend in California and they raved about it so I got it for another friend who independently told me it was one of the most useful gifts they have recieved .
 Putting it together is a snap ! I bought this item purposely to take my 5 month old to the beach . It was a great investment . He played and napped in the tent without any problems . It provided shade and kept him cool throughout the entire time .
 As described , however , I wish it came with some type of tie down or method to secure it . We do n't have a lot of storage space , and have been leaving it outside , but I have to use rocks to keep it weighed down.I put my 4 month old in it on a blanket if I am going to be gardening for a while so that I do n't have to leave her inside and use the baby monitor . She gets to be outside in the fresh air , but is protected from the sun.Update - used this again at around 8 months on a camping trip . My daughter sat and crawled in it for chunks of time and it kept her safe and off the ground . Now she is walking and summer is around the corner . I can see her still using it as a fun play tent in the yard . All in all , a good baby purchase with multiple uses , which is nice when most of what else you buy is being discarded every few months!Update again ! - My daughter is 14 months old and walking ! We have this outdoors in our yard and she enjoys going in and out when she is playing . I plan on taking it on a camping trip in May for her to hang out in .
 This was such a good price for what it offers I hate not to give it 5 stars but the front door does n't seal completely to keep bugs out which is one of the main reasons I purchased this . But for a simple shade to sit baby in while outside it serves the purpose for the price . It is a little flimsy but ca n't expect a whole lot more for twenty dollars . It is the perfect size to put my baby inside in her bouncer so I 've gotten a lot of use out of it .
 We bought this tent to take with us to the beach . We have used it 5 or 6 times and so far we love it . It 's easy to set up and take down -- the poles are sturdy and we 've never had any issues on a windy day . It provides the perfect little space for our 6-month-old to relax in , and if she wants to , our 6-year-old can climb in there with him !
 I ca n't tell you what a lifesaver this play tent is ! It keeps baby safe and happy while we 're on the beach or at picnics , and it 's FUN FUN FUN for her ! The material is durable , and it sets up and stores away in a snap ! There should be one of these in the car trunk of every parent of an infant or toddler ! It 's perfect for changing baby too !
 My son has a 3 month old and a 1 year old and my youngest two are 9 months old . I love this tent ! I take one or two of them to the beach with us and the babies have a nice place to nap , that 's quite , dark , and most of all , safe .
 I bought one of these tents last year when our daughter was 10 months old , and we wanted to work in the yard . Unfortunately she was a little weirded out initially by the tent , and us zipping her in . I then decided to move it indoors , and then get inside with her , and then play with her . It has never gone outside again . She and all her friends love playing with the tent . I think she would go inside it again if I had put it outside , but it was easier to keep it inside.The one concern I have with these tents is the siding . It is good that you have mesh -LRB- so you can have some air flow through the sides as well -RRB- . When we first used the tent , it was in the middle of the HOT TEXAS summer , and honestly , she was not getting much airflow into the tent . If you do n't have a good breeze , those tents seem like a hotbox -LRB- just without the direct sunlight -RRB- . I would recommend using the tent indoors before using it outside -LRB- especially for those under 12 months -RRB- , and make sure you have some air-flow . Educational value of 2 stars because the children learn how to zipper the door open and closed . These things are pretty durable , good sized , and easy to break down and pop up . I really recommend , as long as you take precautions .
 I bought this at the time for my 1 year old for the Beach and the public pool . This tent is great for the price . My dauhgter is now 2 years old and she still uses it to play at home . It is easy to set up . The only complaint is that the wind will pick the tent up if the baby or toddler if not inside . I just wrap a bag or shoes to the legs of the tent for weight support .
 we spent alot of time at the beach and we wanted something to provide a shady , sand-free spot for our 10 month old son . this tent worked perfectly . it 's easy to carry and does n't take up much room on the boat . it was somewhat difficult to assemble -LRB- although there 's only 2 parts ; the canvas tent and the poles -RRB- , especially when you 're dealing with wind . it is very similar to a real tent with the flexible poles . however , for the price , size and convenience , i can deal with the assemble . one more note , you will need to have weight in it to prevent it from flying away .
 It is really a nice tent . Durable and roomy.I have a 10 months and a 2 year old one and they both fit in there . And some toys.Now that does n't mean they stay in there . ; - -RRB- The first time I put this tent up I was worried that it will be difficult . Of course I had onlookers smerking at me including my husband who thought this was a waste of time and money.But then enjoyed this for his kids.But it was easy to install and also to take down later on.And the kids enjoyed a little area of their own . They were protected from the wind and also could see outside.I put a towel on the floor to give it some cushion.My kids do n't sit still much so they/we get use out of it but not like others write where they kids sit and play for hours.That is not us.It folds neatly together and fits into this small carry on bag it comes with.A nice little arrangemnt . Now , the material for the floor is not thick and it even says on the package avoid putting it on hot surface . So you need to put a towel in there or some matt or something that the kids can sit in it . Beachsand can get hot.But that is normal and no big deal . You do n't sit on the hot sand neither , but put a towel on it.I can recommend it.I have n't seen any other on the beach or at the pool . As a matter of fact I have never seen anyone else so I ca n't compare how it hold up to the other tents offered on the market.BUt it is nice and works well.Enjoy .
 I ordered this tent for an outdoor concert knowing that I would need to keep my baby out of the sun . It worked great ! It 's also tall enough for an adult to sit in it with baby . You need some room to set it up since the poles need to be extended before running into the sleeves so if you 'll be in a tight space , you may want to set it up before settling into a spot .
 I researched thoroughly to find a tent that could be used inside and out . Finally I decided on Lil Nursery 's tent , and I could n't be happier . It was easy to set up and is a nice size -LRB- my seven month old will be able to grow into it -RRB- . My little guy has fun rolling around , making the tent 's floor crinkle and crackle . By the way , the floor is so easy to clean ! Excessive drool , spit-up , or diaper leaks are no problem to wipe right up . The tent 's mesh sides keep the air flowing , so there 's no overheated baby inside when we 're outside , and the top of the tent blocks the sun 's rays well . I 'm glad my research pointed me to this tent !
 Great for beach or playing in the yard all day . Nice coverage , pretty easy to get up , not really a &#34; pop-up &#34; though . Will not keep all bugs out but will keep most of them away . Great for if you are working outside in the yard and the infant is playing or the baby wants a nap . Then they can get fresh air and you can get some work done . Also good for beach , travels small , but there will be sand inside and again , not a &#34; pop-up &#34; so if you are on a beach in the sun , get ready to sweat .
 I bought this tent for my one month old for the beach and vacation . We were able to fit the travel swing in it which was perfect . Folds up nicely , it is a great product !
 I bought this for my daughter when we went on vacation to the beach . Its quick and easy set up . The only negative side is that it is very lightweight and could easily blow away while at the beach so we put all of her toys in there and it was wonderful . It covered her from the sun and gave her her own little play area and i recommend it to anyone going away to a sunny place .
 Went to Fort Lauderdale , FL for a week and brought this playtent to the beach with us everyday.First of all , it 's very portable as it is lightweight and easily packs in a small bag ... so no issuesfor fitting this in our luggage.Setting it up was quite simple , I had it set up in less than 5 minutes and added a towel inside for added comfort.My 11 month old baby boy would stay and play in it a bit -LRB- which was great because atleast I did n't have to worry about him putting sand in his mouth that sometimes has little pieces of broken seashells -RRB- but mostly it was useful because he did his morning nap in the tent . As for my 3.5 year old boy , it was n't really appropriate for him.When the baby was n't inside , because the tent was so lightweight , he would just hit it and move it around.So for this price I think it 's worth it for the babies and young toddlers -LRB- under 2 ? -RRB- !
 My little guy -LRB- 10 months old -RRB- screams when I try to put him in this in our backyard , which is a big reason I bought this , to keep him protected from sun and bugs while his older siblings played . I even put a blanket down in it and tons of toys . So keep in mind that if your baby is mobile they might not think much of being ` trapped ' . I will say for some reason he did okay in it at the beach , once , and my older kids love it so it was ' t a complete waste of money , it just wo n't serve the purpose I bought it for .
 This tent is perfect for when baby is outside and wants to be out of the sun . It breaks down easily and is a cinch to put together . Small and lightweight , we take ours to the pool and baby frequently naps in it . The only complaint is that the mesh door to keep out bugs is attached with Velcro . Taking apart Velcro seems to be one of the only sounds that really bothers her when she is asleep , so it wakes her up if I have to open it . Other than that , I really do love this product .
 I do n't know why people believe this tent tips over . My son has tried ... and tried ... and tried - from all sides ! It holds its own very well against my toddler . We use it inside as a little play tent and he loves it . He will drag his toys inside and play . I put a blanket at the bottom -LRB- which may be why it does n't tip over -RRB- and he will sit in there for quite some time . I consider it his little home away from home - at least until he is old enough to have a real tent . Very easy to put together and break down . Instructions are simple and they even provide a little storage bag .
 This tent was exactly what we needed to take on vacation . It set up fairly quickly and the baby really was protected from sun and wind at the beach . There was enough room for even my daughter in law to sit in and feed baby .
 I could not have anticipated my grandson 's delight when the tent was set up ; he had just started walking and was giddy getting in and out of it . It 's not so big that it takes over a room if you set it up inside . The tent comes with a nylon bag for easy transporting and can be set up within minutes .
 I like this product very much . It 's large enough for my 7 month old daughter to play in , but small enough to set it up just about anywhere . It is very easy to set up and so light you can pick it up , assembled , and move it anywhere . The only thing I wish was different is the opening flap . It is velcro , which can allow bugs to get in . Although we did take it camping and only a couple got in .
 I thought this was perfect to take out to the beach . I could easily pack it in my beach bag and set it up quickly . My baby napped for a couple hours in the shade !
 Cecelia loves this at the beach it is like her own private little hideaway . She plays in there and takes her naps allowing mom to enjoy the sun .
 Not only an easy to put together tent . This thing is an entire imagination station . Great for indoor tent nights , and can really keep them busy and out of my hair . I love it , so I had to get another and I must say they are having more fun and I am relaxing a lot more .
 This product is inexpensive , light to carry , easy to assemble and disassemble , and my 7 month old just loves being in it ! When we are at the beach , my daughter never missed a nap because I would lay her in the tent and she would sleep happily . The mesh allowed the breeze to come through but not the flies . I definitely recommend it !
 This tent is easy to assemble and folds up neatly into the sachel provided . The tent provides adequate sun protection . Great for the beach as it rinses clean from sand and spills . It does , however , get quite hot inside . The ocean breeze could not penetrate the sides of the tent .
 Easy to put together , my son sleeps in it on his bed ! It 's like going camping , and he ca n't wait to go to sleep at night!In the summer I will bring it outdoors and try it in the yard . It will keep him from getting burned in the sun .
 I used this play tent for my daughters first time at the beach and we really like it . It 's a good size for her -LRB- she 's 2 months -RRB- but if she were older maybe it would be a little small . It 's really easy to put together plus a great price , the only down side is that it cant stand up to wind . It was really windy at the beach when we went , but she held it down being inside and was okay . Overall I 'd recommend it .
 We were able to take our 1 month old to the beach in Hawaii with no worries . We set our bags in the tent which ensured it would not fly away , and then set down our little boy in his Bobby . He napped mostly , but we were able to lay down -LRB- outside the tent , it 's not that big -RRB- and play with hime inside the tent . It was large enough for me to get in with him to breastfeed and the mesh made sure it stayed nice and cool . Anyone who is afraid it will fly away , just put something inside it ! Great value for the money .
 Just got back from the beach with this tent that I purchased specifically for the trip . Our 7 month old baby was very happy in it . She was even able to nap quite peacfully while in it . I was happy with it 's sun protection as it shaded her quite well.The only negative is that it 's very lightweight . We had to put the heavy beach bag in it whenever the child was not in it to keep if from blowing away . Not a big deal - I 'm not sure any tent would stay put unless it was staked down.I recomend this tent especially for the low cost !
 My 28 month old grand niece loves this . We tried it out in the living room before the we went on vacation to the shore . It works great in both places . It does not even sway in the breeze!She loves to play and nap in her tent!I ordered this through Target , which had a link to amazon . It took over three weeks to be shipped.Five stars for product , one star for shipping .
 This tent is great . It takes a few minutes to put together but is worth it because it packs up and fits perfectly in a beach bag -LRB- I like this better than those hamper type fold up tents which look bulky -RRB- . The only complaint is the velcro door but at the same time it is easy to get to the baby . It is even great for the back yard .
 This is a really easy-to-assemble little tent that makes a sun shelter anywhere.It also fits into a small bag that you can throw in a tote to take down to the beach or the backyard , etc.Simple assembly
 Once you figure out the assembly , it 's a really neat little tent . It keeps the sun and wind off my baby and I get to enjoy the outdoors .
 We bought this tent as we planned a beach vacation with our newborn -LRB- 2 months old -RRB- . She loved being in it and we felt much better having her protected from the sun and wind while we enjoyed the early morning and late afternoon hours at the beach . It really served its purpose and I 'm sure will get used for the next few years as she grows but still needs a `` safe '' place to be at the beach . Highly recommended !
 I bought this tent online to take to the beach . It was our first trip with our 6 month old . She loved it ! The mesh sides allowed the breeze to blow through and cleaning it out was easy . Just pick it up and shake out the sand . it was also very easy to assemble . I did it by myself everyday and it only took a couple of minutes . It was even large enough for our 7 year old to climb in with his little sister when he got too hot . It was a great purchase .
 This tent is great ! We have used it at picnics and at our community pool . It 's simple to put together and has plenty of room in it for our son to sleep or play . It comes with a small bag which makes it easy to transport . We love it !
 We took our 7 month old son to the beach a few weeks ago . We brought this play tent along . It is a wonderful invention . It is very easy to assemble and disassemble . It is very roomy as well . My son loved it and it kept the sand and sun off of him . We love our Lil nursery portable play tent . Thanks
 Never nice little tent for small children for the price.Very easy to put up.Also taking it the ocean for my 18 month old grandson .
 My 5 month old daughter loves to be inside her tent . It is spaceous and breezy thanks to the vented side panels . I love that she has room to roll and squirm , and her little toddler friends can climb inside to join the fun . This tent is super fast and easy to set up and offers great protection from the sun ... at a low price ! This item is a must-have for moms who love to spend time outdoors in the yard , at the beach , camping , etc. . It 's even fun to set up indoors for playtime .
 This was great she just crawls right in it without a fight and plays !! It shields pretty good from the sun and was easy to set up
 OK , I just opened this and am having trouble with the poles . I feel like a complete moron as my 7 month old watches me try and try again to get the poles to fit in properly . Once I get one end in the corner pocket , I go to the other end to fit that one in . Then the first one pops out . Maybe I need a second pair of hands . Am I doing something wrong , and is there an easier way to do this ? I 'm sure I will love it once it is up , so I am giving it 5 stars all around . -LRB- Edited 5/2/06 -RRB- I want to say that I was doing it wrong at first and that is why I had such problems . Once I realized the proper way to have the poles -LRB- rigid , not bent at each joint -RRB- , I was able to do it in a snap . I love this tent ! I just took it to a hotel pool 4 days in a row and set it up each time . It was great !
 Tent is noce other than it hard to set up in the wind at the beach . Other than that we like it .
 I bought this so my 4 month old could take naps at the pool protected from the sun . It is easy to set up and take down . It might take 2 people when you 're first getting used to it . I do put an extra towel on top because if the tent is in direct sun , some will get through .
 Kept my newborn safe from the sun at the beach , wonderful ! Easy to set up , very light , and packs down to a very small bundle . Very Satisfied !
 Great Play Tent for the beach and just in the yard for our granddaughter . She is only 10 months old and does n't like sitting in the grass - keeps her out of the grass and sand while protecting her from the sun too . Easy to put together - great value .
 it 's not so much for fun just yet ... but i guess it could be when baby gets a bit older . we bought this tent for our baby to nap in while we are at the beach or outdoors on trips . it 's much easier than carrying around a play yard and also provides a lot more shade . it worked great from the first time , it 's easy to set up and is relatively durable . Definitely worth what we paid for it .
 I bought this tent to take to the beach for my 8 month old . The bag it comes in is so small that I thought , at first , that the tent may be too small for my baby . The tent is a great size for an 8 month old and even a little larger . It 's very durable and is great for the beach , except that , when your baby is n't in it , you need to put something in it to keep it from blowing away . The assembly was very easy for my husband who has assemble tents before , but I found it a bit more difficult . I would recommend that you face the solid purple tent side in the direction of the sun as the shear sides do n't provide shade . The first day we used it on the beach , I ended up draping our beach towels over the side to shield my napping baby from the sun . Overall , I am VERY happy with my purchase of this tent . I think it is value priced , and it fits back into its very small back with ease .
 Shipped fast ! Great quality ! The tent made a day at the beach enjoyable for a 1 year old but especially for Mommy . She loved the tent and spent hours just playing with her toys inside .
 I purchased this tent for use by my parent 's pool during the summer . I thought it would be a nice place for my baby to hang out , while being shaded . Unfortunately , both of my kids never wanted to be left alone in it , and would cry when placed in it . An older child could easily `` break out '' of the velcro door closure . I will say that it has been a favorite for my now 4 year old ... she loves playing in the tent now that she is older .
 Worked great for 9 month old on the beach . Provided a contained shaded and sand free play area . Went up easy with two people . Pain in the rear to put up alone .
 This tent was very useful and easy to put together . I used it at my home and even my 5 year old liked to hang out in it . We used it for my infant at the beach one afternoon and it was perfect for blocking the sun and having time in it .
 I have had this in my house since before my granddaughter could sit alone . She would sit on it and rock to hear the music . Now she is 17 mos . old and when she visits this still seems to be her favorite toy . She loves the keyboard and this toy is worth more than it costs .
 This is an awesome toy , but only if you can replace it every six months . My son 's conked out after only about 3 months of real play . He got it for Christmas , but did n't really understand it until later . The keys are stuck , it skips and wo n't stop sometimes . This is with brand new batteries . It is also VERY hard to clean . .
 My son received this piano for his 1st birthday and at first I was not very happy about it . But once he actually sat down and started playing with it I loved it . The music has a volume control -LRB- very important -RRB- and it 's quite pleasant to listen too . My son loves it because he can make it go on his own very easily . My 4 year old likes it to because by adjusting the playing level he can really make some `` music '' . I must admit I 've spent some time playing with it also . : -RRB-
 My daughter , nearly age 2 , LOVES this little piano . Santa brought it for her this past Christmas . She jams on it like Jerry Lee Lewis whenever she plays it . It is durable and withstands all of her abuse . She drags it around the playroom , sits on it , plays a little , and pushes it around some more . The only negative , and it 's a very small one , is that the little seat comes out easily but it does n't bother her . She loves to play with this toy . One other thing , though , the button to turn it on or make adjustments is quite small and she is unable to move it . Again , this does n't bother her but you will have to turn it on and off for your child . Overall , this is a wonderful fun toy for toddlers .
 My daughter is totally nuts about music . Anytime the radio is on or she hears music on the T.V. , she is bobbing her head , shaking her body , and singing -LRB- or at least trying to sing -RRB- . As soon as I saw this product I knew I had to buy it . I gave this to her for her first birthday . Assembly took about 7 minutes . It was very easy . As soon as I got done with that I grabbed her and put her on the seat . She went nuts with all the songs and lights . At first she kept falling off the seat because she would n't grab the handle bars but she got used to the rocking action and learned to steady herself -LRB- she still wo n't use the handle bars -RRB- . She is 15 months now and has been playing with the piano everyday since she got it . The only thing I do n't like is the seat . I think its too narrow . It 's only 5 inches wide . Hopefully her -LSB- bottom -RSB- dose n't get to much bigger anytime soon .
 Avid music fans , my parents got this for our 6-month-old daughter for Christmas . We sat her on it at 7 months , and now at 8 1/2 mo. she wants to play it almost every day . She pulls her self up to standing using the handles , rocks it back and forth , and bangs on the keys to keep the music coming . It plays a full c-scale on the self-play mode and even allows for three-finger chords . The keys light up when they are pressed . Very cool starter piano for little ones .
 My daughter is nine months old and walks . My in-laws bought this piano for her since she likes to play with our grown up piano . She loves it and despite the photo , she plays with it only while standing . She pulls off the yellow seat -LRB- why would you need that -RRB- and drags the piano in one hand and sometimes the seat in the other around the house while it plays music . To top it off she makes this satisfied `` ahh '' sound the whole time .
 He loves to rock , he loves music , he loves this!Its nice and colorful too . He just smiles !
 My Daugher got this as a gift for Christmas last year , now almost a year later at just age 2 , she still loves it and it has grown with her . Be sure that you turn it off at night tho ' because it will play automaticly if the floor is bumped or vibrated from walking !
 My 18 month old son LOVES his rock & play piano . He `` drives '' it all around the house , playing it as he goes . It was super easy to put together and incredibly durable . THe instrumental sounds are as close to reality as I have found on a child 's toy . He really loves the ability to choose the different instruments to play as well as the ability to just bang and listen to it play by itself . Great toy !
 When we threw out the Kick 'N Crawl Playbarn , I had wanted to go and get the Sparkling Symphony Gym . I could n't find it anywhere I went , so I finally resorted to online purchasing . While I was looking for it , I came across this ... the Sparkling Symphony Rock and Play Piano . It looked pretty cool , and the age range was higher then that of the gym . Our son is 8 months old , and as soon as we got it , we sat him on the seat and he proceeded to pound on the keys , turn the music sheet back and forth , and try and change the instrument . He even tried to move the on-off button . He will go from a sitting , to a leaning over , to a standing position , and literally dance while holding onto the side rails . We are absolutely satisfied with this product and will recommend it to all of our friends who have children his age and older . The Manufacturer 's suggested age is a year , but our son is a little advanced for his 8 months ... he 's almost to the point he 's walking . He 's stood for a few seconds with no support , and he pulls up on EVERYTHING he can . We got this a week ago , and since then he is actually now sitting on the seat and leaning forward . The one thing I might mention is that the seat is a LITTLE further away from the piano then some babies would be accustomed to . There should be a way to adjust the seat so it can be closer or further away depending on how long the babies legs are . Other then that , we are satisfied ... thanks for a great product : -RRB-
 I gave this piano to my nephew -LRB- 15 months at the time -RRB- for Christmas . He absolutely loves this toy . We opened it up right away so that he could perform for everyone . We could barely get the piano assembled -LRB- minor assembly required -RRB- because he wanted to play with it . AND his parents we especially appreciative . Not only does this stimulate his interest , the piano 's volume is just perfect ; not too loud , but still an enjoyable level .
 My daughter received this for Christmas and I was n't excited at first . I had seen the commercials and thought it was a lot of hype . Boy was I wrong ! Out of all the toys that she received this is by far her favorite . She loves the music and lucky for me it is n't too loud like some toys . We leave it on all the time and in over 2 months the batteries still work . We would definately recommend this toy .
 My husband and I purchased this toy for our son on his first birthday . He absolutely loves it ! He 's quit picky about the toys he plays with and he plays with this toy nonstop every day . The keys on the piano light up and the switch is very easy for him to turn on and off . It also has many instruments for him to choose from . The only complaint I have about this toy is that the seat comes off too easily , but my son on the other hand loves to take it off and put it back on . I would definitely suggest this toy , it 's not too noisy and it will keep your little ones busy .
 I love this toy . Actually , I love that my boys love this toy . My 1 year old sits on it all the time and really enjoys the lights and the music . He flips the ` page ' back and forth . My 3 year old really likes to play with it too . I gave it 3 stars for education because really all it does is play music . But it is a lot of fun for my kids and it 's been tossed around a bit and is holding up great .
 My daughter recieved this toy for her first birthday , she absolutely loves it ! She could hardly wait for me to finish putting it together , she was on my lap trying out the keys . After it was all together , -LRB- and it was pretty easy assembly -RRB- , she hopped right on it and played away ! Her older sister even likes to play on it and she is 4 1/2 ! I love the classical music , and the different levels of play . You can set it to play it 's own songs , or make your own music ! Overall this is one of our favorite toys !
 My son received this as a hand-me-down when he was 10 months and I was n't sure if he 'd play with it much . Let me tell you how wrong I was . He is constantly playing it , banging on it , flipping it over , dancing to the tunes , etc. . . He 's a year old now and still loves it just as much.It has an on/off switch that also changes it from `` regular '' -LRB- where the child plays the keys -RRB- or `` auto '' -LRB- where it plays by itself -RRB- . The child can also change the style of instrument sound that it makes . Also , another great feature is a tiny button underneath that changes the volume -LRB- thank goodness ! -RRB- The keys light up when pressed and an attached plastic music book changes the tune when the pages are turned . This is a wonderful toy that has entertained my son daily . We all love it !
 I bought this toy for my daughter 's first birthday and it was a hit with all the little ones that came to her party . This toy is played with almost every day at our home . Even my 3 year old enjoys playing on it . The one issue with this toy is that the seat is not secure to the base - my daughter often pulls it off and I find her sitting on the base .
 I bought this toy for the younger children in my daycare . It is a hit with the younger kids as well as the older kids . They like how you can play and rock at the same time . There is 3 different levels that this can go on and plays different music on each level . This toy is very durable .
 I got this for my son 's first b-day and he loves it ! The first 1 1/2 hours you could n't pull him away from it and months later he still is completely fascinated -LRB- no other object has interested him so much -RRB- . He especially likes to turn the `` page '' which changes the song . I highly recomend this one !
 My 2 year old daughter enjoys playing with this toy . She got it for her first birthday , and though she has used it the entire year , it is not the first toy she wants to play with , nor does she use it every day.The toy has some advantages to it though . The three modes of play make it easy for a child to grow with this toy . The first level just plays classical music , the second plays little bits , and the third is strictly an organ . -LRB- my daughter is in the organ stage now -RRB- There are a few things I did n't find necessary in this toy . 1 -RRB- the rocking - my daughter never wanted to rock when she was on this toy . In music mode , she would sometimes dance , but never on the piano . 2 -RRB- the option to switch musicd modes -LRB- violin , flute , etc -RRB- My daughter never had any interest in this . They all sound pretty much the same , and they are tinny at best . This is not even close to an accurate interpretation to what these instruments sound like . They should stick with organ/piano . One wish for me was that they would have interchangable disks of different music - even I get tired of these same songs.All in all , I think all children should be exposed to music , and some way of playing it , and that 's why I think this toy is worth having in your childs collection .
 My twins received this piano as a Christmas gift when they were 11 months old . They are now 19 months and still love this piano . It has held up very well and just works great . The songs are fun and are songs that my husband and I know as well so we all sing along together . The kids have taken more of an interest in this toy as they have gotten older because now they realize that they can make the music as well as the piano automatically playing songs just by sliding the little switch . It 's so easy to use and they just really enjoy it . I would highly recommend this toy . It 's a really fun way to introduce your children to music and a wonderful way for them to express themselves as well through making up their own tunes .
 I wanted to get my daughter a great gift for her first birthday and this was it ! She loves to rock it and then play and dance . The seat also moves so that it can grow with her . And after four months this toy continues to be a hit at my house with her and all the kids that come over . Which for anyone that has little ones is amazing !
 I gave this piano to my nephew -LRB- 15 months at the time -RRB- for Christmas . He absolutely loves this toy . We opened it up right away so that he could perform for everyone . We could barely get the piano assembled -LRB- minor assembly required -RRB- because he wanted to play with it . AND his parents we especially appreciative . Not only does this stimulate his interest , the piano 's volume is just perfect ; not too loud , but still an enjoyable level .
 An amazing toy from FP ! My son , who is 2 1/2 , LOVES this ! He still plays with it nearly every day ! :-RRB- Thanks again FP!But , did anyone read the above mentioned manufactorers age
 This product is educational as well as fun . Lot 's of smiles and giggles with this one !
 My daughter got this toy as a gift at a young age . She was only about six months old . I actually only used the piano portion for several months . I have to say this is her favorite toy . We used the piano top for long distance car rides and overal fun for our baby girl . I highly recommend this toy .
 I bought this because my daughter loves to dance to music and of course likes to hit buttons . She loves this . She is 1 and I bought it for her for xmas and has had it for 2 months and plays with it everyday . I recommend this for any kit that likes music and likes to dance . She also surprisingly sat right on the seat . For a kid that does not walk yet she gets right up on it and starts rocking it back and forth.Oh and big plus is the volume switch ! I have to say every toy should have this . The quiet volume is perfect for when you want to read and she is having fun but the noise is driving you crazy .
 I bought this piano for my 1 year old and he has n't gotten a chance to get it away from his 3 year old brother . It is geared for the younger children but the older ones love it as well . This is about the only toy that holds their interest longer then a day . I would highly recommend it .
 I gave it to him for his first birthday and he just loves it ... goes over to it all the time , gets on the bench and bangs away !!!!
 My daughter got this for her first birthday . She loved it . She would sit and play with it for hours . She is now 2 1/2 and getting a little big for it , but she still loves to sit on it now and again . I really recommend this toy .
 I purchased this toy for my grandson well before he turned one , he is now almost two and he still loves to sit on it , make music and sing.This toy is a lot of fun !! We grown-ups have played with it too !!!
 I bought this for my daughter last year when she was 11 mos . She still loves it . The only problem is the seat . It is too far back and she sits on the support between the toy & the actual seat .
 I like to avoid buying toys that a child will quickly bore of . So I take my daughter -LRB- now 19 months -RRB- to the toy store and set her down in the aisle . I see which toys she gravitates to . I take it off the shelf and let her play with the box . Well , after probably half a dozen times doing this , she ALWAYS picked up this toy . So finally I bought it . She was so excited as I put it together . From the day I bought it -LRB- probably 3 months ago -RRB- , she has played with it every day . She likes it in the rocking mode , and she loves flipping the pages on the book to make the songs change . And she bobs her head and rocks the piano and basically just jams along . I keep it in the kitchen and she entertains herself with it whenever I 'm cooking or cleaning up . She will carry it from room to room herself to play with it too.Recently her 18 month old boy friend came over to play . It was an immediate hit with him too . He liked to straddle the seat and stay standing up and pick the whole thing up by the handles and walk around with it . The two of them took turns -LRB- euphemism for fought over it -RRB- for probably an hour.Best of all , mom and dad like the music too . We both catch ourselves humming the tunes . Our daughter will start playing with it and I 'll start dancing around the room to the music -- she just thinks that is hysterical.I already plan to buy this as a birthday gift for a niece and Christmas gifts for others . This is a good bet for your toddler !
 I bought this piano for my granddaughter as she was so fascinated with it in the store . Her mom has a piano and keyboard at their house and reminded me of this . I said I did not have one at my house so that is where we put it . My granddaughter is 13 months old and loves it . She likes to flip the page to change the tune . She especially loves banging on the keyboard to make the music play.I counted 8 tunes
 This electronic piano is versatile , holds attention , and plays classical music ! Versatile - the keyboard can be placed on the floor without legs/seat to entertain babies as young as 4 mos . It also has 3 different modes . In mode one , baby presses a key to hear an entire song . In mode two , baby presses a key to hear part of a song and presses another key to hear more . In mode three , baby can play their own song by tapping the keys . Attention holding - keys that light up , a plastic book above the keys that changes the tune when baby flips the pages , a plastic arrow that baby can point to select from five different instruments -- piano , violin , harp , tuba , or flute -LRB- the classical songs are then played by that instrument in a solo -RRB- , handles that allow baby to use it standing up , a small seat that allows baby to sit and use it , and the piano shuts itself off if baby does not touch it . This saves on batteries ! Musical repertoire - 4 classical songs and 4 children 's tunes . We could not find any other musical piano for baby that played classical songs .
 I bought this for my children . It is a wonderful toy . Except for the seat . The younger chidren are afraid to sit on it . My two year old falls out of the seat very easily . The seat is too narrow just be careful of any furniture nearby . Except for that problem they love it .
 This toy i bought for my 11 month old for xmas . I did not have a chance to save it because my son enjoyed it so much in the box i had to give it to him right then and there . My son laughed , and played with this toy and it kept his attention for a long time . The music is wonderful because it is all different and it also changes when you flip the little book . A wonderful toy and very affordable for all the features .
 My son recieved this toy for his first birthday and we already had a small piano ; however , this new piano is a definite hit . Both he and my 3 year old son love the bright lights , catchy music , and the seat . I also like the fact that it does not play annoying music like some other musical toys . My son loves the seat although it could be a bit bigger . If your children like music and dancing this could be the piano for you .
 I puchased this for my 10-month old daughter . She loves to play it in it 's steady setting . She did not like the rocking as she would rock it all the way over . So far she likes it a lot and it keeps her interested for blocks of time which is very good . I work at home and need her distracted while I work on the computer . It works great to put it in a pack-n-play and she sits on the seat and just plays away . She likes that because it gives her sometime to put her back against . Without it , it tends to want to tip over . This is the only main complaint tha I have , but the music sounds good and is very entertaining .
 I RECEIVED THIS TOY AS A GIFT & MY 11 MONTH OLD SON LOVES THE LIGHTS & MUSIC . IT HAS DIFFERENT INSTRUMENT SETTINGS AND THE MUSIC SELECTIONS ARE GREAT . THE ONLY COMPLAINT I HAVE IS THAT THE SEAT IS PRETTY MUCH JUST A SQUARE BLOCK . NOT THE BEST FOR A BABY THAT TENDS TO LEAN OVER . THEY SHOULD HAVE MADE THIS WITH A NICE BUCKET TYPE SEAT OR AT LEAST WITH A BACK OF SOME SORT . ALL IN ALL I AM HAPPY WITH IT BECAUSE IT HOLDS MY SON 'S ATTENTION AND IT IS REALLY A CUTE TOY . I WOULD RECOMMEND BUYING IT .
 This piano toy is great ... only problem is that it is too too low to the ground . The base/seat should 've been much higher . When my son sat down , he had to bend his knees , and his knees rested on the floor as he was sitting on the seat and playing with the keyboard . The box claimed to be for `` 12 months + '' , then they should 've made the seat adjustable to make it higher . The way the seat is positioned , it seems like this toy is for 12 months and UNDER , not plus . Other than this complaint , my son enjoyed pressing the keys and making music.Also , it is very durable and so easy to assemble -LRB- did it in minutes -RRB- .
 My daughter received this piano from her Grandparents for her 1st birthday and she likes it better than any of the other toys she received . She will sit on this for a very long time which is very unusual for her since at this age the attention span is very short . She loves to hold on to the sides and rock back and forth and loves to bang the keys and play the music . She does not have to have help getting on and off she can do it all by herself . This is a great toy .
 A great musical toy with dials to move and plastic song page to turn . Nice variations of changable instrument sounds and array of well produced sounding songs.The seat is almost redundant for our 1 year old , but he may start to use it down the road . Since he plays it standing up , the keyboard is a bit too low from the ground . Still , he likes this so much , little Travolta starts to dance as he plays!Nice toy .
 My 8 mo. old received this for Christmas and loves it . She plays and dances and has figured out that when it stops all she has to do is hit the keys . The only thing I do n't like about it is the seat . It sits too far away from the piano and is too small . The seat is unsafe for children who are not walking yet . We removed it and it works great with her sitting on the floor .
 My 8-month old son received this as a Christmas present and he absolutely loves it . He is just starting to stand with minimal assistance and can balance himself quite nicely by holding on to the handles . The seat is a little small , but my son would rather stand and rock the piano . He has n't really taken an interest to hitting the piano keys , but really loves flipping the music book back and forth to change the tunes . I enjoy listening to the jazzed up songs and like that you can change the instrument sound . This was definitely my son 's favorite Christmas gift .
 This is wonderful ... My daughter who is almost one year old just loves it . She moves to the music and smiles away . I would recommend this toy .
 This toy has been a big hit with my 14 month old son . He received it for his birthday and I 'd have to agree with most of the reviews I 've read . It 's a great toy for a child who loves music . My son loves shaking it so that the music plays , or hitting the keys . He especially enjoys lifting up the whole toy -LRB- it 's quite light -RRB- and carrying it around the room . But he goes crazy dancing and shaking his head with the music . This is one of a few toys which he seeks out everyday and will entertain himself with for awhile -LRB- he loves musical toys -RRB- . I only wish the piano played a few more tunes ! And I completely agree about the seat bottom , it 's TINY . I mean , it fits my son perfectly , but it just looks like the seat should be twice the size that it actually is .
 My 10 mo old daughter loves this ! I was afraid that she would n't be old enough , but since there are no small pieces , we opted to let her have it now . Well , I 'm glad we did ! She really likes it ! She 'll sit on the seat and bang on the keys . When the music starts by her hitting the keys she 'll look at me with pride !
 Santa brought this for my darling 16 month old daughter . She loves music and definately loves this little piano . She sits perfectly on the chair and pounds away at the piano keys . Even my other 3 YO daughter gets use out of it , so its definately durable . Entertaining indeed !
 I purchased the rock 'n play piano for my daughter on her 1st birthday . She loves it and plays with it regularly . She walks up to it , sits down and points to it wanting the piano to be turned on . Once the music begins to play she begins to dance as she sits on the cute little chair . She loves to dance to music . For a child that loves music this got to be the best investment that I have made so far .
 My daughter , who loves music and dancing , got this for her first birthday and she simply adores it . So does her older 4 yr . old brother . What makes it great is that there are 3 different activity modes so both my kids are able to enjoy it . With my daughter for instance , I set it on the 1st mode so all she has to do is plant herself on the attached seat . When she begins to move or shake it -LRB- by holding the side handles -RRB- , it will automatically play music . There is an instrument selector on the interface panel and it 'll allow you to change the tune from piano to violin , flute , harp and even the trombone . My 4 yr . old likes to play with it on the 3rd mode so that he can create his own music . The whole toy seems to be quite sturdy and my daughter has never fallen off it -LRB- although there were a few close encounters . -RRB- So I do wish that the seat was just a tad wider but that 's about it . Overall , I think this toy is great , esp . for introducing the little ones to music .
 We have 6 pianos at home and this is her new favorite . Our 8 month old loves to dance and now she can play the piano to activate the music and dance or rock back and forth holding on to the side handles . I would n't recomend this for a baby that ca n't get around on her feet . The chair is high enough to fall off and get hurt . Also the bar in the middle can trip your baby if they are not used to lifting their feet to get over objects . Still a great toy .
 My 1 year old son absolutely loves this . Mommy , daddy , and anyone else in the room have to join in . It 's fun for him because he can see through it , and by adding blankets over the top adds extra fun
 We got this for our two toddlers and it was an instant hit . Very easy to compress back into a disk for easy storage . The quality is excellent . All of the kids ' friends love it , and even our niece and nephew -LRB- who are elementary school age -RRB- play with it .
 if you have a crawling infant , this toy is incredible ! i have almost one year old twins who chase each other , me , and their toys through it . It 's great because it is see through . they are not afraid to go into it or stay in it . right now we use it inside but i 'm sure when they get older , we 'll take it outside . an older neice pretended she was a caterpillar and played with it for quite a while too ! i 'm very glad we spent the money on this . the shipping was a little costly but i have n't been able to find the see through one in a local store .
 Length :
 My 5 year old , thinks this is the neatest ! We all remember ours as kids , and it really helps with thier discovery skills .
 I love this tunnel ! We have a 2 year and twin 1 year olds . The kids play with it all the time and the see-tru feature is great . What I really like about it is that it folds up and is very easily stored . Space is at a premium at our house so anything that folds up flat , keeps all the kids happy , and does n't make noise , is a winner . It 's great !
 My grandchildren love this tunnel and played with it all evening when we exchanged gifts . It appears to be durable . It 's easy to store since it folds flat .
 This is great ! Lots of fun and super durable . It 's durability may be its only drawback because the wire that provides the structure for the tube is uncomfortable to lay on . But that is the only drawback . It does n't slow our girls down much from enjoying this fun tube !
 It is everything that it says it is . The quality is much higher than one I bought in some random store . Mesh -LRB- it really is n't mesh , more like fabric , but I do n't know what to call it -RRB- has held up to all of my kids ' antics . My 2 and 4 year olds really like it . The metal is hard on the knees for an adult , but the kids do n't seem to mind it and , if that is the price of a toy that will last , I 'll take it .
 I gave this to my brother for his grandchildren for Christmas . I have heard it was a complete success!For folks who have &#34; everything &#34; , why not add to their collection of toys for grandchildren !
 I bought this for my grandson who is 14 months old . Right now , he is a little apprehensive and wo n't crawl in it . I think he will in a few more months . It 's very well made and I love that you can see through it .
 My almost one year old nephew loves the tunnel . I am glad I purchased the mesh one so we can see him as he enjoys it !
 We bought this tent/tunnel combination for our daughter 's first birthday and have not been disappointed . She and her two-year-old brother LOVE it ! It 's very easy to assemble and take down . -LRB- under 3 minutes -RRB- You wo n't believe how small it is for storing . I bring it out on rainy days when we ca n't get outside to play . I 've crawled through the tunnel a few times , or wiggled through it , I should say , because it is not adult sized . There is plenty of room for two adults and two children in the tent . I would buy it again !!!
 I bought this for my 3 year old granddaughter for Christmas . She made me set it up as soon as she opened the gift . All the kids went to play in it and we could n't get them to open other gifts!Now I have to get one for my grandnieces!I love that the tent is large enough to seat several children or a couple of adults and a child or two.Very easy to set up too .
 We purchased this tent for my daughter 's 3rd birthday . This was the gift she was most excited about . She wanted to play with it right away , she liked it so much that she slept in it the first night . It 's great for indoor use during the cold winter months . I like that the tunnel can also be played with by itself . The tent and tunnel both are easily put up and are also easy to take down . Both fold up nicely and are easy to store in a small place . The fabric on the bottom of the tent is kind of noisy ... . But this would n't stop me from buying it again .
 Bought this for my grandson . He really enjoyed to parts seperately . He loved the tunner and the tent ! Ths was easy to transport on a plane ... as we had to fly to India ... : - -RRB-
 Our twin girls love playing in this , especially going through the tunnel . We put a ball pit in the middle of the tent , and they love it even more . It does take up a lot of room , though , so you need to already have some idea of where you will keep it . So far , no issues with sturdiness .
 The tent is about 4 ' square and the tunnel is 6 ' long . Our daughter has played and enjoyed her time with this set . We look forward to play dates and the fun they will have . No problems .
 We bought this tent for my 6 year old 's birthday . Our daughters are 6 and 3 . We 've only used this tent indoors . Very nice . Very cute . The girls love playing in it ... pretend house , pretend camp , pretend slumber party . After 6 months the tent is still in perfect condition . Honestly , I would have to imagine if anyone 's tent is tearing or the rods are breaking , then maybe their children are too rough with it . I teach my girls to take care of their toys.The tent is very , very easy to put up , take down and store . I have no complaints . I would definitely buy this product again or buy it for a gift .
 I bought this for my one year old ... however all four of my kids , ranging from one to 13 , enjoy playing in this tent and tunnel . The colors are very vibrant , it holds up well -LRB- for now at least -RRB- , and can be set up quickly .
 My daughters -LRB- 7 and 3 -RRB- both love this tent ... so roomy inside ... great for tea parties and picnics . It will provide many years of enjoyment .
 Lego 2006 Technic lineup features vehicles that are not only fun to play with , but also recreating technical aspects in today 's construction and material handling industries . The Telehandler is no exception . For $ 30 US you get to build not only the telehandler , but also a front-end loader . Both models feature rear-wheel steering and very realistic functions similar to the machines they are replicating . The main model in this set has a front bucket that not only raises up and down and tilts , but also telescopes out quite far . I realize that a lot of Technic enthusiasts are n't crazy about the integration of smooth liftarms instead of the traditional studded beams , but many of the models created in the last few years look much more life-like with the smooth , curved liftarms . All in all , a good value for your money .
 My 10 year old nephew was thrilled to receive this gift . I was not able to find this toy in any stores in my area so I tried Amazon.com and was surprised and happy to find it . I love the Super Saver Shipping . Thanks !
 My son got this toy for his first Christmas from his aunt and uncle . He was 10 months old . He loves it . He is now 21 months old and he still gets on it to ride it . He loves the music , too .
 My 9 month old son has had this walker for about 3 weeks . In that time he is now able to stand up and balance on his own . I was worried at first he fell a few times but now he races around the house like a big boy . He is not too interested in dropping the balls in the basket but likes to roll them across the floor . It is really cute and even plays music which he loves .
 We bought this toy for my son when he was 9 months old . He loved pushing it around as a walker and absolutely loved playing with the balls and music . He is now 18 months old and still loves to ride his bike . It goes all over the house with him . I have found this toy to be very stable and unlike the other reviews have never had a problem with my child hurting himself on it . He even stands up on it now , even though we discourage him of this , and it has never caused an accident .
 I bought this for my 10 month old son who was starting to stand and walk while holding onto the furniture . Within the 2 weeks since I bought this item , he has started to walk around the house and even drops the balls into the basket while standing behind it . This was a great investment for him and for us .
 this is the best toy I have bought . My sons plays with it for hours a day .
 My son loves this ! When he falls the legs catch him so he falls in between the toy ! He also has gained confidence in his walking from it !
 I got this toy as a gift when my daughter was 9 months she loves it . She walks all over the house with it every day It 's very stable she 's never tiped it over and when she 's not walking with it she 's playing with the balls she love to drop them in the basket and watch them roll around to the back . My 3 & 1/2 year old nephew loves to play with it too he 's always switching it from walker to a scooter -LRB- we 're always telling him to give the baby back her toy -RRB- . This toy is worth every penny and will grow with your child How ever it can get rolling pretty fast but I dont know how they can fix that I dont know of many toddlers -LRB- just learnig to walk -RRB- that would be able to use brakes . If you keep it on carpet it shuld be fine .
 This toy is excellent . We bought it for my daughter when she was about 8 months old . She loves to push the nose and make it play music and dances to it . I was amazed when I discovered that she knew how to put the balls in the basket and even more impressed when she knew where to find them in the back . We find all kinds of things she has put in the basket . I love that it can be a walking or ride on toy . It will grow with her without taking up the space or money two separate toys would . This is easily one of her favorite toys and keeps her entertained for quite awhile .
 I would have to echo the sentiments of many of the other reviews . I bought this when my 11 month old son started pushing everything he could around the living room . He loves it but it is way too fast for his little legs . Also , it moves around when he is just trying to play with the balls and net because you ca n't stabilize it . Plus when the balls disappear he gets very disappointed.It 's definitely going to help his walking but it 's a constant supervision toy .
 I first got this toy 4 years ago at a yard sale for my oldest boy . Well , it 's been through 2 kids , really rough boys , and we just had to get another one . They play with it every day , and it 's still going strong . The handle did come off , that 's why we got another one for my third boy to enjoy when he 's old enough . I love this toy , and I 'm so glad that I ran across it 4 years ago .
 We bought this toy for my daughter for Christmas . She was six months old and was just learning to crawl . Well as soon as we got it out of the box she started playing with it . She has learned to walk with it and hold her balance . She loves this toy and plays with it every day . We have even taken it out to the yard and she was able to push it around . It moves easily around on carpet , tile , and grass . I so glad that we got this for her now .
 My 11 month old LOVES this toy ! It 's a great toy and lots of fun . As for the reviewer that gave it 1 star , I agree with all of that , this toy is for babies a little over five months . Of course they 'll fall off of it at that age . And yes - you do have to watch your child , but you have to watch your child with any toy , especially at that age ! The toy says 9 months and up and is wonderful for that age . It 's ridiculous to go against the manufacturer 's guidelines and then say a toy is awful .
 We got this for our 8 1/2 month old son because he is just dying to walk and we thought this would help him . He loved it right from the beginning , even on our wood floors he got the hang of it in about an hour . It does n't turn , as other reviewers mentioned and it 's funny to watch him ram into something over and over , thinking it will move out of his way ! It can go very fast on wood floors and it does n't always move forward in a straight line -LRB- the floor is very slippery -RRB- but he still loves it . Our son would `` walk '' this thing around all day if we let him !
 This was a very good buy for our daughter , as she was learning to walk , she is 19 months and still plays and rides on it . Every time we go to any store , and she sees it ... she laughs and pushes the little nose as it plays . We love it , and hope you do too .
 My daughter received this toy for her first birthday . It has not really ever been used as a walker , but since the day she got it , she has loved sitting on it and discovering various ways to put the balls in the basket . She rides it everyday now . As other reviews mentioned , there are no brakes and it does n't turn ... my daughter -LRB- who is now 15 months old -RRB- also has a toddler bike that does turn and she has yet to figure out the turning feature . As for the lack of brakes , babies in this age range should n't be riding without supervision anyhow.This is a favorite toy in our house and I would recommend it .
 this toy was definitely worth the money my son had gotten it when he was just 1 year , now he is 3 and still enjoying it , great as a ride on toy . The ball game is very stimulating for the developing brain of a toddler
 My daughter received this for her 1st birthday -LRB- as she has no inclination to walk -RRB- . She LOVES riding the toy , playing with the balls , and pressing the nose for music . The music makes her dance ... she thinks it is the greatest thing.My only complaint is that the locking mechanism underneath is HARD to unlock when wanting it in the Stride position ... however , I have to think about safety before convenience . . Planning to purchase this for a pregnant friend ...
 My daughter received this for her first Christmas , she was 8 months old . She did not like to sit on it but this helped her learn how to walk . She would walk with this thing all through the house and play with the balls in order to get the music on . The only problem is she is not really good at turning it around . I recommend this to all parents .
 Our son recieved this walker/ride on toy for Christmas when he was 8 1/2 mos old and loves it still !! Every day when he sees it , his face just lights up and he loves to push it around the house . We have n't turned it into a ride-on-toy yet , but I 'm sure once we do , he 'll be even happier !! He plays with it DAILY -- and he is finally able to put the balls into the basket by himself . He loves the music and the lights that flash . We love the volume control switch and the happy face . It 's awesome !
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas because at 9 months she was already learning to walk and I wanted a versatile walker that would n't be obsolete after she started walking on her own . I liked the fact that this toy converts to a rider . I also liked the fact that it played music and had an interactive play area built in . Overall this toy has been great for my daughter and she enjoys playing with it . It is definitely something we will be using for quite awhile . The colors are wonderful , the music is n't too loud or obnoxious -LRB- you know how some toys can be that way ... -RRB- and she loves playing with the plastic balls that come with it.My one gripe about this toy is that , for me , it is SUPER difficult to adjust from the walker to ride position . My daughter enjoys playing with it both ways , so we often have to switch back and forth for her and I just do n't have the strength . When it 's in the walker position , you have to push down very hard on a little red button that is flush with the seat level and at the same time move the seat components . It 's just a very difficult button to push anyway , coupled with trying to coordinate the closing of the seat . Likewise converting from the closed seat to the open walker position you have to press on a latch and at the same time spread the seat components apart ... same problem ... difficult to push the latch and coordinate the opening.So , I just have my husband do it ... the toy is worth it to put up with this annoying but overall minor issue.I still recommend this to parents as a fun , sturdy activity toy for their kids .
 We purchased this walker for my daughter for her first birthday . She loves it ! I did read many review before purchasing this item which was very helpful . But your really never know until you try it yourself . This walker DOES HAVE a switch to lower the volume of the music . All you have to do is move the switch to the middle notch . Also , when you convert the walker to ride be sure to adjust the latch under the back legs to lock in place for riding . This is a great product , I totally recommended it . My had her first playdate yesterday and now her playmate is getting one.Texas Mommy
 My son received this toy for Christmas when he was eight months old . We set it up and put it in a closet because it was very obvious to us that it was way too advanced for him at that point . BUT ... One day I was trying to work from home and was desperately trying to find something to preoccupy him with . I pulled this toy out of the closet and he just could n't get enough of it . From then on he has played with it on a daily basis.At first , I would connect the two back pieces together so that he could n't try to pull himself up on it . At the time , I knew that he was not ready for a walker yet so he would just crawl and push the toy around.The next thing I knew , I was extremely pleased one day to find that my son was playing the basketball game correctly ! He would put the balls in the basket and reach around to the back to get them once they rolled around to the tray . Then he them back in again and so on and so on . It was one of the first times I witnessed him demonstrating an advanced thought processes.Once he started pulling up and cruising around the furniture , we separated the back pieces so that he could use the walker . This toy is sturdy and heavy enough to support him trying to walk . It is not so lightweight that it takes off without him , it requires his effort.Another bonus is the sound switch that has two volume controls and an off option . I leave the sound off most of the time and my son does n't care a bit.I would highly recommend this toy .
 My son is 9 months , and he started cruising with the furniture . I bought this toy to give him more of a chance to cruise . After reading some of the negative reviews , I was hesitant . However , I went for this one b/c of the capability to turn it into a ride-on toy later . Well , I am very glad I got it . Before I even took it out of the package , my son was over trying to push the nose to make noise . It has 2 of his favorite things , balls to dunk & and button to play music . It took him about 3 days before he started standing up behind it to push around . At first , it kind of made him almost run behind it to keep up , but within a day he was able to better control the speed . He usually , stands up on it , pushes the nose for some music , and begins to cruise . He can also stop it when the music stops , so that he can again push the nose . He also likes it when I turn it into a ride-on & push him around . My only complaint is that our rooms are n't long enough ! I will say , that if baby comes up on something in the floor that stops the toy , if he continues to push , he will push it over . But with a clear path & room to move , my son has had a blast .
 My twins love this toy . Sometimes I have to take it away because they both want to walk with it . It really helps them learn to walk and they are so proud when they walk around . It 's also fun to let them ride .
 My daughter loves this toy !! It did n't seem to be to fast for her little legs -LRB- as some others noted in reviews -RRB- . She is 10 months old and loves pushing the pink nose on the smiley face to hear the music . This toy seems very durable and the walk is smooth with the wheels gliding along nicely . Definitely a good investment !!
 This walker/rider , is the best thing we have bought for either one of our children . I would buy it again , even if cost -LSB- price -RSB- . It 's worth it . If I could say one thing , it would be to go out and buy this item for you child -LRB- ren -RRB- .
 Our son got this about 3 years ago as a Christmas gift from my brother . He also got the Little Tikes push car from Santa . So here it was we had two toys . One quiet , one loud . Both basically did the same thing . We kept both . Had another child who is 16 months younger than the first one . So having both has come in handy . They are almost 4 and 2 1/2 now . They both still play with both even though they can ride trikes . The amazing thing about the stride to ride walker - I do n't think I have EVER changed the batteries . It is currently sitting outside and has been outside for probably close to a year now . It has been exposed to rain , cold weather , sun , etc. . The music will go off by itself if I just drive by the thing in my car ! It refuses to die . My son has even put mud inside the basketball goal portion of . It will not die . It also has not faded . I personally prefer the little tikes push car for its simplicity but this toy is great if you like the other features it has . My husband is amazed how well it has held up with the abuse it has received .
 My son is 18 months old and absolutly loves this toy . He has had it since he began walking around 10 months . He loved to sit on it while we pushed him back and forth . Now that he has got the hang of it there is not a day that goes by that he do n't play with it .
 My son loves this toy . He 's 13mo . and crusing , not yet walking but he goes everywhere with this toy . He does n't like to sit on it as much as he likes to push it around . I think it could be a little better if it had movable wheels , for manuvering and if it had a switch so that we could control the speed . But my son seems to find no fault with it ... and therefore we 're all happy !
 This toy is wonderful . We just bought this toy for my eight month old son and he absolutely loves it . He could stand by himself but had not taken his first unassited steps when we bought it , but by the end of the day he was running down the hall with it and having a marvelous time . We have also had fun playing with him and the basket and balls . He gets a kick out of watching the balls go into the basket and disappear . The only concern one might have is that the walker does move fast , even over carpeted surfaces . Overall , we are very happy with the purchase .
 I am going to go against everyone and say that I like this walker . We received it as a gift before my son could walk and was hesitant at first that it would work at helping him walk , but I was wrong . This walker started my son walking . Yes , it occassionally got away from him , but it was n't bad . He only tipped it over once , and it was a complete accident , and besides , he laughed . My son walked this around our house , banging into everything and setting the music off . He loved it and used it everyday . He quickly grasped walking and moved to the other Fisher Price walker . He loves pressing the nose and setting off the music . He learned very fast how to play with the basketball net up front and still plays with it today . We have closed the legs of the walker and he tries to scoot around the house on it . He has also used it as a step stool to get on the couch . We are in a playgroup and I have noticed that all of the kids in the group own this and they all had positive things to say about it . I would agree to use caution on hardwood floors . I can see how it can get away from a child . The only thing -LRB- s -RRB- I do n't like about it is we have a small house and the legs hit a lot of stuff while he was walking around with it . I had to make a clear path and get everything out of their way . The only other thing is that it is kind of hard to get the clip back and forth to open or close the legs . It hurts your fingers and sometimes it is a struggle . My child loves it and I am thankful that there was something like this out there to help him learn to walk .
 We bought this toy about 1 week ago for my 11 month old son it has been a lot of fun for him.It moves at a slower pace than the other `` walkers '' we researched . Although it still is a bit faster than what we would have liked . The only real draw back is the basketball hoop in the front . My son expects the balls to come out the front instead of the back . He puts them in the hoop but has given up on `` finding '' them because they are concealed in the back . Over all it is a great buy and I think we will get a lot of use out of it .
 My son , now almost 11 months loves this walker over all of the ones he has tried at neighbors ' houses . This one has more side to side stability , which makes it safe , and the wheels move more easily over the carpet than some others . The music is motivating , and the balls are an added plus -LRB- if you can find them -RRB- . He still is n't able to turn it , but he learned at about 9 1/2 months to maneuver himself around to the front and push it backwards to get out of a corner . The locking mechanism to move it from a walker to a ride on -LRB- and especially to move it back -RRB- is difficult , but it 's still worth it . His 19 month and 3 year old cousins renewed their love for this toy when we were visiting -- they all fought over it .
 This toy helped my daughter learn to walk at one year , and now she is starting to use it as a rider at 15 months . Yes , it goes a bit fast on solid surfaces -LRB- hard woods , concrete , etc. -RRB- but so do the other 3 walking/riding toys we got for her 1st birthday . I 'm afraid that is one of the inherent risks of this type of toy , and the reason that we were by her side while she was using it to learn to walk . Having said that , it does go much more slowly on carpet and she just loves it ! I would recommend this one over all three of the others we received because she plays with it even when she is n't riding it and it is large enough that she will be able to use it for a long time to come .
 We bought this toy for our daughter when she was 7 months old . . In less the 3 days she had the hang of it and by 8 months she was mobile and has pushed this thing many miles through the house ! We had a walker for her already and this purchase was prompted by a nasty fall with her old one . . Can you say `` front heavy '' ? She actually did a complete flip over the top of it . . We have not had a single fall with this one and shes 11 months old now . . It 's sturdy , easy to use and she loves pushing it and riding on it -LRB- and switching from one position to the other is quick and simple -RRB- . . When rating the educational value I only gave it a 3 . . How educationl is dropping a few colored balls into a hole ? But fun value gets a 5 , shes always smiling when playing with it and durable got a 5 but deserves a 10 ! The best -LRB- ... -RRB- I 've spent in quite awhile .
 My son loves to push this around , he enjoys the music and has learned how to push the nose on the front to make it play music .
 We bought this for our son when he was about 10 months old and just learning to cruise around . He loved it and did A LOT of cruising ! Once he could walk on his own , he continued to push it all over the house . The two tunes that it plays are fun to listen to and he often pushes the bikes `` nose '' to hear the music . Once he was old enough , we pushed the `` legs '' together to make a seat . We call it his bike and he rides it like crazy . He is now over 2 years old and still gets a ton of use out of this toy . I highly recommend it to anyone who has a soon to be walker . It will continue to entertain your child for a long period of time . The only thing I could do without are the balls . It seems I spend more time looking for them around the house than my son ever did play with them ! It is fun for them for a little while to put the balls in the basket and see where they end up , but did n't keep his attention for very long . All in all , I love this push/ride toy . Great price for the use we 've gotten out of it .
 My boy got this for christmas at which time he was learning to walk . He still loves it !!! He pushes it everyhere and loves to turn on the music.I have read other people say it tips over easy . This is true on some level ... it is not meant to be sturdy like a table or chair to pull up on , so you must obviously supervise when your child is first learing to pull up onto it . However , once they get the hang of standing up , its great . My son has fallen over it and it has tipped on occasion , when he leans over it -LRB- or something like that -RRB- . However , it is very light weight and he has NEVER gotten hurt from it.I love it and would recommend it to anyone !!!
 My 8 month old has had this toy now for about a month and he really enjoys playing with it . He loves the cute lil tunes and playing with the balls . He also loves riding on the toy but I really wish this toy had brakes or had more weight to hold it down . He has a hard time walking with it because it tips over . It is one of his favorite toys though and plays with it everyday .
 I PURCHASED THIS TOY FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTER AND SHE JUST LOVED IT . THE TOY WAS SOMETHING TO HOLD ON TO WHILE SHE LEARNED TO WALK . THE BALLS ARE NOT THAT INTERESTING BUT THE MUSIC AND THAT CUTE LITTLE FACE ON THE FRONT MAKE UP FOR IT . I THINK IT IS A VERY HELPFUL FUN TOY TO WALK BEHIND OR RIDE .
 My son , then 9 months , received this walker along with a playskool walker for Christmas . The playskool walker has since been banished to our garage . The Fisher Price walker is so much more fun ! My little boy is walking now , but he still likes pushing it back and forth across the floor and riding on it . Even my 2.5 year old likes to sit on it and pretend he 's `` going to work '' :-RRB- This is definitely on my list of my top 5 favorite toys that we own !
 My 3 year old loves this toy . It 's now an outside toy , but she has consistently played with it since day one . She learned to push with it -LRB- watch out for wood floors , it tends to go fast -RRB- . She loved the balls and the sounds as well . Now it 's a ride on toy that she 's a little tall for , but she still scoots around on it.We left it outside and that ruined the sound , but for us it was a good thing . ; -RRB-
 We used this toy for our 3 year old boy when he was learning to walk and it really did help him learn . He did n't use it to ride on after that , but it sure did help the motion of walking . We are know using this toy for my 11 month old as he is trying to walk . He his folling his brother 's footsteps . He his using it to help stabelize him -LRB- however , when they are first learning , you need to be there to make sure it does not roll out from under them -RRB- . Everytime we put him down we put him standing , holding the bar and he will balance then take 2 to 3 steps . I buy this toy for `` first birthdays '' if the child is not walking yet . Great choice !
 We got this for our son after he learned to pull himself up on things . At first he was more interested in playing with the balls and pushing the nose for the lights and music . But after a while , he started walking with it . At first it was a bit too fast for him , but then he got the hang of it . It was hilarious watching him learning to maneuver it around corners and to where ever he wanted to go . Now he 's 17 months old and has been walking on his own for quite some time , but he 'll still grab this toy and go on a rampage around the house . The only problem we had was that it is kind of difficult to get the legs to stay together for the ride on feature . This toy is a definate must have !
 I bought this walker when my twins were 10 months old . I was hoping it would encourage them to walk more . At first they were n't too interested in using it as a walker , but once I put the legs together and sat them on it , that was it ! It only took a couple of days for them to figure out how to climb on the seat and start pushing themselves , or whinning until someone did it for them . They both LOVE to ride around on it . And 10 year old big brother loves pushing them around the house . My boy twin will even push my girl twin on his knees . The balls and basket did n't do much for them , I think we lost the balls within a week . And the song is sort of annoying . If you walk too hard anywhere near it , it starts playing . But the kids really seem to enjoy the music , as they 're flying all over the house ! I bought mine at Walmart , for much less money , and for us , it was a great buy . They are now almost a year old and it 's still one of their favorite play things .
 My little man loved this toy . He could easily cruise around the house -LRB- w / his sisters help around the turns -RRB- . His sister even loves to switch it so her brother sits on it and she pushes him around . He is able to hold on tight b/c of the front bar . He loves the music the plays when it hits the wall or the table . Very Easy & fast to put together . I have n't has any complaints yet .
 This toy definitely helped my son to walk . When we first go it , he just to love to watch the balls go through it and hit it to make it play music . Then when he started to walk , we had to hold the top to keep it from going too fast but in no time my son was walking around on his own . After that he loved to ride it , backwards mainly .
 My son got this toy for Christmas . He was n't even crawling yet but loved to put the balls in the basket to make the music start . Once he started pulling up it was a great walking toy . He loves to dance to the music now . It is a little difficult to change from the walking to riding position but my son is n't that interested in riding right now .
 My son got this as a gift when he was 8 months . He immediately figured out how to put the balls in the basket . I do wish they came out the front , because he does n't see where they went , so we always have to give them back to him . He is also figuring out to push the nose for music , and he loves riding on it while we wheel him around . I do n't think it will work very well as a walker , though - it seems restricting for his legs . Also , it 's kind of complicated -LRB- for me anyway ! -RRB- to switch it from a rider to a walker , so I think we 'll just keep it as a rider and get a different walker . I really love the size of the balls - they are perfect for his little hands , and he likes to throw them to us like a baseball .
 My little girl got this toy for her first christmas and she was nine months old . She first learned to walk around the room with it . She would hold on and just fly across the room practically . My daughter now a year later still plays with it using it to sit on and push herself around with her feet . She drags it out into our hallway when I 'm doing laundry and goes up and down the hallway with it . I have turned the music part off now because it does get annoying after a year of hearing it constintatly -LRB- sp ? -RRB- but she has n't even noticed . The music comes on whenever it is moved . She also never played with the balls too much , and has misplaced them in places here and there , but other little things fit through the little holes when she wants . She usually puts here babydolls , phones , or sippy cups in her basket for the ride . I 'm really surprised this toy has outlasted in favorites for her , great toy . Did not buy at target though .
 My son received this toy for his first birthday and loves pushing it around all day . The face on the front and the balls to go in it do n't interest him at all . But we had to send ours back to Fisher Price last week because when you convert it to ride on it the latch wo n't hold the legs together if he moves it more than two feet ! He kept falling through the legs and I was afraid he 'd get hurt so I called FP and sent it back . After a big long inspection over the phone , I was told that it sounded like it was put together wrong -LRB- even though it 's assembled at the factory ! -RRB- because a code number was on the opposite side from where it should be . So beware of latching the legs closed if your walker has the code number under the left rear wheel . It 's supposed to be on the right wheel . I 'm supposed to get a new one but now it 's on backorder until January . What a hassle !
 My daughter -LRB- now 21 months -RRB- got this toy for Christmas last year , and it has been a toy she 's played with nearly every day . We leave it inside for her so on rainy days she can ride it inside . She used it as a walker while learning to walk - my only complaint with it as a walker is that it can sometimes get away from the child as it starts rolling too fast . However , she still loves riding on it - and still gets a big grin when she presses the nose and hears the music . Overall I would recommend this toy .
 This is a great toy that helped my daughter take her first running steps . I was however a little disappointed as I thought the music would play with just moving the walker forward to give her incentive to keep going , but actually the music only plays with a hard bump or touching the face on the front .
 My daughter -LRB- now 19 months -RRB- got this toy for Christmas last year and it has been the single toy that has kept her attention through all the phases of her development . She plays with it every day , and now whizzes around the house on it on a daily basis . The only negative thing I have to say about it is that when used as a walker , it can get away from the child when they are first learning to walk and are putting all their weight into it . We have hardwood floors , and although my daughter never had an accident , I was always worried that it would begin moving too fast for her . Nonetheless , I have nothing but praise for this and would recommend it to anyone .
 We got this for my 8 1/2 mo old son after returning the Fisher Price Activity walker which was too lightweight and just toppled over on him . The Stride-to-Ride Walker is Awesome ! He just took off and LOVES it ! He constantly crawls over to it and pulls himself up onto it and starts to walk . The wide wheels make it very sturdy . He has n't yet played with the basket much , because he is having too much fun walking . He cruises down the hall with a huge smile on his face . This was a Great investment and I would buy it for my friends . A + Fisher Price ! :O -RRB- My son says thanks !
 When my son was eight months old he began taking steps with us holding on to him . By eight and a half months , he wanted to walk everywhere -LRB- he skipped the crawling phase -RRB- and I began looking for a toy that would enable him to walk without breaking our backs -LRB- or our budget -RRB- . When I was at TRU buying formula , I noticed the display of this walker/rider . I love toys with more than one function , so I figured I would try it.The music can be a bit overwhelming at first , but if you already own a Playzone toy it barely fazes you or your child . When I set it up as a walker and put my son behind it he seemed to get the hang of it right away . Unfortunately , the toy took off much faster than he could . So I converted it into a rider and used it to push him around the house in.Disappointed that it could n't be used as a walker , I read the online reviews to see if anyone else had a similar problem . Thank you to the one who thought of the Velcro ! We have hardwood floors , but the Velcro suggestion put me in the right direction . I went to a hardware store and purchased some inexpensive rubber strips , which I put on the wheels . Now my son pushes this all over the house with no problems.Some reviewers have claimed that it is difficult to convert between walker and rider . I do not think of this as a negative aspect of the toy . I would not want it to easily open into a walker because that would be dangerous to the rider and vice versa . When we did want to convert the toy , I just pushed the red button and slid the to pieces together and locked it underneath . No tools required here!We definitely recommend this fun and functional toy !
 I bought this for my 13 month old foster daughter ... we were told to get her something that would help her learn to walk . After browsing throughout ToysRUs , I decided on this walker ... it looked like it would be really fun for her . For a month or so , she did n't want to have anything to do with it , but now , 4 months later , you ca n't keep her away from it ! She loves hitting the nose and making the music play -LRB- over and over again LOL -RRB- , and she 's figured out that the balls come out the back , and she 'll spend 30 minutes to an hour playing with this ! The only problem we 've ever had with it was the fact that it has no brakes , so we had to keep it on the carpet if we wanted her to learn to walk . Now that she 's walking , she 'll take this anywhere , on carpet , tile , or hardwood . For the price , this is definitely worth it !
 Great toy , but as others have noted , a little fast for beginners.My son loves the music and playing with the basket & balls . The wheels make for this toy are really stable , but watch out , while in motion it moves !! You may have to slow down for beginners , but it was great once my son got the hang of it .
 We bought this for our son when he was 10 months old . His face light up when I hit it and the music and lights started up . He 's not good at putting the balls in the basket , but he has figured out that just by hitting it or pushing it against a wall or something , that the music will start . Even the very first time that we gave it to him , he grabed the haddle bar and tried to walk . He kept falling to his knees , but he thought it was a blast . Now he can control his pushing speed a little bit more , and his feet can keep up with it . He also loves to be pushed around by his Dad when it is converted into a ride-on . Or , he just bounces on it himself , which he loves . This was WELL worth the cheap price . Buy it now !!
 We have just purchased this the stride-to-ride for our one year old daughter and she loves it . The problem we have had is that the clip under the seat that holds the two walker legs together to form the seat jiggles out of it 's correct position and the seat therefore disapears out from under her . She is not strong enough to use the stride-to-ride as a walker yet so we only want the ride-on ability at the moment . Bit dissapointing in an otherwise very fun toy . We are taking it back to where we purchased it to see if they have had this problem showing-up before .
 I have afriend who has the play zone activity centre and because it was so good I thought I would try the walker/strider , and because it would last my daughter longer due to it converting to a strider.I read up on it in a catolgue and it said `` starts by steading first steps '' I thought great , wnet the shop brought one and it said the same on the box.How on earth can it steady first steps when there is nothing to help slow the wheels down?I will say though that I had not even got it out of the box and my 8 1/2 mth daughter was all over it .
 I got this for my son at 8 months old . He loves the lights and the music , he alson loves playing with the balls , but the wheels are easy to roll so my son can not walk with it . He just plays with its face . Now that he has just turned 1 and walks well he does not like to sit on it either .
 my son got this toy for christmas and was too young for it , but i brought it out when he was 6 mos old and he absolutely loved it.he plays with the balls and drops them in the basket , and it 's fun for the cat as well because he tries to get the balls out of the tray as well!fun for the whole family.and very durable . it 's banged around a lot and has held up.def worth the money .
 My daughter got this toy when she was 15 months and not walking . She loved it from the start because of the balls and music . Then she advanced to being able to push it around . Once she could walk we put the legs together and she sits on it and goes backwards -LRB- now shes 20 months -RRB- . She still adores the music , and it doesnt even give me a headache ! although the balls have dissapeared . My one complaint about this toy is that the legs do n't stay together very well and it is frustrating for her when it comes apart while shes sitting on it . the locking mechanism just does n't hold properly . So as a ride on I think it has little value , but do n't let that stop you from buying it ! As a push toy and even before its well worth the money .
 My daughter got this as a present at 9 mo. . She was pulling up and we thought this would help her walk faster . She still does n't want to walk , but this toy has been her favorite ever since she first saw it . She loves to ride on it and she dances to the music all day long . I would recommend this toy to anyone ! She will get lots of use out of it .
 My mom got this for our nine-month old after looking at it for a few weeks . We put him on it , and zooooooom ! Off he went ! He 's not quite walking , but pulling up on anything and everything and certainly trying to walk , and this little walker makes it easier ! He loves the balls in it , though he likes to just throw them around while he rides , and he likes making the music play . He 's become VERY good at parallel parking , and he loves to drive up to his toy baskets and start pulling things out . It 's even cuter to see him put some of his stuffed toys in the basket . All in all , we 're very pleased , and so is he !
 My son tried 4 walkers and this was by far the best because it was so stable AND had a button he could push . The only bad thing was that he learned to walk so quickly with it , and since then he has n't been quite so interested -LRB- although he still pushes the button to make the music go -RRB- .
 A friend had this toy for her 10 month old and he loved walking with it so I purchased it for my 8.5 month old to try . . He loves it but ... As a ride on the problem is that it has tipped over with him on it . . As a walker there is no way to slow it down except to physically stop it . . Part of the problem is that our home is mostly tile , on the carpet I feel much safer allowing him to push it himself . . I would say this toy is fun but close parental supervision is needed . . You really have to be right by the child while they are on it . I believe this toy is more for toddlers to ride on / walk with - for ones that have learned balance so they do not tip or fall and hurt themselves .
 I borrowed this toy from my babysitter when her daughter could care less about it and mine wanted to try it . She immediately could hold on and stride with it . It plays music and is sensitive to movement . She loved it and would love to hear the music . Once she started walking we kept it together so she could ride on it . She knows how to turn it on and off and how to make it play . The only downfall to this is that if she was pushing it and ran into something she would keep pushing and it would flip over and she would go down . So you have to keep your eye on them . I would have bought this if I did n't know someone who could let me use it .
 My son began trying to walk when he was 7.5 mos old , and this has been great to encourage his mobility . And at 10 mos he 's still playing with it and using it to help him learn how to walk . He simply LOVES it , everytime he pulls himself up to it he breaks a HUGE grin on his face . He loves to take it outside and walk up and down the sidewalk w/his `` bike '' It 's been great to encourage his mobility .
 THIS IS A GREAT TOY !! ... MY DAUGHTER LOVES TO THROW THE BALLS IN THE BASKET AND THEN RETRIEVE THEM AND DO IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN ... THE MUSIC IF FUN AND IT MAKES HER SMILE ! ... IT GOES A LITTLE FAST AT FIRST WHEN THEY 'RE LEARNING TO WALK , BUT SOON SHE CAUGHT UP AND LOVES PUSHING IT AROUND EVERYWHERE . I ALSO LIKE HOW IT CONVERTS TO A RIDE ON TOY AFTER IT 'S DONE BEING USED AS A WALKER ! ... I RECOMMEND THIS TO EVERYONE !!! IT 'S GREAT !!
 I purchased this toy for our son when he was 9 months old . He initially had difficulty steering it and controlling its speed . The wheels turn too fast on hardwood flooring but go nicely on rugs . The walker is difficult to turn thus resulting in the toy and my son toppling over when he wanted to turn a corner . The hoop and balls kept his attention , but after placing the balls in the hoop it is very difficult to retrieve them from the back if the walker is in `` walk mode . '' This toy is difficult to convert from walk to ride and vice versa because the button sticks and the latch does not securely lock the seat parts together . My son does , however , love the music , lights , and button nose on the face . All in all , I would say , this toy is cute but I do not feel it really assisted my son in mastering any walking skills . If you are looking for a cute toy this is it , if you are looking for functionality this is not the toy for you .
 My son has loved this toy since I bought it when he was eight months old . He is now seventeen months old and still plays with it every day . The only draw back to the walker is it rolls very fast . It would be nice if it had a speed adjustment on it for those just begining to walk . However once he picked up speed it truly saved me a lot of backaches . Another nice feature is how far the legs move apart . Plenty of room for little feet unlike all the other ones I looked at . His legs have just gotten long enough to reach the floor in the riding position . This was without a doubt one of the best things I bought for him . Well worth the purchase price .
 This is a great toy ! Not only did it help my twin babies learn to walk but it also is a lot of fun to ride on as a bike , after they have the walking thing down . I bought one to try it out and then had to go out and get another one it was such a big hit .
 I love this toy ! My son got this for Christmas . He was 9months old . Since the time we opened it he loved it . It gave him the confidence to walk , and he loves the music . The balls he does n't play with cause he 's to busy putting everything else in the basket . -LRB- i.e remote controls , his stuffed animals , his socks -RRB- . I recommend this to everyone ! It 's a great toy for learning how to walk . And yes my son was walking before he was a year old . And today was his 1st bday !!! Great product !!
 When my son was eight months old he began taking steps with us holding on to him . By eight and a half months , he wanted to walk everywhere -LRB- he skipped the crawling phase -RRB- and I began looking for a toy that would enable him to walk without breaking our backs -LRB- or our budget -RRB- . When I was at TRU buying formula , I noticed the display of this walker/rider . I love toys with more than one function , so I figured I would try it.The music can be a bit overwhelming at first , but if you already own a Playzone toy it barely fazes you or your child . When I set it up as a walker and put my son behind it he seemed to get the hang of it right away . Unfortunately , the toy took off much faster than he could . So I converted it into a rider and used it to push him around the house in.Disappointed that it could n't be used as a walker , I read the online reviews to see if anyone else had a similar problem . Thank you to the one who thought of the Velcro ! We have hardwood floors , but the Velcro suggestion put me in the right direction . I went to a hardware store and purchased some inexpensive rubber strips , which I put on the wheels . Now my son pushes this all over the house with no problems.We definitely recommend this fun and functional toy !
 We just got two of these for our 11 month old twins . They were a touch freaked out at first with the sounds , but quickly it became their absolute favorite thing to play with . We got them on it by putting it in the `` ride '' position and putting their feet in the ball chutes . They LOVED being pushed around the house like that . Then , once they were used to it , we separated the seat and now they are taking some steps ! They have been cruising furniture for a couple of months now , but they really love being able to go out in the open area of the family room . :-RRB- They also actually go around on their knees with it quite a bit - I do n't know if that 's helping developmentally or not , but it keeps the toy fun when they get frustrated by trying to actually walk with it , since they 're not really steady on their feet at this point.I will say that they seem to show little interest in putting the balls in the basket on the front -LRB- other things , however , seem destined to go in ... -RRB- However , we also have the Crawl 'n Cruise Playground from the same line , and the balls are compatible with it.They love to press the nose on the front and bop to the music.I think the strongest recommendation I can make is that I 'm truly happy that we have two of these - one would NOT be enough for twins , because they 'd fight over it constantly .
 I really like the colors in the toy . They are fun to look at . The music is great too although it frightens my 8 month old son . He 's been using this toy since he was 7 months old . It was hard for him at first because there is no tension keeping it from moving . I had to stand in front of it to keep it from moving so fast . Now he does it with ease . It seems to work better for beginners on the carpet . Then once they get the hang of it they can move it onto the hardwood floors . I love the idea of the balls . My son loves to play with them . What kid does n't . He does n't use the basket quiet yet but I know in time he will . I also like that it turns into a riding toy . A two for one deal .
 I was initially very excited to receive this `` toy '' as a gift for my son . His grandparents purchased this when my son was about ten months old , hoping it would encourage him to start walking . My son seemed to have a hard time using this toy as a walker while he was starting out and still somewhat off balance . The problem we encountered was that when using this toy in the walker mode , there is no way to control the speed in which to toy moves away from the child . When my son would hold onto the top and try to pull himself up , the toy would roll away before he could get his balance , thus making him fall back down . Also , there did not seem to be enough room within the `` V '' formed by the two back pieces -LRB- where the child is supposed to stand -RRB- for my son to be comfortable . Basically , he was quickly discouraged with this toy as a walker and would not play with it . We ended up purchasing a more basic walker -LRB- Fisher Price Activity Walker - also at Toys R Us and discounted at the time but since then no longer in stock -RRB- that he was able to use with much more success.That being said , now that he is able to walk without assistance , we have converted this toy to the ride on mode and he goes back to it time and again to sit on . He has not yet figured out how to make it move forward by pushing with his feet -LRB- he just pushes backwards -RRB- but he plays with it atleast once a day . He does not have problems climbing on the toy and really gets a kick out of the music feature . He 's figured out how to activate the music by pressing the nose on the face , however we have not gotten much use out of the balls and basket feature.All in all , this is a good toy but had we not received this as a gift , it would not have been worth the money .
 My son is a year old , and has been using this since Christmas . He LOVES it ... BUT ... . he has , SEVERAL times , tipped it over on top of himself . If he leans too far forward , it falls forward and he goes over the front , face first into the floor . He has also pulled it over himself when he looses balance and falls backwards . He has also tipped it over on the side . I am always right behind him when he plays with this toy ... he really does love it . I only wish they could design it so it 's longer and wider in front ... perhaps it would n't tip over so easily . He has gotten several bumps and bruises from it , and I 've just put it away ... it 's just too dangerous , in my opinion , to let him use it .
 Well , just good in general . It wasnt the most expensive walker/ride-on in the store , but it made our 11 month old neice very happy . Although Im not sure it would be ideal to learn to walk - as it does roll quickly if she leans on it - but luckily she already knew how to walk before we gave it to her for Christmas . Now she is having fun almost running ! Her little legs are a bit too short to ride on it herself , but she likes to ride on it and have us push her . She stands next to it and holds onto the handle and dances with the music - it is SO cute . Anytime she starts to walk ... or puts a ball through the basket , the music turns on - she likes this `` control '' factor . The music doesnt last too annoyingly long either , which is good . But is easy to turn on again by just moving it - or like I said putting a ball through the basket . The balls in the basket arent something she really grasps just yet , we usually do it for her . And she takes the balls and throws them across the room - so that is a downside - that you will probably lose the balls within a matter of time.But what can you expect , attached balls?So , after it takes a few moments to master how to turn it from a walker to a ride-on - you should make sure it clicks when you open or close the seat - you want it to be secure , and it 's a little tough to open again from a ride on to a walker , kind of like opening a child proof pill jar , sometimes it 's adult proof , but you 'll get the hang of it in a few minutes and it does the job ! My 4-year-old neice was even stealing it from her sister using it as a `` cart '' to hold her barbies . So it 's totally worth it if you 're looking for this sort of 2-in-1 deal .
 I received this as a gift for my 1yr . old son , who a couple months ago was trying to walk . We put it together within the hour & he was loving it !! He loved the balls , music & that fact that he could walk around either sitting on it , or pushing it . I 'm not lying when I say that within a week and a half , he was walking around . He loves this toy !!!
 I bought this for my daughter when she was in the cruising stage . Unfortunatley , when she would `` walk '' behind it while holding on ... the toy would zoom across the floor pulling her with it . And that was on the carpet!Now that she 's walking , she enjoys playing with the balls and uses it to ride and climb on.What we like about this toy is the fact that the music can be turned off .
 Grandma bought this toy for my 10 mon old . At first she would put the balls in and was not able to find them . After some help from us she now finds them on the sides . She also enjoys putting things into basket other than the balls . She did get her hand stuck in on of the holes once when we first got it has n't happended since . We have had the toy for 3 mon now . She is more comfortable pushing it rather than sitting on it . She can press the nose to start music and dances . Keeps her busy for an hour or so which helps alot . She is a very busy baby !
 My son started to play with this at about 6 months old , he 's now 14 months old and still loves it . The music is very upbeat . The only problem I had , was to change it from the riding to walking position .
 When I heard about this product , I ran out to get it for our daughter . She was not yet walking and I thought it would encourage her and make her more independent . It is very durable and allows for your child to grab the handle from the seated position , stand up , and not pull the whole walker over . It does not tip and turn and allows for smooth walking . My daughter 's fav part , however , is the music it plays and the sound/motion activated feature . She dances every time she hears the music ! Needless to say , a few weeks after getting this product , my daughter was walking . Now , we brought the two legs of it together to form the scooter . She loves driving around the house ! I truly recommend this product !
 I bought this for my little grandson for Christmas . He loved sitting on it and being pushed . He is now 9 months old and walking behind it . The wheels are slick and it gets away from him . However , my daughter bought velcro for the wheels and now he can go anywhere . He loves it !!
 This toy is great ! It 's sturdy , it 's bright , the music is n't too annoying -LRB- there 's two volume levels and on/off switch -RRB- , and best of all the kids love it ! Our one year old -LRB- who be bought it for -RRB- loves to push the clown 's nose and make the music play.We did have some trouble changing the toy from the riding mode back to the walker mode , because the instructions skip one of the steps - pushing a button on the top - but , this was n't a big deal as we figured it out on our own . We ended just leaving it in the riding mode , since that 's what the kids liked best.This is a great toy - you wo n't be disappointed - it 's as fun as it looks !
 At first , I thought I 'd made a mistake getting this toy . It 's a little light weight and can get out from underneath them pretty fast . BUT that was the first day ! The next day he was alot more confident and had figured out how to balance himself right , so he walked all over with it . He loves the lights and the music , and wanted to just eat the balls at first . I had gotten this for him for Christmas , but decided to give it to him early . I 'm glad I did . I wish you could see his face when he 's walking . He 's so proud
 This is my daughters favorite toy . We call it the rascal . When we first got it , she had problems with turning , never a problem with pushing it or falling . It took no time at all for her to manuever it . She is all over the house with it , sticking things in the front . She pulls and pushes it all over . She loves the sound it makes when she bumps into things . -LRB- the music comes on with motion -RRB- She laughs and giggles whenever she is playing with it . We got it for her at around 9 months , she is now 14 months and still plays with it . This is hours of fun for her ! Worth the money !
 This toy is great . We bought this for our nine month old for christmas . Since she is now cruising along furniture we decided to give it to her early - and are we glad . She just absolutely loves it . She pushes this toy all over the place . She wore her little self out . The hoop feature is also a hit with my three year old . My only concern is that it may tip over depending how it 's pushed , but my kids love it . I still think it 's a great toy !!
 My son is 11 months old and absolutely loves this toy . I had purchased another walker and it tipped forward a few times injuring my son . I returned it immediately and bought this product instead . For just a few dollars more I got a much better product . It is sturdy and stable and he loves the music and balls and just plain pushing it around all over our apartment !! I highly recommend it !
 My son was 1 year old when this toy was bought for him . He loves the lights and music , but a few times , he put the balls in the basket and when they did n't come out on the other side , he put his hand in all the way to his elbow and got it stuck . We had to pry his hand out . Not only that , because of it 's light weight , he has begun to push it and it falls forward and then he falls on top of it . The idea of the toy was brilliant , but the manufacturing needs to be reconsidered .
 I first bought this toy to help my son learn to walk . I did n't want to buy a walker because their to dangerous . He LOVED it . It plays music and lights up . He would walk up to it and push the nose to hear the music play . Now that he 's a little bigger we keep the seat together so he can ride it . He still LOVES it.The only thing that can be annoying with this toy is that the music goes off constantly . If he 's playing in his room and I walk by , the vibration from me walking can set it off . So if you keep it in your childs room at night shut it off .
 My daughter loved this toy . It was n't used much as a walker , it was kind of difficult for her to walk behind it . Now that she is walking she does like to sit on it and ride on it . She enjoyed the balls and music before she was walking and it was like a transition for her from the kick toy with same balls for younger infants that she used . The familiarity was also good for her going from one to the other .
 I bought this toy for my son when he was about 9 months old . I thought it would help him start walking since he had already started pulling himself up and cruising . At first he just loved to put the balls in the basket and quickly figured out where the balls came out . Then once he got the hang of walking with it I could n't stop him . He would run around the house with it . He 's 13 months old now and can walk on his own but he still loves to walk with it and put the balls in the basket . I really think that this toy helped him gain his balance and steered him to walking on his own . Now , I 'm trying to show him that he can sit and ride it but he still wants to walk with it .
 My daughter is 10 months old and has been cruising for months now . We were at a friend 's house , and let 's just say we ended up leaving with the toy . We 've only had it a few days , but she 's wearing tracks in the carpet and putting my back to the test -LRB- she 's good in a straight line , but has yet to learn turns -RRB- . She will even hold on and dance to the music , which , as someone else pointed out is very easy to turn on - you barely touch it and it sings . Hey , whatever makes her happy!A new must-have in this house .
 My husband bought this toy for our 9 month old son while on a Daddy/Baby shopping trip . The first day he was inthralled by the balls , lights , and the music . The very next day he was pulling himself up on it and walking ! Now , a month later , he still goes for the walker first thing and is all over the house ! He is almost able to walk on his own . This toy really helped with his development already and I am sure we will get much more use out of it !
 I bought this for my son when he was about 7 months old and just learning to stand up . At first we had to keep a hand on the toy to keep it from rolling away but before long he was walking along with no trouble . My husband and I believe this toy helped our son learn to walk and become independent . He is now 2.5 years and he still loves it . Its a great toy for outside riding , walking , and as my son does ... ride it down the drive way . My husband hates the music but I do n't mind it . It can get repeative but its easily turned off . Assembly was easy and if given the chance i 'd buy this toy all over again . I think its far above similar models from other brands .
 I thought this was a great toy for my daughter , who is now 20 months and still plays with it . I originally got it for her when she was 9 months and it helped her walk . She enjoyed playing with the balls and dancing to the music . The music can tend to be loud and overwhelming , but can be turned off if necessary . She now loves to sit on it and ride it around the house . She still enjoys putting the balls in the basket and finding them in the back . I would definitely recommend this toy .
 I just got this for my 9 month old daughter . Though I had read many great reviews , I still worried because nothing seems to keep her interest . She loves this walker ! She just zooms around everywhere . Great buy !!!
 I LOVE THIS TOY _ ITS GREAT !!! IT REALLY HELPED MY DAUGHTER LEARN TO WALK-SHE STARTED WALKING AT 10MONTHS AND IM GUESSING BEACUSE OF THIS - SHE LOVED IT = AND ACTAULLY STILL DOES - SHES 2 NOW -
 This was a birthday gift for my 11m old , and she got it early because she 's trying to walk all over the place ! It 's PERFECT !! The first time , she grabbed it and took right off !! I love the fact it will convert later and make it more worth it for the money . It had a great price and it 's so easy to put together and clean ! The only thing is , at first she had trouble pulling to stand cause it would just roll away , but she 's figured out how to pull up on the side and walk to the front in just two days ! It 's very sturdy and does n't hurt the walls or annoying siblings who get in her way ! The music and lights make her dance and her 3yr old sister too ! Her 4yr old brother is teaching her how to use the basketball hoop ! She also likes to take her teddy for rides in the basket . Geez , I love Fisher Price !! What a great toy ! Well worth the money ! It 's nice & Light enough to take to Grammy 's too . When she learns to turn it around herself I 'll be all set ! Whenever she runs into a wall , she yells so I can come turn her so she can take off again , but still better than breaking my back holding those widdle fingers !
 My son received this for a gift when he was 11 months old . My husband and I are n't too thrilled with all the plastic toys and probably would n't have purchase it ourselves . With that said , its a toy my son loves and that is what counts . We used to push him around the house as a ride on with the music on and he would get all excited . Once the weather warmed up outside , our son loved to walk around -LRB- as the walker -RRB- the driveway/sidewalk with it . He is now 17 months old and loves playing with it EVERY time he goes outside . He loves to run with it . It is so cute to watch him dance to the music . Overall I would say it 's a great toy .
 My daughter loves this toy . It is much more sturdy than some other walking toys , but she mostly loves riding it like a bike and playing with the basketball hoop . Thank goodness there are two volumes , the music gets really old . But she loves it ! The only difficulty I 've had is sometimes it is hard to close the legs back together - the little button is very tiny and gets stuck . I have broken multiple fingernails . Overall , I highly recommend this as a great toy for many age groups .
 My son used this to learn to walk . He hated the other older fashioned walkers . He loves the colors and the music it makes . He is still using it as a ride on toy . Very Versatile and wonderful toy . I ca n't say enough good things about it . This toy is highly reccomended . Wonderful toy by Fisher Price .
 We bought this for Andrew when he was 9mths , now 11mths . He absolutley loves it ! He will walk back and forth to Mommy and Daddy ... he even rides it -LRB- with a little push -RRB- ! Andrew loves the hoop and balls ! Yeah he knows where the balls come out but he is so interested in the fact you put the ball in here and it comes out there , wow!I have no complaints with the Stride-to-Ride . The music is great , the design is great , and most importantly baby thinks its great !
 I PURCHASED THIS TOY FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTER AND SHE JUST LOVED IT . THE TOY WAS SOMETHING TO HOLD ON TO WHILE SHE LEARNED TO WALK . THE BALLS ARE NOT THAT INTERESTING , BUT THE MUSIC AND THAT CUTE LITTLE FACE ON THE FRONT MAKE UP FOR IT . I THINK IT IS A VERY HELPFUL FUN TOY TO WALK BEHIND OR RIDE .
 My daughter got this toy last CHRISTMAS when she was 6 months and she got on it and wanted to play with it immediately . It does flip over easily when she is on it but overall she really likes it ! She is now almost 2 years old and loves to be push around the house on it ! I would recommend for any child it help her learn to walk just be careful and watch your kids.hope this will help.Mother of 2 great kids in Michigan .
 The Fisher-Price Stride to Ride Walker is a great little toy . My son got it for christmas last year when he was 9 months old , he loves it today as much as he did last christmas . He 's been walking for a long time now but he still loves to walk behind it and dance to the music at 18 months old . When we put the back legs together he sits on it and pushes himself with his feet . We also tied a rope around the blue area in the front where the balls come out and we pull him around . He loves it .
 I bought this item for my child when he started crawling pulling up , and cruising . My husband and I could tell our son was getting frustrated by just walking along surfaces . My son immediately took to this toy , and I believe it helped him find his center of gravity to help him walk sooner than he would have without the toys . Now that my son is walking , he still loves to push this toy around and carry other toys in the basket . He wants to ride the toy now , but his legs are not long enough yet . Once his legs are long enough , I 'm sure he will continue to enjoy it as a brand new toy !
 My 9mth old wants to go , but is not quite ready to take steps on his own . Now he loves the fact that he can go without assistance . The only drawback is that it does n't turn as good as I had hoped . The rear wheels turn a little -LRB- which probably makes the toy more stable -RRB- but not enough for him to maneuver around furniture.I am hoping that as he gains a little more strength he will be able to `` drive '' it better.It was well worth the -LSB- money -RSB-
 I was really wanting the sing along puppy . I looked at every possible store , but it is only available online . So I got the Baby PlayZone . My nine month old daughter loves the sun face , the sounds and the balls . I love it , it is low enough , her short legs can reach the floor so she can push it . The only complaint is I needed something a little harder to push . When she pushed it for the first time , she almost fell face forward . Overall I think it is great toy !
 Hi I 'm a mom of of a walking 12 month old and this toy was given to my daughter as a gift . I have one problem with this toy , My husband and I find that it rolls too fast on wooden floors and my daughter has fallen backwards with this toy pinned on top of her legs . This toy would be awesome if there were some kind of mechanism which prevents this toy from rolling fast , forwards and backwards ! It should not roll so easily . espcialy if a child uses it to pull him or herslef up or if they are starting to walk .
 We had the Fischer-Price Gobble 'N Go Hippo . It was OK . This is SO much better . The construction is more substantial . Large steering wheel style handle more ergonomic for baby . The large wheels roll smoothly on most surfaces and it changes to a great ride-on with little effort . My child loves the music and loves the plastic balls that come accompany the basketball hoop on the front the walker . My one warning
 We received this as a gift for my son . It was acutally his second one and we worried it might be too big . We quickly realized his other walker had problems that this particular model addressed.So far , he loves this walker . He 's almost a year old now and he runs all over the house -LRB- and dogs -RRB- with it . The basket on the front , with it 's lights and sounds , is interesting to him , but with all his other toys that have lights and sounds , this one is a little useless.The best things about this walker are its stability , thanks to the wide wheels in the back . This wheel configuration also allows him a longer stride length that his other walker did n't have . He can fairly run with this one , whereas his other one was constantly getting in the way.So , great little walker . Might be hard to turn for smaller children because of its weight and length . But for boys and bigger babies , it 's a great walker .
 Got this for my newly walking 10 mth old at xmas , and she was crazy about it immediately ! Yes , it can take off fast , she banged her chin once or twice , but I try to supervise her , steadying the toy for her to get positioned . She loves the balls and net , spend time looking for other toys to toss in there -LRB- for mommy to pry out , lol -RRB- I would have to agree with other reviewers , this walker is best on thick carpet , slows it down a bit . Yes its hard for her to turn , but she 's already figured out how to get it turned around after a few trys.While my poor beleagured dogs would disagree -LRB- lol :-RRB- -RRB- I recommend this toy , the baby loves it and is now a sure and steady walker thanks in part to this toy .
 Be very careful when introducing your little one to this toy . The wheels move quite quickly , and since beginning walkers tend to lean all of their weight onto a device for support , it is very easy for the toy to just `` go '' and slip out from under them . Also , make sure to use this toy on carpet . If your home has tile , wood , or marble floors , they will not provide enough traction and the wheels will go too fast .
 I bought this for my twins when they were about 9 months old . They absolutely loved this walker ! The music starts when moved as an incentive for the baby to get up and get going . After my girls learned to walk well , we pushed the legs together and it makes a ride-on toy . It 's a little unstable this way so make sure your toddler wo n't hurt herself/himself if it tips over . The only other drawback is that the batteries drain very quickly . If I remember correctly we were changing batteries every couple of weeks .
 My in-laws got this toy for my son for Christmas . This was around the time he was starting to learn to walk . I believe it helped to make his legs more steady and gave him more confidence . He really enjoyed running all over to pick up all the bright colorful balls he had thrown all over the floor . My only complaint was that he was able to lose all of those little balls in about 3 days . So , if you 're a freak like me and hate to find that you have pieces missing , then this is not the toy to buy ... or get over it . My toddler loses everything , especially shoes , if only I can get about a milion of those key finder beeping things and attach them to everything he owns , then maybe I would n't be so crazy .
 My baby loves this walker ! We bought it for her right after she turned 10 months and was trying to take a few steps . She had a hard time standing up with it at first , because it would roll away from her and her balance was n't very good . I just put my foot in front of it to hold it it still and she learned to pull herself up on her own by the end of the day.It took her a couple of days to learn how to control the speed , but she learned and it improved her balance and her control . She started walking on her own within a couple of weeks after we bought this walker and we contribute it to the many hours that she spent playing with this toy every day.She loves to walk with it and hear the music . She likes to touch the nose to turn the music on . She played with the balls some , but mostly uses the basket to put in her favorite toys to take with her.She is 13 months now and never learned to turn it , but learned wihtin a month to walk to the front of it and push it backwards . She still plays with it and it is very sturdy . Well worth the money .
 I bought this for my neice for her first birthday . She loves it !! It plays great music and really motivates her to walk . She had another walker that went way to fast and she would end up on her knees . This walker is great because the sides go out to an angle and when she walks and her legs start to go further apart the sides stops her from falling and she then straightens them out !!!! Also I love how this one has big wheels . It seems to keep it from going too fast . I would highly recommend !!!!!
 I bought this toy for my daughter when she was about 10 months old . She is now 19 months old and still rides it around the house . It 's very durable but once they learn to put the ball in the hoop and it comes out down the back the fun really isnt there much more . She plays the music sometimes now but you have to shut it off to get it to quit . Any little thing will set off the music . It 's enjoyable at first but wears on you after 10 or so minutes . The duration the toy is used for is definetley worth the money .
 I bought it with the hopes that it would help my 9 mth . old develop his walking skills . Well , it does move a little too fast for him and it makes me awfully nervous . But , he just loves playing with the little face on this toy and pushing the nose to make the play music , he also loves `` playing basketball '' with it , and sitting on it and `` driving '' while mommy or daddy push him around . This is a great toy ! I know he 's got something to grow into , once his walking skills get a bit better .
 Today I saw my Great Niece and she had gotten one of these walkers . She is 8 mos . old and it is so versatile it entertained her for a long time and she is almost walking because of it . Not to mention it is a riding toy too . I am getting one for my grandson . He will be one soon . I would highly recommend this walker .
 My husband and I bought this for our daughter when she was around 9 months old . In the beginning it was a little difficult to get started because when she would try to pull up on it the scooter would roll away . Since she has gotten better control she absolutely LOVES it . She does n't use the front to put the little balls in but she does carry around everything else in it from blocks to books . She is almost 14 months now and a pretty good walker and she uses this everyday for most of the day . Great overall toy for the price !
 honestly , I thought this was awful as a walker . with hardwood floors , this moves much too fast to be stable . as a ride on , however , it is two thumbs way up . My 2 year old is unusually big and tall , but he has loved this so much as a little ride on scooter . it plays a very cute little tune and is quite durable . we have had it nearly two years and have only replaced the batteries once . a great buy as a ride on .
 At about 10 months when my boy/girl twins starting showing signs of walking , we purchased this toy . They love it . My son was more interested in putting the balls in the front at first . Now they are 1 and they walk all over the house with it . You do have to walk along with them because it tends to roll faster than the child can walk . I like that the `` legs '' open far apart so they wo n't trip on them while in motion . Overall , I would buy this toy over again .
 My husband bought this for our daughter who was about 12 mos at the time . She would use it to help pull herself up and I really think it motivated her to want to walk . The noises it makes are silly , they make me laugh ! Our daughter likes to dance to the music and push this around the house . She has since started to `` ride '' it now , but will only go backwards . I think this is a super toy for kids learning how to walk .
 My daughter was about 5 months old when she got this and she is now 15 months and still plays with this every single day . No toy has ever kept her attention as much as this has . The nose on the front of the walker plays 2 different tunes when pressed and you would think that would get boring , but not for my baby . She loves to put the balls in the basket in the front and when she figured out they came out back that was a real treat for her ! Now she sits on the back with the bars together and rides herself around the house . I like that it goes from a walker to a rider . It provides extra long use for the toy ! She has also started using it to stand up on like a balance beam , which is pretty scary but she does really well holding on to the front part where the hand bar runs across the top . Just be careful leaving it near the couch or anything like that because it did n't take my daughter long to figure out she can use the ride on the climb up onto the couch .
 We tried other walkers and they were stunningly unsafe and front heavy . A baby 's first push would send the walker and the baby tumbling forward . Although this walker * can * fall forward -LRB- and backward -RRB- it does n't happen easily and tends to happen slowly.Our son was leaning on and pushing around the dining room chairs at 9 mos . as he learned to walk . After he got this he was walking comfortably with it immediately and comfortably without it in just days . Besides being more stable than other walkers , the flared struts prevent stubbed toes as he whisks too close to walls and furniture.Now , having been walking for a few months he still uses it just to cruise around . His legs are still too short to exploit its `` scooter '' configuration . The balls and basket are irrelevant . He was never interested in them and will occasionally put some toy in the basket as he moves but it 's really not necessary.My strong recommendation for this toy is based on
 My daughter has loved this toy since the day she got it . She got it for Christmas when she was almost 11 months old . She was already walking , but not steadily . This toy gave her confidence and she loves the silly face and fun music . She also loves when we convert it to a ride on toy and push her around . Now that she is 1 she loves to put things in the basket and truck around the house . she also loves to push the nose and just dance to the music . The motion sensor on this toy is real sensitive so it does n't have to be banged to play . My daughter just has to walk up to it and it will play . Also , it is n't so loud that is can be mind numbing and the beat is kinda catchy . My neice who is almost two recieved this on her first birthday and used it for a walker until recently . She still uses it to push around , but now she really loves to sit on it and scott around . This is really a useful toy and really fun . My daughter does n't really care about the balls that come with it she uses the basket more to push around other toys and her stuffed animal . She also loves the ram into things with it and since it is lightweight it does n't hurt anything . Another good point is that it has all rounded edges so when she biffs she does n't seem to get hurt . she just gets up , rights the walker , and keeps on movin ' . This toy is sturdy and easy for my daughter to move around . I find that it does n't get away from her like other walking toys did . I think the width of the toy and the wide wheels help to keep the toy moving at a good pace . If you want your child to use a walker to help him/her get used to her feet and have fun doing it , this is the toy , plus it is convertible and will last beyond a year . It is very affordable and worth every penny .
 MY DAUGHTER WAS 9 MONTHS WHEN WE PURCHASED THIS TOY FOR HER . SHE ENJOYS THE MUSIC IT PLAYS AND LOVES DANCING TO IT . SHE ALSO REALLY ENJOYS WATCHING THE BALLS GO DOWN THROUGH THE `` HOOP '' . THE ONLY DRAW BACK IS THAT IT MOVES TOO FAST FOR A BEGINNER WALKER . I HAVE TO STAND BEHIND HER TO PUT SOME TENSION ON IT SO IT WILL NOT GET AWAY FROM HER . SHE DOES LOVE IT THOUGH AND HAS BEEN WALKING A LOT MORE SINCE WE PURCHASED THIS RIDE-ON FOR HER . IT WOULD BE REALLY HELPFUL IF THEY HAD PARKING BRAKES SO I COULD KEEP IT OUT IN THE FAMILYROOM FOR HER AND SHE COULD PLAY WITH THE BALLS , MUSIC AND STAND BEHIND IT WITHOUT MY DIRECT SUPERVISION .
 I have to say that I love this walker . The true judge is my son . He loves to play with the balls and he knows how to drop the balls in the basket . It 's great to teach your child cause and effect . Once the ball gets dropped into the basket , it rolls into the tray below . My son quickly learned where the balls ended up and was able to pick it up and drop it back into the basket ! He also loves the music . What I love about this toy is the fact that it 's helping him learn to walk . When he started standing on his own , this toy was great as it assisted him in just standing . And now that he 's getting more confident , he 's practically running with this thing ! And you should see the look of happiness he has on his face as he 's zooming along . The walker also converts into a ride toy once he 's older . I definitely recommend this walker.NOTE
 I purchased this for my nine month old son about a month ago and he is yet to get bored . . unlike most of his toys.He loves the catchy-tunes and the walker is durable enough for both outdoor and indoor use.My only advise is wait until your child is steady on thier feet and confident enough to let go of the couch!This toys wheels are fast and a child with less confidence could quickly lose balance and crash to the floor . But with the right amount of confidence this toy is great and gives your child the independece they desire ... until they can walk unassisted ! And get ready to be picking up the balls all day long !
 The baby playzone stride-to-ride walker is a multiple-activity toy designed to help babies learn to walk . There is an electronic musical `` reward '' tune played every time your child moves it or puts a ball into the basket at the front . IMHO , the tune is less annoying than most , but it activates more easily than a motion-sensitive car alarm . The good news is that this feature can be turned off.After the child has presumably learned to walk , you can close the back two wheels together to form a sort of sit-down scooter.My 13 month old just rediscovered this toy and is currently having a blast scooting backwards and forward , turning this way and that all around the house . I believe this walker/scooter has helped him pick up the concept of maneuvering a vehicle fairly early . As for walking , well , it has n't helped him very much there , but he had fun playing with the balls and pushing it around before I converted it into a sit down scooter.This is definitely an inside toy , as the somewhat thinner plastic wo n't take a lot of rough-and-tumble abuse like big wheels , for instance it tips easily when my older child `` crashes '' into it on his trike . For that reason you will need to supervise nearby and use it only on carpet and softer flooring .
 I do admit that this is a fun toy , it has a catchy tune , and it is fun for my son to push it 's nose and play with the colorful balls.But this is definitely not a walker specially on hard wood floors , the walker moves faster than my son , and the handles are a bit far away to reach . To close the seat and make it a ride is semi easy , but good luck opening it back up.As a ride on toy , it is also not that good , the wheels only go straight and my son slides of the seat easily .
 This is one of the few toys that my boys play with every day , several times a day . -LRB- the other is the FP Laugh & Learn Home -RRB- My youngest got this as a christmas gift from my parents when he was 8 months old . He started walking about the same time -LRB- yes , he was early ! -RRB- . We never set it up as a walker , we went straight to car mode . -LRB- I think we opened the wings once , but he just sat on one of them ; it did n't beat riding on it as a car . -RRB- This is truly one of the few toys that delights him every time . I also have a 3 year old who covets it , too . He has a Radio Flyer rolling horse , and the 2 of them dash around on their cars all day long . My youngest -LRB- now 1 yr -RRB- learned more quickly than most babies how to push the car with his feet since he had his older brother to show him , but he enjoyed the car just as much before he learned this . He was happy to sit on it , push it around , dance to the music -LRB- which is lively and not annoying -RRB- or be pushed . His older brother will actually climb on the back , holding the little one between his lap and the steering wheel , and ride both of them around the house . I give it a definite thumbs up and would buy it as a gift or recommend it to a friend .
 this toy : is easy to put togetherdurableeasily -LRB- and securely -RRB- claps shut to transition to ride-oncolorfulhas cute musici can not think of anything i dislike about this toy . it even has little area in the front for baby 's feet so you can push them .
 We have had this toy since my 3 year old was a baby . All 6 cousins have played with it , and it 's still kicking . I love how it converts from a `` walker '' to almost like a trike . The lights and sounds are entertaining for everyone in the room , even the adults . The latch is not easy enough for the kids to change it from open to closed , which is almost better so that they do n't pinch themselves . Overall , very sturdy and fun !
 My mother in law bought this for my son at Christmas time , when he was 6 months old , he loved the 3 little balls it came with -LRB- a little small i thought -RRB- so i took them away , but we gave him his roll arounds to play with in the basket and he liked that . The walking part of the toy was great , but as the users said it tends to take off fast , but my son has managed to learn to walk with it perfectly , took him only 3 days . . instead of the running he was doing with it , now he can walk slow and move it through the house -LRB- hes turning 8 months old in a few days -RRB- I would highly reccomend this toy , the little music is cute and can be turned down or shut off , which is a great option , as for the ride on part we rarely use it since only one of his legs can reach the ground when he is on it , but he still loves to hold on and be pushed around the room on it . all in all this is one of his favorite toys , and I 'm sure it will be for a long time to come .
 I bought this toy for my 12 month old daughter who is not yet walking but will be shortly . I thought it would be good for her to have a walker to help her along . But she actually prefers this toy as a rider and she also just loves to sit beside it or on it and push the nose to make the music & lights go or to play with the balls . It amazed me how fast she figured out where to put the balls and where to retrieve them . I never change it to a walker because it really is hard and it really does hurt my fingers . I even badly broke a nail the first time I tried to change it . I just recommend leaving it one way or another and changing it very seldom ! I am fine with it as a rider and she absolutely loves it as does her 10 year old brother !!
 This was a 1st birthday gift for my son and he loved it now my 10mth old daughter is getting plenty of use out of it . It plays a great little tune and the balls that come with it our loads of fun on their own .
 This toy is my son 's favorite toy in the world . When I first purchased it , he just learned how to walk . So he would push it and it improved his balance . And now that he is older he can now ride it . Even though he still like to push it . And I ca n't really say he played with the balls that much , but when he did , it helped his motor skills . Overall I would have to say its a great toy . It 's the olny to that my son ca n't be without .
 This toy is still getting lots of mileage even though we 've been walking for months . This was a gift to our son and one of the best he 's received . It really encouraged him to walk and the balls and music are great motivators for him . He learned how to punch the nose and make music to his delight . Then he figured out where the balls were coming out . Huge satisfaction for a toddler . Great choice !
 My little girl got this for her 1st birthday and has loved it since she laid eyes on it . We have hardwood floors as well as carpet and she has never had a problem with either surface . She also has never had a problem getting stuck - she just pushes the `` steering wheel '' the direction she wants to go and takes off ! It is also a lot of fun outside . She loves the music - has n't cared for the balls . But she loves the basket on the front and fills it with other things that she sees as she walks around . I would highly recommend this product to anyone with a very busy and adventurous toddler !
 My son is almost 10 months , and this is one of his favorites . BUT , we have to keep it against a wall because it always rolls out from under him . I am hoping that as he gains more back strength this will be resolved . The only thing is that he LOVES to pull up on it now . He really enjoys pressing the nose and pulling up on it , and I can see it lasting for a while , but for now , I just have to try to keep it fall proof ! One of the reviews recommended putting velcro on the wheels . I think I 'll try it !
 When my daughter turned 9 months old we got her this toy . I have never seen my daughter that excited . She was so happy ! A PLUS for me was that the music DOES NOT stay on all the time and does have an off switch . She could care less if it made noise all though she loves to press the nose on the front . My little girl just wants to RUN and this helps her use so much of her energy that she now sleeps better at night . I STRONGLY recommend this toy to any parent , grandparent , aunt or uncle !
 My son loves this toy . He got it as a present when he was 10 months old . He plays with the balls all the time , but as a walker it goes to fast for him . We have the other Fisher Price activity walker ... that he uses as a walker .
 We have an EXTREMELY ACTIVE 9 month old who absolutely LOVES this toy ! We bought this walker after first seeing it at a friend 's house-who , by the way has two children ages 9 mo and 2 yrs and they both love it as well . I ran out the same day to get it because it is sturdy , manageable and a LOT OF FUN ! My daughter is very active and has been trying to walk for two months now . We had another walker which was too flimsy and easily flipped because it could not support her weight or speed . This walker is EXCELLENT for babies like mine who are already starting to walk and would like to become more confident and independent . I read a review which advised this goes too fast , and I would say that maybe it does if your child is just starting to explore walking or if you have slick floors like hard wood , linoleum or tile . On carpet it is fantastic , and my daughter easily manages it on the hard wood and linoleum in our house , too . From our perspective it is great and so highly recommended . Stay close , though , because even though it is sturdy , it can still be flipped if tugged too hard . We are always close by when our baby uses the walker . She does not currently play a whole lot with the other features , but I assume she will enjoy it well into her second year based on the other reviews . She is already attempting to sit and use it as a scooter . This walker was sooooo worth the money I paid for it and HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !! -LSB- . -RSB- ENJOY !
 Our baby received this as a Christmas gift , and LOVES , LOVES , LOVES this thing . He forgot about all the other toys after playing with this.He was learning to walk , and practically ran behind this walker . The riding feature is also fun , he loves being `` zoomed around '' the house.If you have a toddler , you ca n't go wrong purchasing this .
 We just got this a week ago for my 8 month old . She loves the balls , the music , and investigating it in general . She can pull herself up and tries to walk , but the wheels are very fast and she has fallen every time she starts to walk . She is very proud of herself just to be able to stand up with it -LRB- though she 's been cruising along furniture for a while -RRB- so its been a great purchase all in all so far . Just be careful if your child is not fully comfortable standing up without too much assistance . My child is fairly cautious by nature , so as soon as it flies out from under her she jerks back and lands on her rear end with it on top of her . I can see how a child could get hurt ... but from my experience this is an issue with many of these types of toys .
 We just bought this for my daughter -LRB- 8 months old -RRB- . I thought it was a bit early for her , but my husband loved it . She is already walking behind it and loves to hear the music play . She just figured out that the balls go in the front and stay underneath . The balls are small enough for her to hold and also to roll under the couch . We 've already lost one of them - OOPS ! When she starts getting into something she should n't , we push the nose and start the music and she comes right to the walker !
 We bought this for our son 's first birthday . He was so thrilled with it that no other gift seemed to matter . He was up and walking with this toy right away . We opened it up and assembled it on carpet . He took to using it fast . We then closed it for riding and he also loved it . His little legs were not quite long enough for them to both be on the floor at the same time . He voiced his unhappiness when his brother -LRB- 3.5 years -RRB- tried to take it away . The volume knob is a wonderful addition . The `` dancing lights '' also received an enthusiastic squeal . Then we thought the wood floors would be a hinderance . He proceeded to manuver it just as well as on carpet . The height of where he places his hands -LRB- at the top -RRB- do not cause him to get going too fast and topple . I do n't think that I would get this for anyone who is not already standing on their own for a few seconds . He was ready for this . Well spent money !!!!! Good engineering on the development side of Fisher-Price
 I purchased this toy for my daughter when she was 9 months old and she was afraid of it after she tried to hold on . It went so fast she immediatly let go and had n't played with it for a long time . She is now 10 months and she started to play with it . She is more stable and can walk as fast as the walker can go . I think this toy is more for a 10 month old than a 9 month old .
 My son has loads of fun riding on this toy . He loves being pushed around on it . The only drawback to it is as a walker it moves very easily . I wish the wheels had more traction when switching to the walker feature . Even still I give this toy a strong buy .
 I am trying to find this toy . Anyone know where I can buy it ?
 My son received this toy for his birthday , and liked it fine when he was just learning to walk -LRB- except that it had a tendancy to get away from him with our hardwood floors -RRB- . Then just the other day he sat on it and I pushed him around on it for a while . Friends -LRB- older children -RRB- will come over and play on it and they seem to like it too ... my only objection is that the lock for the `` legs '' doese n't always hold them together when in ride on mode -LRB- especially if it has been knocked over -RRB- .
 My duaghter loves this toy . She received last Christmas , too late for a walker , but perfect timing for riding . She has so much fun pushing or trying to push herself around the living room . She likes pushing the nose to make the lights and music go off -LRB- thank goodness , there 's a volume control and a off button -RRB- .
 I bought this for my granddaughter when she was nine months old and she still plays with it !!! She learned how to ride it first and then walk with it . I must agree with the other reviewers that you should be with baby when they are playing it as when they are walking there is no way to stop this walker . I have also seen it `` get away '' from her as well , causing her to trip by trying to keep up with it . The only other complaint is that it takes some gumption to change it from walker to rider . It 's a little tricky but doable once you get the hang of it.Caution
 This is fun for a baby to play with while sitting or walking with if you are right there with your baby the whole time . There is one flaw in this toy . . the wheels should have stoppers , so you can keep them from rolling at times . My 11 month old daughter pulled up on it once and fell backward on her `` rear '' without letting go of her hands . She continued to grip the handles and fell back , pulling this toy on top of her . It really scared her , so if you buy this toy , keep a hand on your baby at all times !
 Our 9 month old son got this toy for Christmas . He first crawled behind it with one hand on each leg of the toy . Then he started to try to stand up , but it only worked very good on the carpeting . We parents were supervising closely to teach him to stand more upright when pushing the toy , which helps to control the speed . We spent many hours going back and forth with him crawling , then walking behind this before he got the hang of it . Now that he is almost a year old , he will stop when he runs into so mething , crawl over one of the legs and push the toy backwards , then re-mount and keep going . He can handle the speed , even on slick floors . He also likes to play with the balls , and can find them when they go into the basket . The jazzy music is pretty cool , but definitely motion sensitive !!!
 My 9 month old son has n't even learned to pull up yet , but he is buzzing along behind his new walker . Within 2 days , no joke , he was walking confidently , all smiles , behind the Stride to Ride . Some of the reviews say it goes to fast for learners , but my son has n't really had a problem with that . We use it on the carpet . He likes the basket too and is learning object permanence by looking for the balls after they pass through the basket . I would say it was worth the money we spent on it for sure .
 My son got two of these for Christmas . We kept both . We brought one home and left one with his grandparents . He absolutely loves this toy . Like a different reviewer , the walker portion of the toy is a bit quick for the first time walker but after a few weeks of cruising on the furniture he was ready for the walker . Prior to using the walker , he would sit on the toy and use it as a scooter . He also loves putting the balls in the basket and watching them roll out under the seat . The music is catchy and makes him laugh and dance . One reviewer commented on the legs being hard to put together and not a one person job . It definately is a one person job but is n't necessarily easy . I 'd rather it require a little more effort to do than the legs pop apart while my son is using the scooter . All in all , this toy is worth the money !!
 I bought this for my gymnastics business . This tunnel is used on a daily basis for children ages 1 through 10 so it has been used at least a thousand times over the years . It looks as good as the day I first got it . Children not only love crawling through the tunnel , but can play peek-a-boo , or roll a ball from one end to another person at the other end . I highly recommend it for any parent .
 What more can you say ? It 's durable , it 's fun , it folds so nicely and be put away ! GOOD BUY !
 I bought this for my border collies as it was cheaper then the tunnels used for dog training . Granted we only use it for play but our older dog lovers running through it and turning around inside it . It has been a good alternative for us .
 I gave this to my 18 month old nephew as a christmas gift . He loved crawling through it and standing up in it and making it pop up and down as well . My sister in law likes it because it helps him get out some of his energy without running all over the house .
 We got this for our 9 month old daughter for Christmas and immediately had a friend 's WILD 3 year over to put it to the test . It stood up to full on attacks from every angle all night long . Our daughter loves it-giggling wildly while playing peekaboo & dragging treasures in and out . Easily compressed with velcro loops , it takes up almost no storage space . Awesome , active , urban dwelling sized toy .
 This is a nice lower priced tunnel for small dogs -LRB- under 30 lbs . -RRB- The velcro tabs work nicely to hold milk jugs filled with water to keep it in place while the dogs run through , It is nicer than the lower priced ones in that the wire frame is slightly padded and you can give it a little bit of a curve shape if desired ,
 I used this tunnel for 9 very active Australian Shepherd pups . The ran through it , played inside it , jumped on it , chewed it . It is still in ONE piece and no holes ! It is a perfect toy , durable , easily set up and taken down . I highly recommend it !
 I bought two of these from Amazon for my grandchildren for Christmas , one for each family . Giggles and laughter were non-stop . The tunnels are very well made , work well on carpeted floors , easy set up , and fold up . My one year old grandchildren could sit up inside the tunnels and the two and half years olds were like little worms crawling over each other . Best purchase I made and when they outgrow this size I intend to purchase them a larger one .
 I bought this tunnel for my grandson 's 1st birthday after watching him crawl under and through anything that resembled a tunnel . He loves it ! And it 's easy to put out of the way when needed .
 My friend has one of these and when we go to their house my son and their daughter play in it for hours . I thought it was a great fun for them . They would go in , out and around the tunnel chasing each other for hours on end .
 This is a very high quality , durable play tunnel . It actually looks better in real life than it does in the picture . I actually bought it not for kids , but for my dog for agility practice . It 's very sturdy , high quality fabric , pops up very nicely , and packs away very nicely . The only thing is that because it pops up so strongly , it 's a bit difficult to use it as a curved tunnel for agility . Also , I need sew on loops so that I could stake it to the ground . For agility , you will need to either stake it or weight the ends , otherwise it 'll roll and fly all over the place . We do currently have it in the house , and it stays in place without weighting it , since there 's no room for my dog to get a really running entry into it . For kids , I highly recommend this tunnel . For dogs , if you 're on a budget , this is a great tunnel as well .
 The material of the product was much better than I expected it to be . It is thicker and so far , it is holding up quite well with some stress . Our daughter do n't play too rough with it , but we have friends ' boys who would jump , tug , roll and do all sorts of thing with it , and it 's great !
 All my nieces and nephews ranging from 10mths - 7 years have gotten well beyond my moneys worth out of this . It 's perfect on a rainy day or when the kids are bored . VERY DURABLE . I have mine 3 years and its still holding up like the day I bought it and I have had some rough boys playing with it .
 I bought this tunnel for my daughter for her first birthday , and she has loved it ever since ! She has so much fun crawling through the tunnel and hiding in there . It is a great chance for any child to get exercise and to add some fun and excitement to their day !
 This is the second tunnel that we 've purchased from this company . The first tunnel was the see me tunnel , and it just did n't last long due to our rough and tough boys . The wire came out of several of the rings . However , this tunnel seems much more durable since it is the same material all around it and not partially mesh like the see me tunnel was . Our 3 boys love this tunnel , and they range in ages from 1 to 5 1/2 years old . Great for indoor play during the cold winter months !
 I agree with others - the construction is solid , with heavy nylon fabric and steel rings . Glad I avoided the vinyl ones - this should hold up to our robust 3 and 1-year old grandkids .
 My two year old granddaughter loves to play with this tunnel . I am surprised how much `` jostling '' it can take . It is durable , and so good that it compacts so easily . Next I will get the tent to go with it .
 I ordered this for my new German Shepherd puppy because I want to start training for agility . This tunnel is completely indestructible . Her sharp puppy teeth can demolish anything I give her except for this toy . She wrestles and attacks and plays with it more than any other toy . It is great exercise for her , and she loves running in and out of it . It is worth every penny . I kept thinking as soon as she wrecks this I am going to order another , but after 2 months , it is good as new .
 All i can say is
 My daughter -LRB- 2 yrs -RRB- loves playing with this tunnel in the toddler room at church . I love that it folds up so compactly . I also believe that it must be rather durable , if the same brand , because those toddlers can be rather tough on toys . I am putting it on my child 's cmas list !
 My three kids have loved this tunnel since they were two -LRB- they are now 5,7 & 9 -RRB- They still play with it alot . They do a variety of things with it including magic tricks where the child inside will `` magically '' disappear . It 's great exercise too to be on your hands and knees . They also love to play `` tornado '' with it , where one child gets inside standing up while the others throw stuffed animals into it , meanwhile the child inside throws them back outlike a real tornado does .
 And she loves it . So , I got one for my 2 yr old grandson too and he loves it too . Very sturdy , easy to put away , ok to leave out in the rain . I highly recommend it .
 This is a great toy for kids of any age . We bought it last year when my daughter was 2 1/2 . She still plays with it . It folds up very nicely and no matter how many times her and my 6 year old son jump on the outside , it still looks like new . At my son 's 6th birthday party -LRB- 13 boys , 2 girls -RRB- , the kids stood with it upright and pretended they were an alien worm , while the other kids beat them with blow up swords . Yes I was supervising , but the tunnel took the beating and is still in great shape . Even out cats crawl through it . There are not many toys that are this much fun and durable .
 I bought this tunnel for my 2 grandchildren - - age 2 1/2 and 10 months . They absolutely LOVE it ! They spend lots of time crawling thru - - chasing each other - and playing peek a boo . It folds up very easily and travels with us too . It 's great for a rainy day and we have even used it on the beach . Highly recommend it .
 My daughter was almost two years old when we purchased this tunnel . After reviewing the various tunnels being sold , I have to say this is probably one of the best out there . It is extremely durable and easy to store . She even jumps on top of it , and it always keeps its shape .
 I just bought this tunnel for my two year old daughter . Her nursery school has the neon see-me connecting tunnel , and she just loves it . They did n't have that one at our local -LSB- store -RSB- , so we bought the 6 ' Find-Me Play Tunnel . I think this tunnel will last a long time . My kids have already jumped on top of it , and the dog even tried to crawl through . It seems to be quite durable and is not made of cheap plastic like some of the less expensive tunnels . It 's definitely worth the extra money .
 I 'm impressed with the quality for the price here!I bought this as a practice tunnel for dog agility . It 's light , so I use two stick-in-the-ground poles criss-crossed over either end to hold it in place . But it 's lightweight and compact when folded up . Very durable fabric for the price and weight .
 We purchased this tent for our two grandchildren ages 1-1/2 and 3-1/2 two months ago . We were worried it would take up too much space in our daughter 's living room -- it did . However , todate , the tent has never been taken down . It is constantly used by our grandchildren , their friends and neighbors ages one thru ten , and is still standing . The tent was easy to put up , though I needed my daughter 's help , but it only took 5-10 minutes to erect . It is safe - no sharp points and it is loved by our grandchildren.In fact , we are ordering another one - this time with a tunnel for when the grandchildren visit us .
 We got this play tent as a gift . It was so hard to put this tent up . I could n't do it by myself . I had to wait for my Husband and we still had problems . The poles that hold up the tent are so long that they are so hard to get into the tent corners - that is what holds the tent up . The kids did love the tent after we got it up though . They played for hours in it . The first time we took it down - one of poles snapped in half . So , now we are returning it .
 I got this for my 5 years old daughter . She likes it very much . She and her friends like to get in and out , and sometimes they knock it over . It 's easy to just pick it up , and it returns to its original shape -LRB- that 's the good part of the design -RRB- . However , one of the poles broke in 2 weeks , because a kid just happened to land on top of it during playing . The poles could not withstand any pressure . We called Pacific Play Tent and bought more poles . It has been holding up fine since then . So , it 's not really durable , but it can be fixed .
 This tent is very difficult to assemble and disassemble . It broke after only one week of use . I highly discourage people from purchasing this .
 My 5 yr old son got this today and he is totally in love with it . He has played it all day . So if your thinking of getting this for a child that is totally into spiderman , venom , sandman and the goblin then this is a toy for your kid . He loves Venom and loves that he is on this.Good value for money
 I ordered these for my little girl to sleep with at night . They are the perfect size for her and nice and soft . She loves sleeping with them and its great that it came with two in case she ever loses one .
 My grandson loves his Curious George and this is a perfect travel size and a spar in case one gets lost .
 While I will admit that I did n't order the sponge balls from this vendor , mine are of the exact same brand in the picture . These are the medium-stiff sponge balls designed for vanishing , and they do come with their special `` vanishing device '' . I had to dock a point on durability because they are a bit difficult to keep clean while still preventing mold .
 12 yr old son bought these - great purchase for him . He has used them for hours on end - practicing and getting better and better at slight of hand . His only critique would be for them to be smaller . For his size hands - he has trouble hiding them .
 super awesome perfect for magic tricks all the way to the end this componys sponge balls are the ones im gon na use and some of the other things they make .
 The quality is great and comes with 4 soft sponge balls.The durability is strong and is mostly designed for palming.Its basically a cardboard box with 4 sponge balls and instructions . The instructions teach you one basic move and one trick . The instructions are n't very clear so you end up with just making up tricks yourself . These balls are 2 '' big and are red and they are very soft and have a lot of bounce . There is a LOT of slight of hand so I would recommend this to anyone who is an expert at slight of hand . You wont be disappointed with this .
 There are four balls in each package and they seem very consistent and red . No complaints and they are a fine value .
 First of all , I already knew the tricks and I just lost my old ones so I needed a replacement . So it did the job well . And yeah , I agree with the first reviewer , the instructions are lacking in details . I was taught through a DVD , so it was easier to grasp on . But it did the job I was looking for .
 Without a doubt , this is the most entertaining of all the play tunnels ! This was the big hit of my 3-year old 's birthday party ! Being so big & wide , anyone can climb through the tunnel -LRB- including the grandparents ! -RRB- I bought this size with the thought that if I had to flush the critters out , I would n't be wearing it for a dress the next day . I am glad I did ... it is so large that it allows for many children to climb through without scrambling over top of one another ! Both my 1-year old & 3-year old love it and that is an approval unto itself!Bottom line ... consider this tunnel before all the others ! It is worth the extra !
 My 2.5 year old Border Collie just loves the tunnel and we train with it a few times per week . Since the agility tunnels for dogs are a bit pricey , I decided to try this more affordable kid 's tunnel instead . It 's not as heavy and robust as the official agility tunnels , but it has been serving me great for just about a year - there 's just some minor wearing around the rings and small toe nail runs in it - but it 's still very usable.My ratings would change a bit for kids though - probably a 3 for educational and 5 for durability !
 I got this for my dog because it is a little bit bigger and longer than most tunnels . Would n't be good for any large dogs , but good for any dog 20 inches or smaller . It packs up nice and neat to be put away .
 The material feels very well made , I do n't think it will tear easily . This would stand up at a day care or with multiple children doing rough play .
 This tunnel was bought for my 9 year old autistic son and he LOVES it . It 's long an wide enough to set up obstacle courses for bigger children . I 'm 5ft9 , 150 pounds and I have no trouble fitting through the tunnel , I 'm too tall to crawl on my knees , but I have no trouble scooting through it on my back lol
 I have purchased several of these tunnels for my grandsons and they are much-loved gifts . Most recently , I bought a 6 foot tunnel for my 3 year old grandson and his 10 year old brother loved it too . The tunnel stimulates the child 's imagination and sense of adventure and it 's also great exercise as they dart in and out of the tunnel . You can easily see the way out of the tunnel so there is no fear . The tunnels are very durable and they are also easy to fold up and put away with the velcro straps , so they are parent-friendly . Definitely a thumbs up and five stars for this toy . I am raising one of my seven grandsons and so I also view this product from the perspective of a parent as well as a grandparent . He 's age six and the tunnel is one of his favorite toys .
 I purchased this for my son 's 5th birthday party to meet a theme requirement.I found it durable and well made . The kids loved it .
 This was bought back in December as a Christmas present for my 19 month old son who is now two . He loves to play in his tunnel-crawling down the hallway between his room and the living room . This tunnel is a blast when he has his little friends over for play dates . They play and squeal for what feels like hours . This tunnel is a great value for its size and quality . My husband has a great time playing , too ! I 'm sure we will have many years of wonderful fun as our family grows !
 I bought this so my grand daughter and dog had something to play with together . They both love it and it is easy to close up and put away and to open up . We like it a lot and it is a lot of fun watching them play together . Well worth the price .
 My two year old twins love to play in this tent . I put a blanket and some toys in it . They enjoy running in and out chasing each other . It would be great for boys too . It 's bigger than I thought .
 My toddler has a blast in this tent . The one disappointment I have is taht the tunnel that came with it does not actually attach to the tent . Both items are fun on their own , but it would be that much better if it actually hooked together .
 We 've had the Travel Time tent for 3 years and it has been loads of fun for my two boys -LRB- now ages 3 & 5 -RRB- plus the cats ... Not a good plan for rolling and they broke a pole but I was able to contact the company and they kindly sent me two replacement poles . I 'm not sure who the other reviewer spoke to , but the woman who helped me was extremely kind and made sure I was getting the right sized poles for my tent . It was a lot cheaper to spend $ 16 for new poles than $ 40 - $ 45 for a new tent !
 My grand-daughter is just 22 months old but has a grand time playing `` hiding '' , going in and out of and even napping in this tent . The fit is a little tight for grandma but still possible . A great toy though it takes up a bit of space in the living room !
 This is our 4th tent and we finally found a great one ! It is much more durable than the disney character ones which my girls seem to break within the first few days . It is roomy -- my 3 and 4 year olds slept in it one night with pillows et al , has a place to attach a play tunnel and so far , we 've only cracked one of the poles instead of breaking it .
 This tent is really great - for indoors . My 3-year-old granddaughter loves it . It gives her a little private place to play - or hide - and I , 5-foot-10 and 67 years old . could easily get in it , sit in it and even lie down in it -LRB- well , curled up a bit -RRB- . We `` camped '' , ate lunch , played bear and dolls and all kinds of things in it . Mesh at the top keeps you from feeling claustrophobic . The zippers work easily . It 's a great product overall .
 My 3 year old enjoys playing in this tent . It was easy to assemble . Took two of us less than 10 minutes.There was a minor thing though . Once my 3 year old 's hair got tangled in the zipper while trying to enter the tent . Luckily we were able to untangle it without any harm done . Now she bows down real well before entering the tent.Other than that ... it has been fun .
 We purchased this tent for our 4 year old grandson and our 2 year old grandaughter . They love it . They would play in it all dayif allowed . With special behavior they 're allowed to sleep in it at night . We purchased an extra set of poles from Pacific Tent just incase one of them falls against the ploes . It 's only used indoors . Its Great .
 My 2 year old daughter loves this tent . I love the fact that it folds up so nice and small . We usually leave it up for a couple weeks and then take it down for a couple weeks ... keeps it fresh fun.My only complaint is that on the zip flaps , they zip down and then have velcro closures at the bottom -LRB- connecting each flap to the floor of the tent -RRB- . I wish these were zippers instead because the velcro sticks to the carpet.Other than this tiny complaint this is an awesome tent !
 After getting tired of cleaning up blanket tents , my husband suggested getting my daughter a `` real tent '' and it has been a big hit since it arrived . We have tea parties during the day in it . We attach a tunnel for greater adventure for play dates and at night we bring flash lights in and make shadow puppets . It is very roomy inside but I do n't feel like it overwhelms the floor space-so it is a win win .
 I bought this product in 2002 for my daughter and we both loved it from the start . The music and water sounds are terrific for taking a nap and she used this toy for two years . I almost didnt want to let it go because I wanted it in my room for the water sounds ! Now Im due in May 2006 , and need another one of these toys ... ver badly ! I see there is a new version out , but I do not like it by the looks of it or the reviews I read and I want the original one . I will probably have a hard time finding it though . I recommend this product to anyone who has an infant . It was the best item I ever bought for my kid .
 This is a wonderful item . My son loves to try and catch the fish as they are moving around . The music and sounds will lull him to sleep in no time at all .
 I got this for my daughter when she was just a few months old as a desperate attempt to get her to sleep -LRB- as well as me ! -RRB- Well , as with anything and young babies , nothings 100 % , but it did grab her attention and she quickly learned to hit the button to help calm herself . Once she learned that , instead of hearing wails in the middle of the night , I would hear the soft sounds of this toy instead . Much more pleasant ! My daughter is 3 now and still uses this to help lull her to sleep . It is well worth the money , as well as the batteries it will go through.Seems very durable . After 3 years , a small amount of the water seems to have evaporated out but it works perfectly still . This is a wonderful baby shower gift if you are looking for ideas .
 I was 6 months pregnant when my brother gave this to me for the baby at Christmas time . I put it up against my tummy just about every night and played it for the baby . After my son was born , it was just about the only thing that would calm him down when he was fussy . It was familliar to him , as well as calming , and it even soothed me at times . My son is 3 now , and it is still in his room on a shelf , and I still push that on button every night for him as he falls asleep . I just found out I was pregnant , and my mother immediately went out and bought another for the new baby .
 My first child had the original version of the aquarium that had the fish swimming in a circle and the lights projected on the ceiling . She loved it ! We even hooked it onto her bunk bed when she moved out of her crib at around 3 years old . Not long after that the motor went and the fish stopped swimming , probably a good thing as we had the battery compartment door held on with electrical tape as the screw was stripped from so many changes . I do miss the light on the ceiling feature , but the new version goes through far fewer batteries . My 15 month old and my 5 1/2 month old each have one in their cribs now and I would not live with out them . They are the best thing for a new mom and baby . They are so soothing at bedtime and older children can turn them on by themselves , saving mom a trip out of bed in the middle of the night . My one complaint is when the bubbles and fishies are on it is really loud . We do n't use that setting . Only the music and lights . I also give this at many baby showers now . Best Gift I ever Got ! Get one today .
 I got this as a shower present and immediately placed it on the crib . At first my daughter merely stared at it and as she great she started playing with different buttons . My daughter is now 15 months old and she loves her acquarium . She really likes the music and likes to hear it as she goes to sleep . Sometimes , when she wakes up in the middle of the night looking for her pacifier , she turns the music on and goes back to sleep . Wonderful gift !
 Its cute because it has lots of options like buubles , sounds and lights . My complaint is the the lowest volume is still to loud . Other than that I like it .
 Actually I bought this toy second hand . When I received it , it was in perfect condition . My children have been pretty rough with it but it still works . Both of my children have loved this toy . This is one toy I 'm happy to have bought .
 I 'm almost speechless about how great this aquarium is . I got it for a shower gift and my daughter is almost 2 now and we still use it every night . I take it with us when we go out of town for over night trips as well . She can now turn it on and off on her own now which is a great help during the night , puts her right back to sleep.Don ' t know what we would do with out it . We may buy another for back up or for when we have another child .
 We received the `` Ocean Wonders Aquarium , '' as a baby gift when my son was about a month old . At that point , he was still not sleeping in his crib . At around 6 weeks of age , when we started trying to get him sleeping regularly in his crib , we started using this crib accoutrement . It is fabulous -- my baby son would turn his head and watch the lights and music , allowing me to slip slowly outside of the room . This toy definitely helped my son adjust to sleeping on his own . When he was able to sit up , he began playing with the other buttons on the toy while in his crib . It is a durable item , too . He is two and a half now and still loves the aquarium , which is still operating perfectly . He turns it on when he takes a nap , when he goes to bed , and in the middle of the night when he wakes up . I believe it makes him comfortable in strange places , too -- whenever we go on vacation , we take it with us and he plays the music and watches the lights and fish and knows that wherever he is , he 's safe and surrounded by familiar sounds . I ca n't recommend this item highly enough , and I hope I can buy it for someone else someday .
 My 6 weeks old baby loves this toy . She stares at the lights and calms down with the music . .
 My son loved playing with his aquarium . He liked to look at it for a while after he woke up every morning , and he looked so proud every time he would cut it on or off.It did n't really help him sleep , but he really enjoyed it .
 We used this product since our baby was a couple months old . He is currently 4 months old and loves the fishy aquarium . During bedtime , we put on the ocean waves sounds . He stares at it until we play it , then looks away and falls asleep . In other words , he expects us to play it as part of his bedtime routine . During his morning `` wake-up '' routine , we play the songs like `` Twinkle , Twinkle '' . Also , the light display with the moving fish relaxes him when he is fussy .
 My son loves this ! he is almost 2 and still plays with it ! It helps to soothe them in the middle of the night and it works as a night light ! Buy one for every bed you have !
 My little girl is now 2 mos old and we have been using this for almost 6 weeks . She absolutely loves it . I keep it on the aquarium sounds -LRB- the music is a little wierd -RRB- and she just stares and stares at it . The problem is that it does n't last long enough . It shuts itself off after just under 10 minutes , and you ca n't adjust how long it runs for . She just starts to doze off when it stops and she wakes up and cries ! Fisher-Price should know that it takes longer than that to put a baby to sleep !
 I first saw this whenever I was pregnant . I told my husband about it and we could n't wait to put it in the nursery . It even helps me sleep ! I love the music and everything about it is wonderful . My son figured out how to play with it last month and has been entertaining himself with it ever since . Just today I saw him playing with it and laughing at it . It does n't wake him up whenever he 's moving around in the middle of the night . It 'll go off and I know he 'll continue to have sweet dreams . I highly recommend it !!
 My six week old son is starting to `` see '' the fish and bubbles when we turn the aquarium on and it often calms him before he falls asleep . We 're not crazy about the music right now so we only turn on the fish/bubbles mode but we wish it had a timer you could set or it was programmed to go longer because sometimes it seems like it shuts off too soon and then my son screams until we go back into his room and start it up again . We have a `` noise machine '' with a timer and that 's a true gem but has no fish/bubbles to watch . Perhaps once he gets older , the short play time wo n't matter so much and he 'll enjoy the music as well as the fish/bubbles . I 'm not at all disappointed with this product , it 's just my son 's preferance for swimming fish .
 My twins have used this since day one !! I only use the music at night and I use the bubbles and lights if I need to put them in the crib to run downstairs or something ! The batteries have lasted since August and it is now end of January !! They go right to sleep with this toy !! LIFESAVER !
 This toy worked like magic in helping our son fall asleep when he was younger . We would only turn it on when it was time for hime to go to sleep so he got used to hearing the music as he was drifting off to sleep . Then , when he would wake in the night we would just sneak in his room and turn on the music and he would fall right back asleep on his own . He is now older -LRB- 7 months -RRB- and has learned to turn the music on and off by himself , and it still works to sooth him when he is feeling tired . He loves watching the lights and the bubbles . Contrary to other reviews I like the music that it makes , and I have not had any problems with it eating batteries . Compared to most of his other toys the battery life in the aquarium is REALLY long !
 My daughter loves this toy !! She loves watching the fish and listening to the music . If she is fussy or crying , I just lay her in her crib and turn it on and she calms down immediately . She is more interested in the music then the ocean sound , but it keeps her occupied in her crib when I have to clean up her room or put her clothes away .
 We got this for my daughter before she was born mainly because it matched the theme of her room . It 's been attached to her crib from the time she was 1 1/2 months old until now -LRB- she 's 19 mos old -RRB- and it has been a LIFESAVER . When she was a baby and just learning to fall asleep on her own , we 'd lay her down in her crib , start it and the soft music , lights and swimming fish would lull her to sleep . When she got a little older , she learned how to kick the button to start it and would lull herself back to sleep if she woke up in the middle of the night . Now , as a toddler , she plays with it if she wakes up in the middle of the night or from a nap instead of crying . I really do n't know what we would have done without it . It 's a definite MUST HAVE !
 We got this for our daughter 2 years ago and she STILL loves it . She has to have it turnedon everytime she goes in her crib . I like it because of the different sounds it makes . Music and water sounds.In the 2 years we 've had it and used it at least once a day , we 've only had to replace the batteries 2 times.VERY good !
 My parents bought this for my daughter when she was 6 months old . She is now almost 20 months and she still loves this toy.There are multiple melodies and lullaby 's that play and the lights and bubbles can be turned on individually or together -LRB- though I agree with the other reviewers that the bubble setting can be loud -RRB- . My daughter finds this very soothing and it makes bed time much easier.I buy this for every babyshower I attend and highly recommend it .
 I did n't think my son liked this at first because he would ignore it for the first couple of months . It was n't until he started rolling over that he got into it . Now , he ca n't get enough of it . It was actually his first toy with buttons that he learned how to work . Rather than waking Mommy up first thing in the morning , I 'll hear the music coming through the monitor and drift back off to sleep while he amuses himself in the crib for another hour .
 We started out with the older version of this for our son . He also loved it . We got this on for our daughter because he loved it so much ! Our daughter loves this fish tank ! She falls asleep to it everynight . We push it to play music until she falls asleep . Now that she is older , she pushes it herself if she is n't asleep when the music stops . It is a great toy to teach self soothing skills for sleep . She loves to push the clam and starfish buttons too . We coul n't live without it ! I strongly suggest this for expecting parents or parents that have trouble getting their kids to sleep !
 My son loves this toy , however the only complaint I have is that it eats batteries . Faster than his swing , and faster then his other toys , He loves it though so I keep replacing them . I should probably get some rechargable ones but cant seem to find them in size D.
 My daughter absolutely LOVES her aquarium . She is now 9 months old and she has loved this aquarium all along . When she was younger , she loved to just watch it , especially the bubbles . Now that she is older , I can put her in her crib and she will play with the aquarium until she falls asleep . It 's great !!
 Our daughter loves this aquarium . I often find her playng with it when she wakes up from her nap . She also loves to watch the bubbles and lights when it is dark in her room at night.Even as a newborn Lorelei loved it . She would fall asleep to the sound of the ocean waves.I highly recommend this toy .
 We bought the toy for my daughter who was 2 months . It lulled her to sleep every night . She also learned very quickly how to turn it on and off . She enjoys it so much ! I would recomend this toy to anyone with a little one .
 We 've had this toy in the crib for about 3 months , and my son has enjoyed it the whole time . He likes to turn it off and on , and spin the starfish with the buttons . It has several different tunes , varying volume controls , and even an `` off '' switch . This toy certainly entertains him while he winds down to sleep -LRB- we 're trying to ease him into putting himself to sleep now -RRB- . This toy seems to keep the tantrum at bay , and relaxes him , until he falls asleep . It helped shaped his development of `` cause and effect '' . He quickly leaned that pushing certain buttons -LRB- or pulling them -RRB- creates different effects . It is heavy -LRB- with 4 D batteries -RRB- however it has VERY tightly secured straps , so I -LRB- a major safety buff -RRB- am not concerned . My 21-pound son even hangs on it , and the straps show absolutely no wear and tear . You can also `` flip '' it over the crib rail instead of removing it , so you can lift the mattress to change the sheets . My only complaint is the aforementioned D batteries . The compartment is HORRIBLY designed , and it took me 10 minutes to PRY the batteries using tweezers . I 've never seen a battery compartment designed so poorly . It also took unscrewing 5 safety screws to get into the thing . What were they thinking ? As if babies could unscrew even 1 or 2 of them ! I also find that I do n't keep D batteries in such supply at home -LRB- and they are expensive ! -RRB- , so I found myself robbing the flashlights , in an act of desperation ! Great toy for the baby , frustrating toy for the parents .
 This is one of the best things I ever bought for our daughter . It is very soothing and she definitely uses it to help her fall asleep . When we lay her down in her crib , she may fuss at first , but then when we turn the aquarium on she loves it ! If you put it on music and lights only it will play for 10 minutes . Once our daughter learned to turn it back on she loved it even more ! One night not too long ago she played it for 2 hours straight in the middle of the night until she fell back asleep . I can not praise this product enough .
 Our daughter just turned 3 months and she loves this product . She lays in her crib and watches/listens to it , when it stops -LRB- if she is still awake -RRB- she wants more !
 I bought this for my 6 month old baby boy . It is very soothing and provides a mild light when he wakes at night . I go to his crib , turn on the Ocean Wonders Aquarium , and can see to find his pacifier . He goes back to sleep with the soothing music and light shuts off soon . He is now 8 months old and can turn it on by himself .
 This was a gift to us and our child loves it . Turn it on and he falls asleep instantly . Also good for play time . He stares at the fish and the bubbling water . A must have !
 I think this is an awesome toy for any age . My son is only 2 weeks old , and he enjoys looking at the fish and lights . I think the music is very relaxing also . Anytime he is fussy all I have to do is lay him down and turn on his aquarium and it helps him calm down . I would make this a must have for any baby !
 I received this as a gift at my baby shower . It 's the best thing I could 've received . My 2 month old falls asleep with the music and bubble effects . I would 've given this product 5 stars but the only problem I had with this toy and it 's very minor is that the music does n't last very long . I have to keep on turning it on about 3 or 4 or even more times before my baby falls asleep . He enjoys it so much that when it stops he cries for more . But besides this it 's something that everyone should buy and put on the crib .
 I love this toy because every time I lay my son down for a nap , or to sleep at night , right before I leave the room , I press the button on the Aquarium , and it lulls him to sleep every time . Also , now that he is 4 months old , he can kick it on with his feet to entertain himself ! I just wish that the Aquarium would stay on for longer than 5 minutes .
 Our 6 month old son loves this aquarium . When he was younger it would serve its purpose as a white noise device . Now he enjoys starting at it and it puts him to sleep . I think it 's adorable .
 My baby loves this aquarium ! He did n't really start noticing it until he was about 3 months , but now it keeps him entertained in his crib so I can get things done ! The only drawback is it takes 4 - `` D '' batteries and it goes through them quick !
 My daughter enjoyed the peaceful and visually stimulating features of this toy when she was hospitalized as an infant . It is durable and worked fine after being dropped on a hard floor numerous times . I 'm so glad the hospital had it for our use .
 This has been a lifesaver for my husband and I !! You can adjust the volume on the music , or change the music to white noise which is our preference . When we lay our 2-month old in her crib , she tends to wake up , however , when we push the button to play the sounds and start the bubbles , it lulls her right back to sleep . My only wish is that it would play a little longer as sometimes she will wake up when the bubbles and sounds stop if she is n't in a deep sleep . Otherwise , this is fantastic ! We use it everyday !
 We received this as a gift when my son was 6 months old . He just turned two this week and will STILL use it EVERY night . When he moved to a twin bed from his crib a few months ago , we had to attach to his new headboard because he loves it so much . Every night , he reaches up and turns on `` his fish '' then will restart it 3-4 times until he falls asleep.As far as battery life , we have been impressed . We are on our 2nd or 3rd set of batteries in 18 months and considering it is used every single night , I consider that pretty impressive.We are expecting another baby in two months and are definitely buying a second one for the new baby because we ca n't live without it !
 Be aware ! This product goes through 4 `` D '' batteries very quickly . I recommend using rechargeable batteries and even then having a backup set of 4 ready , as there is no low-battery indicator ... Your baby will get accustomed to falling asleep to the sounds , and when the aquarium suddenly does n't work -LRB- due to the dead batteries -RRB- , the baby -LRB- and you -RRB- get frustrated and the normal relaxing bedtime routine is upset .
 i got the ocean wonders aquarium as a baby shower gift , and all i can say is it is so awesome . My daughter is a year old and i still use it . Whenever i put her in bed , i just hit the button and she goes right to sleep . I usually only keep it on the wave or the rain sounds . it is just so peaceful , wish i had it in my room . Unlike a lot of toys that take sets of batteries one after the other , with the ocean wonders aquarium , i have yet to change the batteries -LRB- a whole year of not having to change them -RRB- how great is that . and like i said i use this thing everyday.the other day i caught my daughter even turning it on by herself and playing with it . her and i both love this toy and i would definently recommed it to anyone . A MUST HAVE !!!
 We received two of these for our baby and are keeping them both in case one decides to break or what have you . Every night we like to turn it on and our baby just loves to watch the bubbles and fish and see the lights and hear the sounds . It 's nice becaue there are a few different songs -LRB- twinkle twinkle being our favorite -RRB- and then multiple different `` nature '' type sounds -LRB- the crashing waves being the favorite -RRB- ... I have to highly recommend this to any new parent .
 I received this when my son was first born . He loves this toy . He would fall asleep to the soothing music while watching the lights and the fish move . Now he is 4 months old and will actually use this toy to let us know he is awake , in his crib . He has learned -LRB- at only 4 months old -RRB- to raise his foot up and hit the button to turn it on . My husband and I will find him in his crib turning it on and watching it until we come and get him , even in the middle of the night . He also likes talking to the fish . What a great toy .
 My son loves this toy !! Even at 19 months it is the first sound I hear coming from his room in the morning . He will lie there and watch it for a long time . I never used it to put him to sleep , but as an educational and fun toy . We call it his `` fishy tank '' and he shows everyone that comes in his room . I will tell him to play the music , and he turns it on and off himself . He enjoyed looking and listening to it at a very early age . Such a soothing and relaxing toy . My sister is due soon , and this is the first thing I bought her . We love it !!
 I received this as a shower gift . My son would watch it for a few seconds , but it never soothed him enough to get him to sleep . He 's 9 months old now and plays with it every morning , as he must think that 's my alarm clock . He can work everything on it by himself now and he enjoys the swimming fish as well as the rollerball and toggle . I am glad we have it , but wish it would have appealed to him long before now.Overall , a great product and was worth the wait for him to gain interest in playing with it.One suggestion for improvement would be that the music would play much longer than it does .
 This has to be one of the best baby shower gifts that I received . It made getting my baby to sleep through the night so much easier . Every time he would get fussy , we would turn it on and right back to sleep he would go . I definitly recomend this !
 The lights , the movement , the shushing sounds ... all keeps our baby occupied even as a newborn . He just stares at it . It 's great .
 I have this in my son 's crib . He loves it . I put it in when he was 3 months , i would turn it on for him and he would lay there and just watch the fish and bubbles & listen to the music . now that he can roll over i keep the button turned on and he can start it up on his own . the first time i heard it was in the middle of the night he woke up and rolled over and his hand must have hit the button . when i went in there he was just laying there listning to the music it was cute . I will be giving my best friend one for her little one on the way .
 My son loved this item from day 1 . At first it was just the music , which has a great volume control , that he enjoyed . After that it was watching the fish move and the fact that he could turn it on and off with the touch of the front panel . Also , you can have just music , lights and music or lights , music & bubbles , depending on what mood your child is in . If it was lighter , it would n't make me so worried about it possibly falling on his head ! Overall - we love it !
 We started using this toy when we moved our 4 month old daughter into her crib . The soothing music and lights put her right to sleep ! She 's now 18 months old , and we still have it in her crib . She turns the music on if she wakes up in the middle of the night , then she goes right back to sleep . And she plays with it when she wakes up in the morning . We are expecting another child , and I 'm definitely picking this up for his crib , too . We highly recommend this crib toy !!!
 I paid $ 65.00 Australian dollars for this toy which is quite expensive , but it 's worth it . I did n't buy it to solve any sleep problems , but was just looking for an interesting crib toy for my 3 month old daughter . She really enjoys it . It is visually and audibly stimulating and she could stare at it for hours . Good thing it shuts off after five minutes - otherwise I 'd go broke buying batteries for it !
 No other toy that our three week old received has captured his attention like this one has . Definitely one of his favorite toys if you can gauge him staring at it silently as it plays as him liking it . It keeps his attention for quite a while . My only wish is that it had an option of continuous play and different means to `` mount '' it on the crib since the supplied straps are n't long enough for his crib which is not a typical crib style . Still a great item though . Very solid and rugged .
 This is a great addition to any crib . My 6 week old daughter loves it and just sits and watches the fish swim around before she falls asleep . My only problem with it is that the music does n't play long enough and she 's too young to push the button herself so I find that I 'm going back in a few times to have the music play again .
 My son who is five months old got this for Christmas . I think that this toy was a great idea . My son loves to just lay in his crib and watch the lights . The only thing that I think should 've been taken into consideration was the blue button on the front . My son has now learned how to turn it on and off so every time he turns it off I have to go turn it back on which gets old after a while . Well other than that it is a great toy and we still love it .
 This toy is perfect for a high-needs baby who needs comforting to get to sleep at night . I LOVE this toy ! My son loves the nice soft lights and music . He ALWAYS had to be rocked by my husband or I to get to sleep -LRB- He 's 4 months old -RRB- . And now he looks at the lights and is calmed into sleeping , I do sneek into his room to turn it on again but it only takes a couple of times to get him off to sleep . I WISH this toy came with a remote control , so I would not have to sneek beside the crib and quickly push the blue button without him seeing me .
 I do n't know where to start , I think my comment sums it up . I really do n't know who prefers it more - my 4 month old daughter or me !!! It has fish that move , lights , music and real bubbles . The music can be turned up , or down , the lights moves around the bottom . It 's very sturdy and I think every child would love it . Well done Fisher Price an outstanding toy . Thank You .
 Got this for my shower , and I love it ! No obnoxious repetitive baby song sounds and soft fluid movements . The motor is a tiny bit noisy , but it does n't overpower the ambient feel . It 's so cute , too !
 We purchased this new version for my baby girl Isabel when she was 1 month . . At first I was dissapointed because Isabel payed no attention to it . . but by the time she was 3 months It worked . . I turn it on she turns her head to watch the fish grabs her blankie and within a couple of minutes she is calm ... sometimes I have to sneak in and press it again but never more than twice .
 This crib toy is a joy ! Our 6 wk old daughter has suffered from colic and the soothing sounds from this aquarium have saved us many nights where nothing has worked . It also has been a great tool for teaching her how to fall asleep on her own -LRB- something our first daughter did n't learn for 2 1/2 years -RRB- . It has a number of different settings , songs and sound effects ; plus , you can play it with or without lights and bubbles . We hold her until she is just lightly asleep and plop her down in the crib with the `` water running '' sound -LRB- no lights or bubbles -RRB- and she is usually asleep by the time the sounds end -LRB- if not , a quick press of the button and she is usually asleep by the time a second round of sound effects is finished -RRB- . I like the fact the sound ends and is not like a white noise machine since I teel it is important for a baby to hear all the normal house sounds when they are sleeping to adjust to the world . My only complaint is that the sound does n't last that long -LRB- 15 minutes might be a nice amount -RRB- and I agree with the other reviewer who said the sound should taper off at the end . Sometimes the abrupt end even startles me ! Other than that , it is a great toy !
 I bought this for my 2 month old . I was convinced it was broken because it has such a loud humming sound I had to turn the music up to drown out the hum . However , as it turns out , the humming is the hypnotic attribute . It 's very similar to the `` car '' and `` clothes dryer '' effect . I can rely on it to put baby to sleep and that 's good enough for me -LRB- not to mention the rest of the famly -RRB- !
 She has had it since she was 2 weeks old and has been enamoured by it from day one.She loves to lay on her side and watch the fish swim around to the music and soothing lights . She likes it so much that she begins crying immediately when the thing shuts off . She will lay in her crib , contently watching the show until it 's over . I love the music and the sounds are so calming to her.This is toy is great and just what I need to steal a few moment 's peace .
 My son is now 2 1/2 and loves his Aquarium . . he likes the feature that lights and dims throught the music playing as if it where a night light . Great for the music as well , it plays five different sounds . .3 sonds , rain and the ocean waves . I know a few of my friends have one as well and there kids used them for a long time as well .
 I love this aquarium and my 1 year old does too ! We 've been using this toy since my child was about 3 months old . This aquarium is one of the most valuable pieces of baby gear that we own . My one year old turns the music on before falling asleep and when he wakes up in the middle of the night . The pleasant tunes lull him back to sleep without parental intervention . Whoever invented this toy deserves an award !
 I bought this for my baby months ago , and she 's still playing with it at 1 year old . If she 's anywhere else besides her crib , she wo n't sleep without it . We have a cheap crib that has wide rails on the front and baxk , and sloping ones on the sides , so the only way it fits on her crib is with about 6 zip ties on it . Looks bad , but who cares , the baby is happy !
 I put my son to sleep for his naps with this music playing . He is just getting old enough to use it for its full potential . I do recommend it if not just for the different sounds . It is a little bit harder to install on cribs that are not the `` norm '' . I have a sleigh bed crib and it had to be put on the end versus the side .
 Young children just love this toy . Lights , sounds , music , bubbles and fish swimming . It is great on the side of the crib . It is the best-selling Fisher-Price toy on Amazon . It serves as both a toy and a sleep-soother . The aquarium concept is mesmerizing to the young child . The sounds include raindrops , babbling brook and ocean waves .
 This is a cute toy . We have the `` Danielle '' crib . This aquarium will not attach easily to the crib . It will only attach to the front of the crib and it sits at a slant , no matter how many times I adjust it . So , now it 's propped on the changing table . My daughter likes to look at it while she 's being changed , so it is not a complete waste of money .
 My mom just recently went out and got this for me and its wonderful ! My daughter loves this so much especially the bubbles and the fish ! The music is the best part though , it has about four or five songs and 3 different water sounds . Its so soothing that my daughter falls asleep so quickly while listening to it . It has 3 different options , - just music,-music and light , or - music , light , moving fish and bubbles ! Believe me , you wont regret purchasing this item .
 This is a wonderful addition to your crib !! My baby girl will contently lay and watch her fishies `` swim '' for the longest time . This was such a great gift which we received . We have had it for 5 months now , and use it quite regularly and still have n't changed the batteries.Highly recommended , there are many different modes for you baby to enjoy . Songs , waves , heartbeat , etc. .
 My daughter loves this thing . We have had it in her crib for many months . We used to turn it on to settle her for sleep , and she figured out how to turn it off and on herself . She just recently figured out how to change the music settings . She will sometimes turn it on and fall asleep to it , and sometimes turns it on when she wakes up to relax in her crib for awhile -LRB- she is 15 months -RRB- . I highly recommend it . The tunes it play are nice and not too tinny like some electric toys . It does n't drive me nuts when i hear it through the monitor . I find myself humming the tune during the day sometimes ! .
 We plan to buy this for all of our other friends with babies in the hopper . Our 7-week-old noticed it immediately -LRB- read
 I love this toy !!! It helps put my daughter to sleep everynight and in the morning she pushes the button and listens to it and plays . It is the best !!!!
 I bought this b/c my niece & nephew loved theirs -LRB- older version -RRB- . I am very happy with ours , my daughter likes it , especially at night with the lights , and the different songs soothe her to sleep . I rarely use the bubbles/swimming fish because the motor is loud & it does not stay on very long . Other than that , I play the music at every nap time .
 My son has had his since he was 3 weeks old . It works wonders ! It 's a great distraction if your baby does n't want to sleep . And after a couple rounds of waves and bubbles , my son just passes out . It was a life saver when we were trying to get my son to fall asleep on his own . He loves watching the lights . His favorite sound is the waves but they all work great . One feature I really like is the ability to control the volume . When my son 's crying I turn it up , and when he 's dosing off , I turn it all the way down so he can barely here the waves . It 's a wonderful gift and I 'm so glad I received it . I gave durability only 3 stars because my son is only 4 months old , and I would n't be able to rate it from experience .
 This item was originally in the crib my twin boys shared . My husband and I turned it on every night to lull them to sleep - worked like a charm ! As my boys got older , we seperated them into their own cribs . My one son that has this in his crib , he enjoys playing with it each morning . I know my sons are awake when I hear him playing with the buttons on the front of this aquarium . He shreaks with laughter -LRB- which in turn makes my other son thrilled ! -RRB- when he is turning the volume up and down.My only complaint is , it can be hard to keep this secured to the crib . I wish the plastic straps on the back were thicker , so they did n't come off so easily . Even if this toy does come off , my son is safe to play with it thankfully . : -RRB-
 We 've had this in our 4 month old son 's crib since he was born , and it 's a great way to get him mentally ready for a nap or a night 's sleep . Volume control could go a bit lower , though .
 We love this toy . It works so well to lull our daughter to sleep . I 've had it in her crib since she was a month old and this works wonderfully to put her to sleep on her own . She loves the music and watching the lights . I think the bubble feature is too loud and it drowns out the music -LRB- also not soothing -RRB- . We have the aquarium bouncer and do n't have this problem , but we just do n't use the bubble feature on the crib aquarium because of that . I also love that the music has volume control . I have several friends expecting babies in the next 6 months , and I am definitely getting them one of these .
 Because my son is only 3 months old , I do n't know how educational or durable this toy is , but I do know that it has worked wonders on soothing my baby . It seems durable though since I have dropped it and it still works . I also imagine it is educational since you can teach the baby about fish , clams , bubbles , music and what ever else you make of it . We had our son in a bassinet for his first month and when we switched him to his crib , he wanted nothing to do with it . Luckily I hung up the aquarium before I went crazy and it calmed him down so much that he fell asleep . Every night I would turn it on and he would fall right asleep . He now goes to sleep without it , but I still use it when I need to get the dishes done and when I take a shower . He loves to just stare at it and coo at it . I also love that the music has volume control and is very relaxing . It also plays long enough to sooth the baby and for me to get things done unlike other items that play for only 2 minutes.I love this item . I only wish it had a remote control !
 A friend of ours gave this to us for our baby shower and we 're so glad that they did . Our daughter who is 7 months old loves this toy -LRB- it 's been in her crib since she was a month old -RRB- . It has helped calm her when she was fussy and also helped her go to sleep . As soon as we press the button and the sound of the ocean is playing , she always focuses her attention to the toy . We definitely recommend this for anyone looking for a crib toy for their baby . It 's a must have !
 Now that my son is 5 months old , he loves this aquarium . It keeps him entertained for quite a while . My only complaint is that once the aqauarium is installed in the crib , the bumper does n't fit properly . He also tends to hit his head on it when he picks his head up . He loves it too much for me to remove it .
 We received this as a gift and I 'm very disappointed with the quality of the product . It would be a great item IF IT WORKED ! We 've replaced ours twice and neither of them worked ! ... What should be a great item is n't , all because ours wo n't work . It will work if its held a certain way , almost as if there was some kind of short in it . Very disappointing .
 We bought this item on a friend 's recommendation and were not disappointed . The Ocean Wonders Aquarium is great for ages birth to one year + because it offers soothing music -LRB- a nice selection of three tunes in very mellow chords -RRB- as well as optional muted lights and bubbles . The only criticism we had is that the fish and other aquatic inhabitants in the box make a racket and you can not turn them off like you can the music and lights ; it 's a though you are forced to listen to the plastic motion of the pieces over the soothing sounds of ocean waves , bubbles and/or music . The price is about right for a crib toy and it 's a sturdy unit so do n't worry about breakage if your little one reaches out to touch .
 I first put this in the crib , only to find my daughter not able to touch it . The straps only worked on the sides of my crib for a good fit . So I decided to attach it to the changing table . This worked out great ! I am able to keep my daughter entertained with the bubbles and fish moving around while I change her . I even used it for the night changes and adjusted the sound so it would n't wake my husband . She is 6months old now and loves to touch the ball to make the clam open his mouth .
 My daughter has had the Ocean Wonders Aquarium for over a year now and she loves it just as much as I do . When she was only a few months old , it was the only thing that would put her to sleep . The volume , sounds -LRB- music and effects -RRB- and light/bubble controls are behind the front display -LRB- but easy for parents to get to -RRB- so curious cruisers are pretty much unable to adjust them . There are several different settings available ; for example , music with lights and no bubbles or water sounds with just lights.Other than a blanket , I keep toys out of her crib , so I like that this aquarium hangs safely out of harms way from the crib rails . Now when I put her down for naps , she 's not alone sitting there with only her blanket ; if she needs a few minutes before she 's ready to sleep , I hear her hit the large blue button on the front of the aquarium and music starts to play . She is able to turn it on all on her own and she watches/listens until she falls asleep . That 's also how I know if she 's awake from her nap . Through the monitor , I hear that soft music and I know my little girl is ready to play!This is truly such a blessing - it 's entertaining , lulling and nice to look at . She hardly ever fusses before naps and I know this aquarium is to thank . Instead of crying to get out of her crib , my daughter is able to calm herself at the push of a button !
 I had the older version for my daughter , who is now 4 1/2 , and when I went to use it for my 3 month old son I realized that I had left the batteries in it and they exploded , ruining the aquarium . I was very happy to find that Fisher Price still had the aquariums on the market and that they were `` updated '' from 4 years ago . We got this model for our 3 month old son for Christmas and he absolutely loves it . He loves it with the lights , bubbles and music all going at once . When we took it out of the package and turned it on for him , he stared at it for 20 minutes . I recommend this to anybody with an infant !!
 My son has been using this toy since he was only a few weeks old . At first , the sound and lights lulled him to sleep . Now , he uses the toy to entertain himself . If he wakes up in the middle of the night , he 'll turn on the toy and put himself back to sleep.This toy has been put through the ringer for 10 months and it 's wonderful ! It 's on my ` Top 10 Ca n't Live Without List ' . NOTE
 We bought the aquarium when the baby came home . I almost returned it when the baby was one month old since I did n't think we 'd use it since we had a mobile too . I 'm so glad we did n't . My husband and I agree that this is a must have . Our daughter watches her ` aquarium ' TV all the time . She even turns it on during the night and watches it and goes back to sleep.As another reviewer said , it does have a loud motor but I 'd take the noise of the motor given how much our little one loves it . She 's used it EVERY nap and sleep time in the last 4 months .
 My son spent his first night in his crib with this at 6 weeks old , and is still using it at 2 years old in his bed . Initially the sound put him to sleep as the moving fish were too loud . Now it is the moving fish that lull him to sleep and he can live without the music . A great buy !
 Both my children love this aquarium . They like the activities on the front and the different tunes .
 This toy was given to me at my babyshower and I do n't know how we ever would have lived without it . Everytime our 8 month old son cries at night we give him the pacifier and hit the aquarium . It seems to be very calming to him at night . We love how it lights up so the babies can see the water bubbling and the fishes . The problem with most mobiles is that at night it is too dark to see them moving around . The only suggestion I have for this is to get a remote for it so you could turn it on without the baby seeing you . Great toy for any new baby coming .
 My daughter had her first experience with this toy when she was in the hospital with RSV last Thanksgiving . We knew then that she had to have one . Her aunt bought her one for Christmas , and I do n't know how we ever lived without it . She used it to fall asleep every night and entertain herself every morning when she woke up ! We took it out of her crib at 15 months , because it was aiding her in catapulting out of her crib . :| She still loves it , however , and I know she 'd have it in her crib for much longer if she were n't an escape artist ! Even with the mere year of true ` use , ' it HAS to be worth every penny ... -LRB- even if they were n't technically my pennies -RRB- . : -RRB-
 I bought this for my daughter when she was just a few months old!Here we are 3 years later and she is still using it!We now have it on her toddler bed , so that when she wakesup during the night she can push the button to play musicto soothe her back to sleep ! She absolutely loves it !
 I bought this after losing the newer ocean wonders with the large fish in the middle . I loved it but this older one was cheaper . Works great and I like the volume knob vs the 3 preset volume levels on the newer one . That way you can set the exact volume with the rotary knob .
 I bought this aquarium after seeing how well it worked for my nephew and have now owned it for 2 years . Over time it gets noisier and the fish move more slowly -LRB- even after replacing the batteries -RRB- , but I think my daughter has grown accustomed to it . As an infant she would stare at it and sometimes kick it on with her feet ; now that she is a toddler she turns it on and off at will , and often changes the music selection on her own . It may not be the most perfect crib attachment out there , but it depends on what you are looking for . I personally would not like something that projects images onto the walls or ceiling , but that 's just me . This aquarium runs for about 2 minutes before turning off . Overall my daughter and I like the aquarium , and she will play with it some mornings while she 's waking up . Depending on what you 're looking for , I would definitely recommend this item .
 I could n't ask this question better myself . I 'm beating myself up over trying to figure out the name of that tune.from
 We received this as a present for our first baby about 7 years ago . We also received the mobil that coordinated with her bedding set . Right off the bat she preferred her fishy thing over the mobil . Has anyone ever noticed that the mobils are geared more towards making the nursery seem more complete than actually engaging the baby ? The little plush figures are RARELY ever pointed down toward the baby , but rather staring stupidly out at the parents adoring faces . I digress . Anyways , my daughter LOVED her aquarium and was a little miffed that when she moved into her big girl bed she was n't able to bring it with her . We had another baby though and he used the same exact aquarium that she was gifted three years previously . He loved it just as much as she did and she was more than willing to share it with him . Now , we are expecting a third child and instead of even thinking about getting a silly mobil we will be purchasing another aquarium . We would use the original one , but alas ... after almost 7 years of hardcore play half of the water has mysteriously vanished from the devise , it does n't always work properly even with new batteries and honestly it is time for it to be replaced . LOVE IT !
 The Ocean Wonder aquarium has lulled my son to sleep for the past 5 years ! He absolutely loves it and I am still able to hear the songs every night without going crazy . Having the options for different levels of stimulation is great . Our daughter liked the lights and soft music only , whereas our son wants the lights , music and bubbles going full blast . When we moived him to a toddler bed -LRB- sleigh bed style -RRB- , the aquarium got strapped to the foot board . When he moved to his bunk bed , the aquarium is strapped to the underside of the top bunk . I assume he 'll not want to take this to his dorm room someday , but as of now it is still an integral part of our going to sleep process .
 I am very pleased with this toy and it was received in a timely manner in excellent shape . My grandson lives with us and his room was on the dark side so it gives him comfort to have the light and music to go to bed with .
 I love , love , love this aquarium and wish they made one for adults . My baby has been soothed from the moment it was placed in her bassinet .
 I use the toy when my grandson gets fussy . The toy calms him down . He loves watching the moving fish . The music , lighing , and bubble effects appear to soothe him.I also use the toy for play time . I point out the items in the tank and say the names . He smiles and makes baby noises . He is alittle young , but it makes our time together more fun.This toy exceeded my expectations .
 This is a wonderful toy . I have had it since she was about 1 1/2 old . I wanted her to have music to soothe herself to sleep . It worked wonderfully . It has different settings one with music , lights and the fish swiming , then one with just music & lights , then one with just music . It has different songs , and sounds . I try to play different ones at nap time , and night time . At first we just played it with the music , since she never really watched the lights . But when she hit about 2 1/2 months , she started watching the fish and lights . Now she 's 6 months old and since about 5 months she started to turn the music on and off , and play with the little features . She is still so intriqued by it , and loves the fact that she can do it herself . Good job Fisher Price .
 I figured I might as well buy this since I had the Aquarium bouncer and swing thinking the baby would be use to the fish and the music from all 3 . I WAS RIGHT ! Regardless if you have the bouncer and swing I highly recommend this . Our 6 week old has colic and this has helped tremendously at night . When all the lights are out it has such a wonderful glow , the ocean sound really does the trick for our baby . The bubbles produced makes the fish move around and the bubble sound itself is very soothing . If I had to think of one bad thing it would be that there is no remote control for it , which would be very nice and useful .
 My baby falls asleep watching it . The combo of the sounds and lights work wonders . Great buy . The entire aquarium set is great !
 I have twin baby boys and they love this crib toy . Not only do they like playing with it but I turn it on for them when I put them down and it really seems to comfort and sooth them so they will lay down until they fall asleep . From birth until 18 months -LRB- which is how old my boys are now -RRB- this toy is still of interest , unlike a lot of other stuff I have purchased .
 10 month old wakes up , stands up and plays with it - nothing better than that !
 This is probably one of the best things I have received for my 7 month old daughter ! We got it at the baby shower before she was born , and let me just say THANK YOU !! Every night when we put her to bed , we turn it on , and she just stares at it . She loves watching the lights and the bubbles , and the music is great . We can pick water sounds or lullabyes and w / in 10 minutes she is out like a light ! I have a few dislikes about it though . The thing inside that makes the bubbles is kinda loud , and if you turn the music down too much , that 's all you hear . And the lights get dull after a few times . I think it would look nicer if they would 've used soft blue or green lights , but it does make good use for a nite light to peek in on them at night . She will wake up and hit it with her hand and turn it on , but she 's still too young to push the lever down and I think that they kinda goofed there . All in all , it is a great thing to own , and I highly recommend it to new moms and dads .
 My infant son is intrigued by the bubbles , lights , and movement of the fish . As long as he enjoys this , I am thrilled . I rated this product four stars because of 1 -RRB- the challenge we had installing the batteries , 2 -RRB- the music , although soothing , can sound depressing , and 3 -RRB- I wish the buttons were actually labeled `` on/off '' versus lines and circles ... I 've left it ` on ' by mistake -LRB- draining the batteries -RRB- . We received this as a gift and we have an appreciation for aquatics so we ca n't complain .
 This product has been a great addition to our 4 mth old son 's crib since he was a newborn . The soothing bubbles & lights along with soft music help him fall asleep without fail . My only wish is that it would play longer or come with a remote control . It plays for about 5 minutes , and sometimes 5 minutes is n't long enough to get him to sleep and having to keep getting up to hit the play button is inconvenient for me.Overall , we coud n't live without this , my son is mesmerized by the movements of the fish & bubbles and the lights emit the perfect glow in his room .
 This is a great toy for newborns . My son is 4 months old and is still peacefully falling asleep to it each night . The music is very soothing that I could even fall asleep to it over the monitor . Great gift for new parents !
 We received the Ocean Wonders Aquarium as a shower gift from our registry . When we first tried it out , we discovered that it played 3 new-agey tunes and 3 ambient sounds -LRB- rainfall , waves , and gurgling water -RRB- . It plays at 3 levels
 My 5 week old daughter is having a terrible time with gas which is making her cranky and wrestless at night . We bought this and she slept 6 hours the first night we tried it . Plus when she woke up in the morning I turned it on and instead of screaming like usual she watched the aquarium while I changed her diaper . This has been a god send for me .
 While the sounds on this are a bit loud , it allows him to focus on that instead of other distracting sounds . He loves to play with it and turns it on himself before he goes to sleep . It does n't keep him awake and when he kicks it by accident in the middle of the night , it does not wake him up . I do n't have the Peaceful Planet Aquarium to compare it to , but the Ocean Wonders Aquarium has worked wonders at our house . We 've had it on his crib since he came home from the hospital . He loves it .
 If I had read these reviews ahead of time I probably would not have bought this - and that would have been a mistake . I agree with the other mothers - this is probably not good if you are looking for the something to make your baby sleep . My child is just starting to take in his surroundings more - and it is a wonderful something to stare at . He loves it ! And I feel so much better than if he were watching TV - which he does stare at . Plus - I can put him in his crib while I do other things - and he his happy & all smiles !
 This is a must for your baby 's crib . My daughter picked this out for her new brother and it was a huge hit ! Even when my son is cranky this will help calm him . Great for helping soothe your baby to sleep .
 I bought this for my son when he was about 4 months old . He is now 17month and still loves it . He ca n't go to sleep without it . He loves lessioning to the music and watching the fishes . He doesnt care for the ocean sounds part . I hate that it takes D batteries seems to last awhile I only change them every 3-4 months , which I do n't think it to bad considering how often he lessions to it .
 Our son loves this aquarium and so do we . It really helps him go down to sleep easily on his own . It must be the soothing , bubbles and music . The dim lights are great too . This is especially helpful after you remove the crib mobile.A must have baby item . Easy to attach to any crib !!!
 This is a `` must have '' in my opinion . The Ocean Wonders Aquarium was a shower gift . My daughter is almost 4 months old , and she has slept in her crib since she got home from the hospital . Because of the soft , soothing sounds of the Aquarium , she has never been fussy when it is bedtime , and we have been able to establish a ritual very easily . She watches it every night as she drifts off to sleep . My husband and I love watching her look at it as she tries to keep her eyes open . I think that every baby should have this little gadget !
 puts my baby in a calm state . she loves it and it does not ` eat ' the batteries like the older model .
 Great ! The only down side is it really uses the batterie . We purchased a battery charger for the baby `` equipment '' . Well worth it .
 I read reviews that said that this was loud but wanted to try something to get my daughter to sleep in her crib . She will not only fall asleep in her crib at night but if she wakes up , I turn this on and she goes right back to sleep.It is a bit loud but only adds to the distraction for her . Even with my other two children running & screaming , she was able to fall asleep with this.The only thing I do n't like is that it only lasts 5 minutes and turns off . I thought that I read somewhere that motion turns it on but unfortunately it does n't . The five minutes is n't too bad since she usually falls asleep quick.Overall , I will buy this for baby presents from now on . I never had anything like this in the crib with my other two children and I wish that I did . I think they would have learned to sleep better .
 I bought this for my 4month old son to keep with his aquarium theme and he loves it . He will stay in his crib and play with it for a while before falling asleep . He loves to turn it on and off .
 Our 6-month old loves this toy . We recently attached to the inside of his crib and more often than not , he now puts himself to sleep with it . When tired he goes in the crib and for the next 10-15 minutes he amuses himself by hitting or kicking the large front button , turning the aquarium on on off . My wife and I laugh as we hear the music turn on and off , on and off , on and off mixed with the sounds of our son banging on the front of the toy -LRB- very durable -RRB- . Then he simply falls alseep to the gurgling water sounds .
 All three babies -LRB- 2Girls 1Boy -RRB- love this product !! They have had it in their cribs from the time they were born , using it now more than ever at 8months . It made us laugh the first time they learned to put on themselves , as if they had a personal entertainment system in their crib -LRB- good thing the volume can go low enough not to disturb anyone else -RRB- . At times they may put it on in the middle of the night , without having to wake us to entertain them , by the time the music is over they have been transcended back to sleep . One of the best purchases made thus far !!!! We give it 5 stars times 3 !!!!!
 WOW ... I received this as a shower gift . A friend had told me this was one of those ca n't live without baby items . I got it home after the shower and decided I did n't like it . To make a long story short , we went back to the store after our baby was born , since winding up her toys in her crib to get her to sleep became to time consuming . She loves her fish ... We turn them on for our baby every night . She likes the music and it has the perfect amount of light to see her and not to keep her awake . I tried switching it with a musical mobile and she keep looking to the side of the crib where the fish were ... A total must have for baby !
 My son has this in his crib . When he was just a little guy , I would turn on the music and lights when he went to sleep . Now , I put him in his bed at bedtime and he turns it on himself . In fact , he has figured out how to reach on the back and change the music and sounds !!! It is the greatest thing !!
 I resisted this . Whenever everyone is getting something , I shy away . But it turned out to be a real useful thing.My 5-month-old has yet to give the visuals a second glance , but he does enjoy the music and bubble-noise . I 've used it to get him back to sleep at night , and sometimes he even -LRB- accidentally -RRB- kicks it on when he 's restless , and it lulls him back to sleep . I have a feeling it 'll be a more deliberate comfort in the months to come .
 We do n't travel anywhere without my son 's Ocean Wonders Aquarium . We have never had any trouble getting him to sleep in strange rooms as long as we have this attached to the crib .
 I got this as a baby shower gift and I love it . The lights , sounds , and music are wonderful and my son loves it . Enjoys being able to turn it on and off when he wants .
 Our son loves this thing . He has woken in the night and turned it on all by himself , and then goes right back to sleep . It is amazing . It 's nice and dim , so you can use it to lull them to sleep at night . My son is 7 months old and we 've had this in his crib since he was 3 months . The older he gets , the more he likes it .
 My 6 mo. old son absolutely loves his `` fishies '' . He lies in bed staring at them in the morning when he wakes up , -LRB- mind you the fishies are off -RRB- . He 's so intrigued by them he starts talking to them in baby language for about an hour ! At night I turn it on for him to watch as he 's falling asleep , and the `` fishies '' work instantly . One thing that could make it better is selling it with a remote control to turn it back on when it turns off so baby does n't see you turn it back on . It stays on for about 3 or 4 minutes , wish it was longer ! I think this product was a great invention , & I recommend it to everyone .
 My baby loves this toy ! It puts her to sleep every night ! WHen I lay her in her crib she stairs at it as if she is saying please turn it on ! I played this for her the day we got home from the hospital , she is now 2 months and still loves it .
 I have the older version where the fish swin in circles , but my daugter is 22 mo. and still loves to watch it . She can turn it on herself now that she it older . The top rail of her crip is also too large for the straps so it just put them around two of the vertical rails . It just sits on the mattress . She loves to lay in front of it and watch the fish while going to sleep . Although it is 2 yrs old and the fish do n't `` swim '' anymore she still likes to look at it .
 This aquarium is great !!!! My son is 4 months old and we just put it on his crib . When I hear him fussing at four or five in the morning I turn it on and he watches it till he falls back to sleep . This gives his mom or dad two to three more hours of sleep . If you do n't have it ... get it . Its GREAT .
 This product is just wonderful . We were very happy when we brought it home and started it up . We jokingly said that if our son did n't like it , we would take it for our room , it was so soothing.My son loves the different songs and sounds from this . It is one of the few things that I can have playing while getting him down to sleep . He loves the sound of it . When he wakes up in the middle of the night , he can start it up himself and it helps him fall back to sleep.There are two buttons to `` play '' with but they really do not do that much but that is okay to me . I do not want this to be so busy that instead of going to sleep he would want to play with it all the time , which is what happened with our other mobile which we had to take down once he started standing.Our son is 9 months old now and we have really enjoyed this product since we got it for him at 5 months .
 We receieved this aquarium as a shower gift before our daughter was born . We did n't realize its power until she started sleeping in her crib in her room ... when she wakes up in the middle of the night and we 're trying to help her get back to sleep the setting featuring music and lights is WONDERFUL . She 's almost 10 months now and can really manipulate the on/off button on the front as well as the 2 toys . She enjoys the power of turning it on and off on her own . My husband and I have heard her turn it on over the monitor in the middle of the night and put herself back to sleep . She loves it . We love it . Much better than a mobile and can be used long after you have to take the mobile down .
 My mother-in-law gave the aquarium to my younger son for his first Christmas -LRB- he was 6 months old then -RRB- . He 's almost 1 1/2 and still loves the sounds , especially the ocean waves with the lights.Kevin 's first few months were difficult as we thought he had colic , and then was diagnosed with reflux -LRB- making him uncomfortable laying down -RRB- . I did n't think the aquarium would work , but it put him to sleep every time I used it . And he loves to play with the buttons in the morning when he wakes up , so he can entertain himself for quite a while.The only drawback is the setting with the bubbles , lights , and sound . The mechanism that generates the bubbles is a little loud and you have to turn the sound up to counteract that , which defeats its purpose at bedtime . But to me that is just a minor glitch . I just leave it set on music and lights at night .
 I received this as a shower gift . My daughter , now 9 months old , has absolutely loved it . When she was an infant it helped lull her to sleep and she enjoyed both the music and the sea sounds . Now she can play it herself and it is usually the music that wakes me up every morning . It keeps her happy in her crib for 1/2 hour to 45 minutes while I get ready for work . It does go through batteries , but I 've found it is worth it .
 The Aquarium has become a toy to my four month old son . He loves it . It gets the biggest smiles out of him , and I alway know when he is up from his naps . The only problem I had was attaching it to his crib . The crib has a wide side rail , my husband had to make new holes . now it 's up and used all the time
 I bought this for my nephews crib while he 's with me during daycare ... he 's used it since he was 6wks old ... some of the songs drive me nuts ... and i 've gone through about 3 sets of batteries -LRB- he 's 13 months now -RRB- and i need another set now ... but he loves it ... i 'll set it to bubbles and it helps him go to sleep ... when he wakes up ... he plays with it and i always know when he 's up so i can wrap up whatever i 'm doing cause i 'll hear it start up ... THIS is a definate must ... I do n't know what 'd we 'd do without it ...
 We had gotten this as a gift for someone , but they moved before we were able to give it to them . When my son was born we put it in the crib and turned it on when he went to sleep . It works like a charm . He will watch the lights and bubbles and it will put him to sleep . Recently we have heard him starting it again on his own -LRB- sometimes with feet , other times with his head -RRB- . It was a big suprise since he was only 5 1/2 months when he did this !
 WE have a 10 month old who has had this attached to his crib from day one . The music tells him that it is bedtime , after the bottle and cd playing through . Now that he can sit and stand in the bed , he keeps hitting his head on the start button . We travel often back to Bethlehem , PA to visit and this is almost the first item packed . Very cool and truly a lifesaver .
 My son has been able to get to sleep on his own with the help of this item since he was about 6 weeks old . I have to restart is a couple of times before he is asleep , but as soon as he hears it his eys start to fall shuit ! The bubble sounds and gentle music are very soothing ... they do not bother my sleep either -LRB- a plus ! -RRB- He is 10 weeks now and he has begun to turn it on by himself at times -LRB- it may be accidental , but I 'd like to think he 's a genius , lol ! -RRB- This item has been priceless to me and has helped my sanity !
 I agree with most people on this toy by F.P. It 's great and our 7 month old really likes it . The music is nice and soothing and having a volume adjustor is nice too . Definitely would recommend it to other families ...
 My son loves this thing ! He 's only three weeks old and after his 3am feeding he does n't necessarily want to get back into his crib . I just turn on the Ocean Wonders Aquarium and he 's instantly asleep . I love that it turns off by itself so I do n't have to sneak back into his room to do so . The only thing I maybe find fault with -LRB- and it is extremely minimal -RRB- is that our crib has unusually thick rails and we had to cut extra notches into the plastics bands to attach it to the side of the crib . It beats out any mobile since it has so many different settings , lights , and interacting buttons your child can play with when they get older . It 's so much easier to use , too ; just push a button and the music plays for a good ten minutes instead of winding a mobile that only plays for two .
 I bought this toy for my daughter when she was about 3 weeks old . At first , I was worried when I hooked it in her crib , she got really excited and started what appeared to be crying . But I think that was because there were so many things to see and and hear , she was just so happy . She watched it and started moving around in her crib , I thought at first she did n't like it and that I was going to have to take it back . After that initial shock , she started `` talking '' to it and just watching it very closely . She 's now 4 months old , and sometimes turns it on and off herself . This is really funny to see when we are in her room and also funny when we hear it during the middle of the night , since we have a monitor in our room listening to her . She adores this toy.As for the batteries , I do n't have the problem with it going thru batteries like some other reviewers mentioned . I just changed the batteries for the 1st time last week , and we really get a lot of use out of this toy . We turn it on to soothe her when we are changing her clothes or diapers , after a bath , before bedtime , and sometimes we just turn it on for her when she 's just laying and playing in her crib . Its a wonderful toy , and I do n't think the price is bad .
 This was a gift from some other new parents and I have to say , it 's right up there with the Leapstart learning table in Brendan 's `` favorite toy '' list . The tunes lull him to sleep almost every night and when he wakes up , it 's the first thing he goes for . In fact , I think he uses it to let us know , `` Hey , mom and dad , I 'm awake now ! `` At 15 months , he had already learned how to adjust the settings in the back - to change the song , play just music , music plus lights , or music plus lights plus water sounds , adjust the volume , etc. . When we put him down and he 's not quite ready for sleep , he happily plays with the aquarium for 20 , 30 or even 40 minutes with narry a complaint.I heartily recommend this to parents of young -LRB- crib-age -RRB- children . It may just help you maintain your sanity by making bed-time something to which your little guy or girl actually looks forward .
 My baby loves this ! The music is her favorite . I just turn it on and rock her and she is out . It also calms her when she is fussy . The bubbles and lights also keep her entertained .
 This aquarium has been in my daughter 's crib since the day she came home from the hospital . At first , my husband and I would press the button and she would lay quietly and listen to the soothing music -LRB- we do n't find it annoying at all -RRB- . After a while , when she would be laying near it , she could make it work by kicking it . I love the extra-large button and the fact that she can turn it off and on . Now that she 's sitting up , she will turn it on and off and play with the other two buttons . She loves to watch the fish and giggles when she hears the music . It 's a great cause and effect toy and it continues to keep her amused in her crib .
 I received this as a gift before my daughter was born and it has been in her crib since she moved into it at 10 weeks old . She just turned two and she still loves it . Every night when we put her to bed she turns on her `` shishees '' and it keeps her entertained if she 's not quite ready to go to sleep . It goes through batteries rather quickly , but maybe that is only because my daughter turns it on and off so much . This is a very safe and durable toy in my experience .
 This is intriguing even for a two-month-old . We have a very interesting mobile over my daughter 's crib and she ignores it -- she 'd rather watch her fascinating aquarium . This would be a great baby shower gift .
 We recieved this item as a gift and we love it . Its a great items to place in your baby 's crib especially when you are teaching them to fall off to sleep by themselves . It gently plays a tune and my baby loves looking at the fish bobble to and frow . We have other crib items and have found that this quickly gets our baby to sleep . Its okay on batteries but I wish that Fischer price would come up with a universal charger so I would n't have to buy so many batteries for our babies toys .
 I did not understand this in the beginning . It is very heavy and does not fit around the bars of the crib easily , especially with a bumper . Once I figured it out , I am in love with this product . I play it for my 3 month old before bed time and it soothes him right to sleep . When he is old enough to sit up , I am sure that he will love to look at it as much as he likes to listen .
 Having this in my son 's crib has been a life-saver ! It is the only thing that consistently has worked in helping him to fall asleep ... from birth to 10 months old now ! Amazing !
 Someone gave my son this , & I was n't that interested in it We started turning this on for my son when he was 3 months old . It will turn off by itself so it 's very nice for bedtime . He always liked it more than his mobile , which you have to take down when they can stand . Now he 's over 2 years old , & can run all the switches himself . I hear him turn it on in the middle of the night if he wakes up to help himself get back to sleep . It 's kind of like a night light that he can control . Every time I get him up from bed he shows it to me again & tells me all about it . He was having a hard time sleeping in strange cribs when we traveled . I started taking this with us & it has made a huge difference . After over 2 years of using it every day , he still loves it . How many toys can you say that about ? I 'm still grateful to the person who gave it to him .
 My five month old daughter loves this crib toy . Although , she is not old enough to play with the clam and star fish , she loves to watch the water bubble and the lights go on and off . It mesmerizes her . It has volume control for the music , which is a bonus , and the music that plays is very soothing and nice -LRB- same as the music on the Ocean Wonders Swing -RRB- . The only problem we had with this is about a month after we bought it the music and bubbles would only play extremely fast . I thought it was the batteries needing to be changed but when we changed the batteries it did the same thing so we had to exchange it . The new one is working like a charm and my daughter is back to happy nights of falling asleep to her Aquarium .
 I have 18 month old twins who are very good sleepers . However , I 'm quite sure that this product has a lot to do with that . They ` vehad them in their cribs since they came home from the hospital and go right to sleep . Now that they 're older they 'll even hit the button themselves if they happen to wake up during the night . The music lasts for about 10 minutes and is very soothing.I HIGHLY recommend this product !!!
 We started using this when our baby turned 3 months old , the same time when we moved him out of our bed and into his own crib . The comforting music helps block out other outside noises and has always helped soothe our baby to continuously sleep . Now our son is almost 5 months old and he 's started to learn to kick the music on and off himself and he still loves it !! This is a great product !
 The Ocean Wonders Aquarium was one of the last items I registered for but is by far , one of the best presents we have received for our newborn son . My husband and I used it from the first day our son was born and at two months of age , he still falls asleep to this music . For a newborn , the Ocean Wonders Aquarium is much better then any mobile as kids do not follow the moving objects until they are at least couple of weeks old but they do respond to sounds . The music is very soothing and will calm a crying baby in minutes . The downside - 15 mins of playing might not be enough so pressing the play button several times can be a pain expecially at night if you have a separate baby room . A remote control would be a great improvement .
 the part that soothes my 3 month old daughter the most -LRB- the bubbles , lights and music -RRB- only lasts for 5 minutes then shuts itself off . If I use this great product , I have to stay in the room until our daughter is completely out and keep turning it back on , this usually is about 20-30 minutes . We really like this and so does she , just wish the default shut off time could be adjusted to our preferences not a 5 minute automatic shut off . I 'd also like the music selection I choose to stay in the `` memory '' so that when we turn it on , we do n't have to fiddle with finding the `` right music '' every time.By the way , I know that the music and lights part lasts for 10 minutes before it shuts itself off . It 's soothing to our little girl too but not as much as the option with the bubbles.This is a really good product just needs a little tweaking by the manufacturer ...
 You never can tell if they 're going to like something or not . My daughter received this when she was 6 months as a xmas gift . She is now 18 months , and every day when she takes a nap , I know when she is awake b/c I can hear the music from behind her closed door . I think that she 's figured out that pushing the button makes Mommy come in . I call it her `` mommy intercom '' . I am pregnant with # 2 and intend to purchase another aquarium for the new baby .
 My 4 month old son absolutely adores this aquarium . He can be fussing in his crib , and as soon as he hear the music , he looks at his aquarium and grins . This one appears more durable than the original model we had for my first son . It 's so soothing , we plan to buy a second aquarium for over Gramma 's house . Great overall and fantanstic for the money !
 My son has this aquarium on his crib and he loves watching the fish swim around and the bubbles and lights.The music is very soothing and puts him to sleep.Get this for your crib !
 we loved this toy . My son used his up to when he got a big boy bed and now our new daughter is using the same one . THey both loved turning it on and off watching the bubbles and it has so many options on music to no music . My daugter can not sleep with out it . A for sure buy for any baby .
 My son is only 10 weeks old , but I turn on the aquarium every night and he 's asleep within two cycles . He loves the Brahm 's Lullaby song the best . My only thought on improvement would be that that the Brahm 's Lullaby pauses during the song just to restart up at a `` startling '' sound level . This sometimes makes my son who is just about asleep open his eyes again . Perhaps adjusting the sound level at that part or getting rid of the silent pause would be more relaxing and soothing to babies .
 This has been on my daughter 's crib since she was 4 months old . She is over 2 years now , and it is still played with everyday . The music might get a little repetitive after a while to the adult , but that obviously does n't bother her ! I have a newer style crib with thick top rails , and I was able to fit it on without any problem . It has been the toy that has had the most play and longest lifetime out of any that my daughter has had .
 I have used this toy for two kids now and it is the best . When nothing eles would get them to sleep in their crib this toy worked . My two month old just loves to watch it , and it plays for a good amount of time so that the child can watch it and actually have time to fall asleep . I only wish it came with a remote for more convince . I owned the older version for my other child and it ate up batteries , but this version seems to be ok . It has been used for 9 weeks now and still has the orginal batteries in it . I would recommend this toy to all .
 I think the version I have is a newer version than the one in the picture online . My version plays different types of music and it has several other sounds , such as raindrops , ocean sounds , etc. . The music it does play is very pretty . The lights come and go and move throughout the toy very gently . I do n't like to leave a night light on for my baby , so I just turn this on , and by the time the lights go off , my baby is asleep and I do n't have to go back ant turn off lights . She 's only 4 months old , so she does n't play with it yet , so I ca n't comment on that . She does sometimes kick the button to make it go on , and it 's very easy for her to do . I 'd have given it 5 stars if it had the option of having just the lights with no music , so I could just turn on a CD .
 Evey little baby should own one of these ! We registered for this simply because we thought it would soothe our little one to sleep and we were right ! The different melodies are great but there is one song in particular that will instantly calm my baby and put her in la la land ! We have yet to change the batteries and its been almost three months ! Three months of day in day out use . The soft lights are mesmerizing and the bubbles are soothing . Even Mom and Dad look forward to falling asleep to it at night ! -LRB- we can hear it through the monitor -RRB- We took a trip to CA recently and made sure to pack it in her suitcase ! This product is so amazing I would take it everywhere if I could ... they should make a travel size version !
 My daughter started enjoying the lights and music in her crib at about 3 or 4 months . We would lay her down , turn on the song , and she 'd be content . It 's great that you have several songs and sounds to choose from , and the lights and water really caught her little gaze . Now at one year , she turns it on and even changes songs herself . She likes to play with the little gadgets on the outside that make the starfish and clam move inside . I 've only had to change the batteries twice so far and it 's still running wonderfully , unlike a similar aquarium that my sister had for her baby . This one 's a great investment for your baby 's bed !
 Overall this toy is an good choice . It calms baby with music and sounds . Our baby seems to like the Ocean Waves sound best . To be honest , it sound more like Mom or Dad softly saying `` shhhh ... '' when you 're trying to calm your upset baby.The lights are soft enough to soothe your baby and give him something to focus on , but not bright enough that he stays wide awake . Of course the timer is always nice , but sometimes it seems like it goes off just a little too soon and the baby wakes back up when you have to go back in and turn it on again .
 My husband had to get this for our daughter even before she was born . At first she did n't know what to do with it , and it really did n't interest her , but as the months went by , she understood it better and learned how to push the buttons and watch the fish swim by . The best part about it is that we put batteries in it when she was born , and did n't have to change them till she was 8 months old . I thought that was great , since most baby toys use up batteries quickly .
 My 8 month old loves to play with this - but it 's not particularly soothing to him ! He plays with it in the morning so it buys us a few minutes of time , but I ca n't say I find it very soothing myself . It is loud -LRB- the motor -RRB- and you really have to turn the music up to cover the sound of the motor - and the lullabies are a bit tinny - I know what people mean now . It 's really , really cute - and he likes to play with it - but as for putting him to sleep or at least making him drowsy - has n't worked yet and we 've had it a few weeks . Maybe you need to start them on it earlier ?
 ok , baby not here yet but this wonderful little machine is now in my 5 year olds room , he is autistic with adhd and has become obsessed with this product , i havent had to fight as much at bed time and at night when he wakes from night mares he has used it to put himself back to sleep , wich is wonderful since i am only days away from due date and have my own trouble catching sleep , i am purchasing a 2nd one for the baby so i dont have to remove it from my older sons possetion
 I am a Ultra PICKY 1st time mom and after my intensive research , this is it !! Everthing works GREAT ! A MUST for all newborn ! I am addicted to play with it too ! = -RRB-
 This toy is the best . My one month old loves to fall asleep to music , and everynight we play it for him and he falls fast asleep . Also , it 's been a month now , and we have n't had to replace the batteries yet -LRB- and we use it alot -RRB- . The music will probably put YOU to sleep also , and I wish that it lasted longer for five minutes , so I did n't have to get up sometimes and hit it again , but other than that , a perfect toy .
 THIS IS THE BEST THING SINCE VELCRO !!!!! I PUT IT ON WHEN I PUT MY LITTLE SOPHIA TO BED WIDE AWAKE , AND THE NEXT THING YOU KNOW `` SHE 'S GONE '' TO SLEEP HEHE . I ALSO HAVE THE FISH BOWL , BUT SHE ISI N'T OLD ENOUGH TO PLAY WITH IT , BUT IT 'S NICE ALSO .
 Yes , the aquarium was very fun . My son got a kick out of the first -LRB- and subsequent -RRB- times he hit the button and the aquarium started to play . The batteries have finally worn out -LRB- 11 months later -RRB- , and I removed it from his crib . It 's more of a distraction than a soother . It 's hard enough getting him to sleep or take a nap without him being able to entertain himself and delay bedtime with this product.On a positive note , Jack seemed to really like this toy , and the spinner and lever were great in getting him to focus and handle small objects . He LOVES fish , so I think he must 've liked the fish in this aquarium as well , although he seemed more interested in pushing the buttons and lever.If your baby is the soothing-type -LRB- likes to cuddle , can fall asleep easily , likes to wake up and just hang out for awhile -RRB- this will probably delight you and your baby . However , if your baby 's like my son -LRB- highly distracted , cries upon waking because he dislikes his crib no matter what 's in it to occupy him , on the go all the time -RRB- this is n't the calming crib toy you 're looking for .
 I have been using the Aquarium since my daughter was put in her crib at about 1month and she loves it . It calms her down and she enjoys looking at the light and bubbles . I find this to be an excellent toy . The only thing is that I wish the bubble setting lasted longer than 5 minutes because sometimes it takes a little longer for her to fall asleep . It is also good because she can turn it on by herself . I would definitely recommend this toy .
 I really wanted the Fisher-Price Aquarium instead of a crib mobile that can only be on the crib until the baby is able to reach it and pull it down . I have the port-a-crib and very little space to hang a mobile . The aquarium fits the crib nicely and the songs and lights are very soothing . In the bubbler mode , though , the bubble motor makes quite a bit of noise that almost drowns out the music . Maybe i got a `` defective '' bubbler motor , but i 'll keep it for now and just use the music/lights mode and as my baby gets older the squeaky bubbler noise may not be so intrusive for day time play.Update
 My son is 9 mos . old and has loved this aquarium from day one . I do n't know why people complain about the noisy motor the motor is actually soothing !!!! I love the ocean wave setting . When my son wakes up in the middle of the night all I have to do is turn it on , and he goes right back to sleep . Sometimes he even activates it himself , and goes back to sleep !!!! It even puts my husband and I to sleep !!!! I love these fisherprice ocean toys !!!!
 When my son Elijah was 2 months old , we put the Aquarium in his bed to help him sleep at night . It has worked wonders for us . Not that it prevents it but it does help with babies with collic.Now he 's 9 months old and he literally presses the button to put on his songs at night . He 's really smart and this item has helped alot.The doctors were telling us that when babies are born , they get scared and fussy on the outside , because they 're use to the sounds they hear inside their mommy 's tummy . With the different sounds that the aquarium makes , this has become a 2nd mommy for him.I recommend this product to all new parents . It helped us and I 'm sure it 'll do the sme for you !!!
 This is such a fabulous toy , My son has had this toy since birth , he is a year old now , and still loves it . It has different settings , so you can choose lights , movement and sounds . My son falls asleep with it , and turns it on in the mornings and plays with the little star on it . This gives him some distraction in his crib , and a few more minutes of early morning sleep for me . This is a must have !!
 I bought this for our 10 month only and he loves it . He wakes up in the morning and plays with it a while before crying for mom or dad to come and get him which means a little more sleep for mom and dad !
 We got this as a Christmas present , and our baby loves it . The volume is adjustable , and the timer for the music plays longer than I expected . Also , our baby can turn the music off/on by himself . I was a little aprehensive when he started using it to pull himself up in his crib , but it has held up beautifully .
 I really enjoyed this toy . I gave it my sister as a baby shower present . She just had a baby . It 's now in the baby 's crib . And my 6 year old neice loves it . My sister and I love to listen to the music and the water it very relaxing . My 4 week old neice is very memorized by the sound and the fish swiming around . I would really recomend this for all baby 's and even very stressed out parents .
 My daughter has had this since birth . She is now 16 months and I ca n't imagine how many fewer nights ' sleep I would have had without it ! Listening to the 15 minute loop of all three songs on this is her prelude to bed -- it almost soothes me to sleep , too . I think people who expect this to be more ` educational ' are going a bit overboard -- it 's not meant to turn your child into Einstein ! Plus , my daughter has been turning it on and off at her leisure for months now , and spends a lot of her crib time talking to it -- she must be getting some stimulation out of it.The songs themselves are great -- not annoying like most baby toys that play music.This product travels well also -- I have packed it many times for overnights at Nana 's , when we went on vacation , etc. etc. -- and every time my daughter hears the songs , she knows it 's bedtime -- no matter where she is.I ca n't recommend it enough .
 My baby LOVES this -- the bubble motor mimics a heartbeat to soothe newborns and the music , lights and moving fish entertain them as the get older . There 's also a lever to spin a starfish and a roller ball to open and close a clam 's mouth.The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is the timer . With lights , music and bubbles , it only goes for five minutes which is n't always long enough . If there was a way to set the timer longer or have a remote control it would be perfect .
 I have always had trouble with my babies sleeping at night . This has helped tremendously . This is my fifth baby ; he sleeps very well thanks to this . He enjoys lying in bed watching the bubbles float up while being soothed by the calming tunes . My only complaint is that the songs and bubbles do n't last longer . I highly recommend this to help your baby love his crib !
 We LOVE this toy !!! I buy it for everyone of my friends whether they have registered for it or not . It is so soothing to my son in his crib . He is now able to kick it on and off with his feet and I find it sweet when I hear it playing on the monitor . The dim lights and soft music are very calming . I like the fact that you can choose from many different tunes and none are annoying . It is so cute how the fish swim around and it has caught my sons attention from day one . He is now 7 months old and still loves to turn it on by himself.The only bad thing is it goes through batteries very quickly and takes a bundle of them . Still I highly recommend it .
 This is the best thing every . Three weeks ago it took me two hours to get my 5-month-old to bed at night , and naps were non-existent . Now I read him a story , give him a bottle , then put him in his crib and turn on the aquarium and he goes right to sleep . Same for naps , he now takes three a day . I only gave it four stars though , because it would be nice if this had a few different settings . I 'd like to have bubbles , lights and music for ten minutes instead of only five . Or even if the fish moved during the 10 minute setting , that would be great . Otherwise , it 's fantastic and has saved my sanity .
 We were given this aquarium early in our pregnancy . My husband began playing it every night and holding it to my tummy . The first time we played it for our newborn she looked at it and fell asleep within a few minutes ! The music is so soothing , and the lights/motion are great too.However , I do wish it played longer than it does . It either goes 10 minutes with no motion or 5 with motion , and sometimes that is just not long enough . Our baby is just about asleep and it goes off . If we go in to start it again she often starts crying . I wish it had a continuous play option , or at least a longer play option . Other than that it is great !
 Recieved this as a shower gift and love it . . never had any problems with the function . Baby has watched fish from birth to now -LRB- 10 months old FEB 2004 -RRB- and is STILL captivated with the fish . It is so cute to see her spin the wheel and the lever for the little spinning starfish . Calms her down when she wakes up in the middle of the night or for naps ... however she knows how to turn it off and on and delights in that so it 's purpose now is more so a toy than a soother as I have to keep turning it back on for her and she now thinks it is a game . This travels well also ! I have all the Ocean Wonders Brand equipment -LRB- Bouncer , Swing , etc. . -RRB- and have been impressed with them all ... SEE OTHER REVIEWS . . any questions email me !
 This is the best !! It 's attached to my daughters crib and all I have to do is lie her down in her crib and turn on the Aquarium and she 's off to sleep . I would recommend the Ocean Wonders Aquarium . It 's gets a 5 from me and my baby .
 This toy leaked its toxic juice all over my son 's crib . My son and I enjoyed this product until it became a health hazard .
 My son wo n't fall asleep without this on . He loves the music and the lights . He is only 2 months old and we 've already replaced the batteries once because he uses it so much . He also likes listening to it and looking at it when he is awake in his crib . It makes it much easier for me to get things done while he is being entertained by his aquarium .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 6 weeks old . Before she would never put herself to sleep or lay alone for very long . Now , we lay her down , talk and/or sing to her , turn on her `` friends '' , and she will put herself to sleep . Almost every night she wakes up after the first half hour . I just simply turn the aquarium back on and she is out for the night ! I do n't know what I would have down without this toy ! I know my back appreciates it .
 This has been a fixture in our daughter 's crib from the first week , and she 's been fascinated from the start by the lights , sounds and motion . Ever since she learned how to turn it on by herself , it 's hardly ever off ! My one `` complaint ''
 I like this toy but I liked the older , discontinued version better . I like how it has a bigger display area and toy 's so baby can play but I miss how the other one was shaped like a little fish bowl and it did a kind of picture show on the cieling . This is still a great product just I do n't see how it 's been upgraded much . In fact , it seems to have been downgraded .
 I think this is great . My son loves to stare at it for time on end but the only downfall is that it only stays on for about five -LRB- 5 -RRB- minutes and then turns off .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 3-1/2 months old and she loves it . Everyone raved about the Peaceful Planet Aquarium , but I could n't find it anywhere -LRB- unbeknownst to me that it was no longer made -RRB- , so I bought the Ocean Wonders . The OW has worked on getting my daughter back to sleep numerous times . She loves to stare at the fishes and the lights . We very rarely use the lullabies , we use the option of the bubbles . I find that the motor sound is not that bad when the bubble option is in use . Now , it is a bit heavy , but the straps have held it on to our crib pretty well . One negative aspect of this toy is that it does n't play for very long -LRB- only about 5 min or so -RRB- , so sometimes we have to go back into her room and turn it back on . Other than that , I 'm quite pleased with the Ocean Wonders .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas when he was only 2 weeks old and I love it ! I put him in his crib at night , either completely awake or partially asleep and it puts him right to sleep . It plays several different sounds as well as several different songs and the volume control is great . You can just have it play music , lights and music or lights , music and bubbles , or have it completely turned off . Sometimes he wakes up it the middle of the night and just by moving his arms he will bump the switch and put himself back to sleep -LRB- I hear it playing over the monitor -RRB- . Sometimes he will turn it on in the morning and I get an extra 1/2 hour before I have to get him . The light on it is great as well especially if you just want enough light to see by . I ca n't wait until he can sit up and play with the star fish and the clam !! I have n't had to replace the batteries yet but at this point , I mostly only play the music at bedtime or whenever my son accidently turns it on by himself .
 I was recommended this toy by all my friends & family members.Although they had the 1st version & did complain about the older model eating through the batteries . I tried finding the older version as I really wanted the feature of having the projection picture on the ceiling but had no luck . But , now I realize that this version is much better !! It does n't eat through the batteries , and it has so many different musical sounds & options to choose from ! A sure hit for my 5 month old !! She loves to turn it on & off herself . This is a must have !!!
 If I had to choose only one toy for my baby from all that he had in the first three years , this would be it . Hands down . He was facinated by the sights and sounds and UNLIKE so many baby toys that have music , this music was actually pleasant and easy to listen too . Beautiful classical music -LRB- Brahms Lullaby -RRB- and a very nice rendition of ` twinkle twinkle little star ' Twinkle Twinkle was so smooth and calming it took me awhile to realize what I was listening to because it was n't blaringly annoying . My sons crib was in our bedroom for the first 6 months and listening to this crib toy play music was so calming and pleasant , even for me . It is a definite must have for your little gem . It is the gift I ALWAYS give at baby showers .
 We 've had this for 2 months now , and it 's absolutely amazing . When our son is fussy and fighting sleep , we turn on the music and lights mode , and he 's mesmerized by it as he lulls off to sleep . He 's now 5 months old and enjoys batting at the ball and switch and turning the music on and off by himself . There are 4 music modes -LRB- Brahm 's Lullaby , Twinkle , Twinkle , a great soft new age sounding tune , and a mode that plays through all 3 songs -RRB- and 2 or 3 nature sounds to choose from , and the lights fade in and out in different places , which seems to captivate and soothe our son . I do n't know why others complain about the length of time it plays - mine plays for 15 minutes continuously , and is usually still going after our son is sound asleep .
 My son really loves this . We bought it when his mobile broke and now that we have a new mobile , he still loves this . It 's easily accessible to him , even as we lowered the mattress in his crib . He can kick the blue button to turn it on . We 've owned this for about 4 months , used it every single night -LRB- and naptime ! -RRB- and only just recently did we need to change the batteries . I think it 's a good product , very reasonably priced , and does exactly what it 's supposed to .
 This one is a favorite because :1 . Parents -LRB- and older babies and toddlers -RRB- can choose from several options , depending on how much activity or quiet is desired . At naptime , parents may opt to have only the music play , soothing baby to sleep . At playtime , the toy can be set so that the fish `` swim , bubbles go up through the water and music or the sound of bubbling water plays .2 . The music is absolutely delightful , NOT that awful , tinny music that so many toys have . It really sounds like there is an orchestra inside the toy , fostering an early appreciation of GOOD music . There are 3 tunes as well as the sound of bubbling water for those times when music is n't preferred . The music is soothing , gentle and lovely to listen to .3 . Young babies can simply watch the fish swim and listen to the music . As they get older , they can interact with the toy , pressing buttons or rolling a ball to make a clam open and close its mouth - or a starfish spin . Delightful ! 4 . The toy is sturdy , having survived several falls without a single crack , as well it should -LRB- since it is for babies -RRB- . A lovely addition to any nursery !
 The Ocean Wonders Aquarium is fantastic . I was having a hard time getting my 3 month old to sleep at night . I turn the aquarium on without the bubbles and turned on the sound of the womb and he is lulled to sleep . We have also started using it at nap times now . He loves to talk to it -LRB- he 's 5 months now -RRB- . He 's also started to play with the lever and ball to move the star and clam in the aquarium . I like when a toy is appropriate for many months instead of just one stage in their lives !
 We purchased this because a friend recommended it to us . When our little guy was a baby and he would wake in the middle of the night , all we would have to do is go in and press the button and back off to sleep he went.Now that he is 29 months old ... he presses it himself to fall back to sleep ! He is in a `` big boy '' bed & we had to screw the thing to the wall because he loves it so much ! This is the greatest sleep tool ever !! LOVE IT !!
 I received this as a baby shower gift for my first son and , after 22 months , he still loves it ! It 's soothing and interesting to watch . If he wakes in the middle of the night , he turns this on and falls back to sleep . We just bought another one for our second son who is 4 months old . Wonderful product , I 'd recommend it to anyone .
 We hooked up the aquarium to our son 's crib since he was a newborn . First , it was something to just look at and listen to . The variety of songs and water sounds are calming . We like that you can change the volume level . The bubbles and changing lights are also soothing . As he got older , he discovered it could do things by accidently flailing his arms or kicking his feet into the button/levers . This became a huge bonus lately -LRB- at 8 months -RRB- , as he now entertains himself when he puts himself to sleep and wakes up . He actually looks forward to bedtime now that he can remember the aquarium is there to play with until he is tired enough to lie down and go to sleep on his own . It 's fun to wake up and find him happily playing with the aquarium in the morning .
 I purchased this when I was pregnant only because I wanted everything with the aquarium theme ! But boy when my son was born I realized it was all worth it ! He would ' t fall asleep unless this was on and he could see the light ! Only thing I did n't like much was that my son wanted it on ALL NIGHT and the batteries would die about every week so just in case keep EXTRA batteries on hand for this one !
 I was dying to get one of these little aquariums after I read so many reviews on them , but there are two things to keep in mind ! 1 -RRB- Definitely check out the size of your crib rails ! I have a higher end Italian crib -LRB- Bonavita -RRB- and many of their products have very thick top rails . While very safe and solid , they often can not accomodate crib toys that are meant to hang off the rail - this toy included ! We have to just set it on the top rail for short periods of time while its in use because the straps on the back are too short .2 -RRB- My 4 month old tends to be very ` active ' and I thought it might be a nice calming toy to which he could fall asleep . I was wrong - he LOVES it , but it keeps him wide awake and watching ! We use it in the morning now when he is waking up and getting ready for his day . So , if you are looking for something to help your easily overstimulated baby sleep , this may not be it .
 My daughter is 6 months old and loves the Ocean Wonder Aquarium ! I got this as a shower gift and it 's been on her crib since day one and by the time she was 2 months old , she was able to turn it on and off . Now she 's a pro at it ! Every morning we hear her on the baby monitor turning it on and `` ohhhing and ahhhing '' I know every baby is different , but I daughter will lay in her crib for over 20 minutes watching the aquarium when she first wakes up in the morning . It also helps her go to sleep for her naps.This is such a wonderful toy !
 I recently bought this to replace the earlier `` Peaceful Planet '' version that our son had finally worn out . It 's part of his nap time and night time routine to go to sleep with it on and I was worried when I could n't find another `` Peaceful Planet '' -LRB- they 've been discontinued -RRB- . This is a wonderful replacement ! The lights are a bit softer and are now randomized along with the bubbles , so it adds visual interest . The two songs from the earlier version have been replaced with three songs and the music is MUCH nicer . Sort of a soft new age sounding instrumental , rather than the usual computer generated sounding songs . I find them soothing for me to listen to ! It looks to be well built to the usual FisherPrice standards . One correction to the product description , it takes 4 `` D '' batteries , not just 1 .
 Fabulous toy for the crib . My baby loved and still does love this toy . Fantastic settings for adults -LRB- volume control , music choice , lights or no lights , bubbles or no bubbles -RRB- . Great soothing music to settle down to at night . Fun to play with when they wake up . It is very easy for a young baby to push the button to turn it on.This received my 5-star rating for educational because my toddler learned how to reach around and adjust the settings before she was a year and a half . She changes it to the settings she prefers !
 Our kids love this toy . Our older daughter used it until she moved to a big girl bed and now our twin babies use it . They all LOVE -LRB- d -RRB- it . All the mechanisms are easy for them to trigger and play with so they all started playing with it at a young age . It is nice because it keeps them occupied during those busy times when you ca n't pick them up right at the moment they wake up . Plus as an added bonus , sometimes they will wake up and use it to sooth themselves back to sleep -- Got ta Love that.I caution you , we purchased the new version of this toy and it 's terrible relative to this one . Buy this one , it 's GREAT !!
 Puts our son to sleep in a few minutes ! Recommend it for others !
 The soothing music and bubbles really help to get our daughter to sleep . When she 's awake , it also gives her something to play with in her crib . The only criticism is the music only plays for 5 minutes so we end up having to start it two or three times before she goes to sleep .
 This is far and away the best purchase I made for our new baby . My son loves it as does the 5 month old baby girl that lives down the street . It is perfect for keeping them occupied when they are awake or for lulling them to sleep when it 's time for a nap.I wish the music cyle lasted a little longer , like several of the other reviewers wrote , but that would probably mean the batteries would run down faster and give us all something else to complain about . I had a small problem with the straps that are used to attach the aquarium to the rail ; while I 'm certain they are long enough for most cribs , I had trouble attaching it to the back rail of my crib -LRB- baby italia -RRB- . The rail on the back of the crib is a little wider than the other rails -LRB- decorative effect -RRB- so I really ca n't complain ... I just put it on the front rail . Problem solved.I 'm sure this may not be for every baby , but I recommend every parent try it . It is well worth the money and I think they -LRB- baby and parent -RRB- will get a kick out of it .
 It 's always touch and go with baby products . Which is why I was n't sure the Ocean Wonders Aquarium would be one that my son would like . How wrong I was . My son * loves * it . We did n't get it until he was about 9 or 10 months old so I do n't know if it would have helped when he was younger -LRB- he 's 1 now -RRB- . But now after he 's placed into his crib , he immediately turns it on and falls asleep to it . He 's also figured out how to change the different settings to music , lights , etc. . It 's quite obvious when he 's up from his nap/bedtime because you suddenly hear the music from the aquarium playing in the background.I had read reviews at Amazon that the previous Aquarium model -LRB- the Peaceful Planet Aquarium -RRB- was better because of different features such as lights on the ceiling which the current model does not have . However , because that model was discontinued by Fisher-Price , I had to order it from ebay . Unfortunately once I got it , it did n't work.I debated on whether to risk purchasing another * slightly used * model , or just get a new one . I decided to bite the bullet and get the newer model at the store . I have n't regretted my decision . I just wish I would have done it sooner . I am completely and totally happy with this product , as is my son.Another plus - it does n't seem to eat batteries as much as other toys do . Definitely worth 5 stars.UPDATE 1/26/05
 Our son is 8 months old and we 've been using the Ocean Wonders Aquarium in his crib since he was about 2 or 3 months old . He has grown to expect the same song every time he goes in for a nap or to bed for the night . There are three settings on it , one is just music , the next is music and lights -LRB- this is the setting we use -RRB- , and the 3rd is music , lights , and bubbles -LRB- vibrations -RRB- . Now when our son wakes in the middle of the night , he reaches up and turns his music on himself and puts himself back to sleep ! When we are away from home and we bring the aquarium , it gives him a touch of home and soothes him to sleep . I recommend it often to my friends who are expecting .
 We have used the toy since my son was born . It is still being used in his crib and he is now 13 months old.He turns this toy on when he goes to bed , when he wakes up in the middle of the night and in the morning . He can now change the music and sounds on his own and to his preference.He seems to really enjoy it!This toy seems more like an actual toy to him then a sleep soother , though.We also use the Nature 's Lullaby Player by The First Years as a sleep soother , which works great -LRB- and I LOVE the night light feature -RRB- . I give the Ocean Wonders Aquarium as a gift at baby showers now . I think it 's a great item to have for the crib .
 I just love this little Ocean Wonders Aquarium and so does our little girl ! We got it as a gift before whe was even born and I credit it with a full years worth of Great Sleeps ! The music is beautiful , soft , and very definitely calming . It is so great that is has the soft lights , too , that act as little night lights as well as letting her see the fish move around in the aquarium . And the music stays on for just the right amount of time , too ! Just incredible . The different settings are great , too . I 'd also say its a great * very early * educational toy as she wanted to touch the fish at a very early age and , as a result , learned how to turn the aquarium on and off for herself and how to make the little star-fish twirle around by flipping the switch -LRB- that taught her to turn light switches on and off , too ! -RRB- . Next friend I know of who is expecting will get this item !! I can not say enough good things about it ! 8 -RRB-
 My son loves his aquarium . Whenever I put him in his crib with it playing he looks at it with wonder in his eyes . What I love about it is that it lets me go to bed without worrying that he is going to be fussy . He watches it for a while and then just falls asleep .
 Whether your child is winding down to go to sleep or just grabbing some quiet time in the afternoon , this is very nice . There are 7 music choices -LRB- 3 song , 3 water , 1 random -RRB- and choices of having all bubbles/fish/lights w/music , just lights and music , or just music -LRB- I think I 've got those combos right -RRB- . The bubbles/fish/lights setting does have the additional noise of the motor making the fish go around and the bubbles go , but it is fairly quiet in my opinion and you can choose no bubbles/fish for a more restful setting . The lights only setting with the ocean waves is very relaxing for my 1 year old son.Very pleased with this toy -LRB- and did not expect to necessarily be so based on quite a few of the reviews talking of noise -RRB- .
 I have had this attached to my son 's crib since he was born !! Ca n't say enough about it !! He loves the music and lights !! I do n't use the `` fish/water bubbles '' feature when I 'm trying to get him to go to sleep , but the soft ocean sounds with the glowing lights is great !! When he was sleeping in our room in his cradle , it would put all of us to sleep !! Was a lifesaver on nights when our son did n't want to go to sleep !! Turn it on , and he 's out . The reason I gave it four stars over five is the short timer ; wish the music would play a little longer . On nights when my son is overly fussy , I have to get up a couple of times to turn it back on . But , I still highly recommend this product to everyone I know , and purchase it for anyone I know who is expecting !!
 I had this product for my daughter and I do n't know what I would of done without it . When she would fuss it calmed her right down.MUST HAVE FOR NEW PARENTS .
 This is a great toy ! It is attached to the side of my daughters crib and has been since she was born . At 9 months she really enjoys this item . . We put it on every night at bed time , if she does not fall asleep right away she plays with this toy . Pretty fish `` swim around '' there are bubbles and lights and quite a few songs . Has different modes i.e music only , fish only . But not only fish to watch , there are two little activities , a star fish that spins by baby pressing a tab , and a clam that opens his mouth by baby rolling a ball . Great soother , great all-around , truly a MUST HAVE!Warning
 My children love the aquarium they are 3 and 1 1/2 . My 3 year old still likes to listen to the music while he is falling asleep . My 1 1/2 year old likes to turn it on every chance he gets . It is now on their dresser instead of the crib . I have tried to let other family members use it but my children will not give it up yet . I recommend getting this for someone who is having a baby because they will have plenty of uses out of it .
 My son is 15 months old and he STILL loves this in his crib . It 's soooo neat !!
 We bought this for our son when he was about 6 months old and it helped him fall asleep every night . We still use it now that he is over a year old and he knows it is bed time when it plays at night . He also plays with it in the morning when he wakes giving us an extra 30 minutes of sleep or wake up time . The music and water sounds are soothing for him and he is fascinated with the fish . I highly recommend this toys for any crib
 Anyone who has a child that is difficult to put down understands the value of finding a mechanism to assist in this dreadful task . The Ocean Wonders has soothing/music and sounds as well as a little bit of eye candy . We started with a mobile and determined quickly that it was going to become quickly outdated . We returned the mobile and got this on a friend 's recommendation . My only negative is that the longest you can run the music/sounds with the bubbles and movement is 5 minutes . My daughter often wakes up the second everything stops . I wish they 'd add a setting to keep it running with eveything going for a lot longer .
 We love this aquarium !! My daghter has it on her changing table . It 's a GREAT distraction from the diaper changes . At first she just looked at it , but now , at seven months , she is pushing the on/off switch and rolling the ball . I really recommend this for the changing table !!
 We first learned about this toy when our baby was in the hospital . We attached it to his crib and he loved it . He loved it so much that we went and got one for him . Whenever he is upset we just have to turn it on and he calms right down . It has different settings so they either have something to see , listen to or both . It is really great for a young baby.I do not think that any nursery should be without this toy .
 I loved this product it is attached to our 3 month old 's crib and she falls to sleep every night by this , she just stares at the lights and bubbles and it puts her to sleep everytime ! I like this toy because it has different levels and you have volume control .
 Once I bought and put it in her crib , my daughter started falling asleep on her own . I place her in her crib and she watches the bubbles until she drifts to sleep . I love it !
 I bought this mobile for my son that is due in two months time . Well I had a visit from my nephew who is 5 months old yesterday and ended up giving it to him !!!! He loved it so much I could not resist -LRB- I will buy another for my son ASAP -RRB- letting him take it home.This mobile is WONDERFUL it put my nephew right to sleep ! Every time he woke up I would just turn it on for 5 minutes and he would fall right to sleep . This is a must for any parent with a young baby . I have no idea why it works but it is BABY CALMING MAGIC !
 I absolutely love this and so does my daughter . It has been in her room since she was born . She is now six months old and she loves it . It soothes her and helps her sleep and it is not annoying when it comes through on my baby monitor . Now , if she wakes up earlier than usual , she will turn it on herself and drift back to sleep for an hour or so . She loves it and I love it . I recommend this product to anyone with a baby or small child !!
 This aquarium is a favorite in our house . Our 4 month old son loves it so much he turns it on all of the time . He kicks it on when he is swaddled and he turns it on with his hands when he is in the crib ! It has become our little signal -LRB- instead of crying -RRB- when he is ready for me to come get him out of the crib . Highly recommend this for the crib .
 I bought this toy for my son for Christmas when he was only 2 weeks old . I did n't really start using it until I started putting him in his crib at night as opposed to his bassinet at about 7 weeks of age . I play it for him everynight and he goes right off to sleep . I even use it for nap time as well . It 's batteries have really lasted - I 've only replaced them once so far in about 10 months . Now that my son can stand , he pushes the buttons himself and plays with it . It 's the best $ 25 that I ever spent . I also got him the fish bowl around Easter and he loves it as well .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was 3 months old ... SHE LOVES IT . She is now 9 months and plays with it in her crib every day !!! the music is nice , the lights are pretty ... it is a well thought toy !!!
 My daughter has reflux and I would have a hard time getting her to go to sleep after I put her in the crib . The first night I put this aquarium in , she was asleep in 5 minutes ! The bubbles and lights are very soothing.We also have the Ocean Wonders Aquarium swing and first song this toy plays is the same as the first one on the swing . Since my daughter takes her naps in the swing because it soothes her reflux , she must think she 's in the swing when she hears that song and goes right to sleep . As a matter of fact , I hear the song on the monitor and it puts me to sleep !
 it makes up a nice gift for dear ones . i gave it as a gift to my neice and she loved it . she always talks about it now . -LRB- i gave when she was 1 year old -RRB- .
 I just bought this toy for my 2 1/2 month old and its great . It has many different settings , sounds , songs and volumes which is accomadating for dIfferent situations . My son just loves it . It also helps drown out noises that might wake him up . The ocean and water sounds create great white noise if you have a sensitive baby like mine .
 My mother bought this as a Christmas present for our son when he was only three months old . He was instantly fasinated by the lights and music . We used to turn it on the third setting to play all the different songs and sounds -LRB- usually goes for 10-15 minutes -RRB- and he would calm down right away , stare at it then fall asleep . Then he got to the point where he would turn it on himself ... on , off , on , off ... over and over ! It was funny listening to it on the monitor ! But , it kept him occupied until he would go back to sleep . Now he sits up and plays with it for at least a half an hour at a time in the morning , which is SO nice since we can sleep that much longer ! Best toy we have ever received for him !
 this was my favorite baby item that i registered for and was thrilled to have it , until we went to attach it to the baby 's crib and the straps were way too short to fit our crib , which has a very thick top bar . the only spot i could fit it on was in the corner where the baby wouldnt even be able to see it . I love the idea of it , but they need to make the straps longer to fit all types of cribs . I took it back and exchanged it for the Ocean Wonders Fishbowl which is perched on baby 's dresser till he 's big enough to play with it .
 My daughter loves this aquarium . It has neat lights and loads of fun music . It soothes her back to sleep and she loves to watch the water and listen to the bubbles .
 My daughter was born 11/02/03 . Since she was only 7 weeks old at Christmas , my husband and I did n't really know what to buy her ... so I bought her the Ocean Wonders Aquarium . She absolutely loves it ! Everytime we put her in her crib to go to sleep we turn it on to just the music -LRB- there are three settings -RRB- . When I put her in her crib so I can do a load of laundry , go to the bathroom , etc. . . I turn it on to the bubbles and lights . It amuses her and keeps her content for quite a while . I have two sisters in law who are pregnant now and plan on getting each of them the Aquarium as part of their shower gifts . It 's a must have for all babies !
 My son has been using this ever since he was sleeping in his crib . Twinkle Twinkle Little Star is his favorite . It lulls him to sleep if he is awake when we place him in his crib . Now that he is 3 months old , we have started to use the music and lights combination . He was recently sick , and when he would wake up every hour , we would turn this on , and he would fall back asleep . I would highly recommend this to anyone . Your child will love it .
 My son has loved this since we brought him home from the hopital , he would watch it for an hour content while I put away his laundry and had something to eat . When he was colic it was the only thing that would calm him down . Now that he 's 10 months he still loves it he plays with the clam and starfish , and turns it on and off until he falls asleep for his nap .
 I 'm a first time mom and everyone I know has recommended this to me including my friend who is a nurse in a Pediatric ICU . She claims every baby loves it and I 've found out so does my baby . My daughter is 15 weeks now and has loved this since we put her in her crib at 8 weeks-just loves to stare at it and it helps her fall asleep -LRB- she has even started kicking it to start it before we get up - accident I do n't think so = -RRB-
 When this works I really love it , I recieved this as a baby shower gift ... I really really wanted it ! My son and daughter both really enjoy the music and bubbles ! That is their bed time music ! The only problem I have encountered with this product is when I go to change the batteries I have to fiddle with it for weeks before I get them in the exact postion for it to work ... I know I probably have a defective product and I am sure I could get it replaced with no problem but with such a busy life it is n't a priority ! I recommend this to everyone !!!
 I have found this product to be absolutely amazing ! There are a lot of settings and music selections as well as white noise to choose from . I purchased this as a new mom by recommendations of others . It is the best item I have bought so far and my daughter is now 8 months old . It puts her to sleep at bed time and keeps her entertained when she wakes up . I could n't have lived without it !
 We put this on the crib before our daughter was born , but did n't use it until she was more than a month old . She LOVES this toy . Although she ca n't turn it on herself , she love it when we do for her ! She is mesmorized by the music and lights and bubbles , especially when we play it in the dark . THis was the first thing she really focused on and for the ENTIRE duration of it being on . After a month of playing it every night for her ... she 's still mesmorized ! I love this Fisher-Price line ... their aquarium collection is AMAZING !!!
 My son is now almost 2 and I bought this toy for him when he was 4 months old . I rant and rave about it so much I decided to rate it online . It is a lifesaver !! He started in his own room at 4mo & he would cry but I would turn on this aquarium and he would fall back asleep . When he was under 7 months I usually would turn the setting to only music & lights -LRB- bubbles off -RRB- it will play for 10 minutes this way & the music and lights were plenty soothing for my son . Now that he is almost 2 he loves to play w / the buttons and he even changes the settings to bubbles or no bubbles ... of course he does n't know what he is doing but it is all very interesting to him . It is & was the best thing I have ever bought for him . I turn it on every night and he knows how to turn it on and off w / the middle button so he can turn it on in the middle of the night for himself . Now if he wakes up I do n't even have to get up . This toy has settings for volume -LRB- which us mom 's like -RRB- & some times I need to turn it up if the family is watching a louder movie or guests are over , so this eases the sounds of outside his door . It also has settings for bubbles on & off , lights & no lights with or with out music . Lots of options !! Has kept my son happy for a long time now & I have only just now changed the battery for the second time & he is almost 2 ! So even though D batteries are expensive , this toy does n't drain them fast . I am sure I am being overly dramatic about this toy but trust me any mom will thank you and be grateful for this night time savior !
 My 1 year old loves this aquarium . He has had it since birth . He loves to turn it on and off and play with the starfish tab . He turns it on when we lay him in bed sleep and starts playing again when he wakes up . I highly recommend this toy , I was surprised by how long he has continued to use .
 This toy is a dream my son loves listening to it before he goes to sleep and over the monitor it puts me to sleep . I really enjoy the soothing ocean sounds and the lullbies .
 I bought this while still pregnant . I had hoped that it would fit on my oddly shaped crib , but did n't . Started to return it , but I am soooo gald I did n't . Megan loves this . She is 6 months old now and still gets excited to see the bubbles and the fish moving - she loves all of the ocean wonders ` bubbly ' stuff we have .
 This aquarium is great . It 's soft music and lights are just right to soothe your baby to sleep . It turns itself off after approx . 5 minutes . My daughter really loves to watch the bubbles ! Great buy .
 This was the one thing that would soothe our son when we brought him home from the hospital . He is 3 months old now and sleeping through the night . When he wakes up he starts to kick and swing his arms and he accidentally turns the aquarium on . He falls right back to sleep ! The aquarium will only stay on for 5 minutes . This was not long enough when he was a newborn . I would have to stay in the room for 5 minutes to turn it back on . He likes the ocean sounds better than the music and the louder the better .
 I had no idea I would need this so much . It was n't even on my registry but someone gave this to me at my baby shower and now I ca n't imagine life without it . We started using it when my son was around 2 months old and began sleeping in his crib . We use it at bedtime and at nap time and it always puts him to sleep . He loves to watch the bubbles and the fish all lit up . He zones right out to fall asleep . Every baby needs this item in their crib !
 My daughter loves the Ocean Wonders Aquarium . Finally a musical toy that lasts about 10 minutes and is easy enough for kids to work .
 My father bought this toy for my daughter when she was a newborn . At first , it was just something to put on her crib , that she could look at . Little did we know that the older she got the MORE useful it would become . She now uses it to fall asleep -LRB- we use music , lights and bubbles -RRB- and when she wakes up in the middle of the night , she turns it on and goes back to sleep , ON HER OWN !!!!! It 's a miracle !!! We love this product and have bought the D batteries it requires in bulk !!!
 I love the Ocean Wonders Aquarium . I did some research when I was looking to buy a mobile for my baby 's crib and found that this would be the best option and the best value for my money . I 'm glad I read other reviews before I bought it because it has turned out to be wonderful . If my baby is being fussy and wo n't go to sleep I just have to turn it on and it calms him down . He is only 2 months old and I 've been using it for about a month . He ca n't really focus on the fish yet , but he loves the music .
 This is a great product ! The music it plays is so peaceful and relaxing , we even bought a second one which was supposed to be for the other twins crib when they move into their separate cribs . However , it ended up that we keep the second one in our room because * I * like to fall asleep listening to this and watching the lights . This is a must have !
 I love this aquarium and so does my baby . We put it on at night before going to bed and she loves watching and listening to the aquarium .
 The FP aquarium is the first toy you should buy . I recieved this as a gift from a family member the day after I got home from the hospital with my son . This has been the best thing we have had so far . This toy puts my son to sleep in no time . At around 4 months he was turning this thing on . At 6 months I hear him have it on in the middle of night and it keeps him occupied in the morning . I ca n't say enough about it . I am so thankful for the person who bought it for me and I now buy this for shower gifts .
 my kid loves this thing it was a gift when she was 7 months old and now she is 1 and 1/2 and we have used it every night to help her fall asleep . she likes the bubble sounds best but can change them her self if she wants . sometimes she wakes up and pushes the music button her self and goes back to sleep so tops .
 This toy was one of my best shower gifts . I 've used it since my baby was 6 weeks and my baby is now 15 months . The soothing sounds helped him get to sleep when he was going from bassinet to crib -LRB- @ 6 wks -RRB- . Now he wakes up every morning and turns it on and off himself . I had a friend who 's 8 month old would not sleep through the night and it did wonders for her . I highly recommend this to every mom-to-be .
 Hi , my son loved this toy . He got it when he was 3 months old and he liked it instantly . He used to turn it on and off with his feet when he was in his crib at night and it did help put him to sleep . However , as he got older and was able to pull himself up , he was able to pull off the straps . One night I came in and the toy was dangling dangerously close to his head -- and the toy IS heavy . So I took it out of his crib . He still loves playing with it on the ground and he 's now 14 months old . It 's definitely a great toy but I would just be careful of the straps .
 When I first bought this I sat in my rocking chair for a long time listening and watching it . I love all of the ocean wonders aquarium stuff , the swing , and the bouncing chair are great additions to this product ! I only have one thing I do not like about this product , the first song that is played seems really morbid and depressing to me . My husband said the same thing but it is n't like they do n't give you other selections , I do n't like the song but if it puts the baby to sleep then I guess it 's ok in my book . As for a previous reviewer I also intend to give this toy to other people for their baby showers , I think every child should have one .
 I bought this toy not too sure I would like it but had friends that said I had to have it and I 'm sure glad I did . The volume control is a must . So many musical toys do not have volume control and it 's fabulous . It 's soothing and the aquatic scene is very cute . My daughter is 4 months old and watches the lights and bubbles . My Nanny has a 18 month old and he plays with it for at least an hour after waking in the morning . I love this toy ... it 's a must have ! I 'll be giving it as a gift .
 We bought this before our son Dylan was born and when he was a newborn he was n't interested in it at all . Now he is close to five months old and I do n't think we could do without it . He loves the lights , music , and the way the fish `` swim '' . We have just started putting him to bed while he is still awake and he goes to sleep listening and watching his aquarium . It is also really great for when my husband or I are changing his dipar -LRB- he is rolling over and is quite wiggly -RRB- the aquarium keeps his attention so we do n't have to fight to get his dipar on . I would say this a must for anyone with a baby . I ca n't wait to get more of the Ocean Wonders products !!!
 My baby loves her aquarium and has since she was born . It 's always quieted her when she 's fussy and helps her drop off to sleep if she wakes when I 'm putting her down . She can also turn it on very easily on her own -- she began doing it accidentally when she was two and a half months old , but now knows that if she kicks it , it will turn on . I just wish it stayed on a bit longer -- it shuts off automatically after only a few minutes .
 My older son recieved the older model -LRB- peaceful planets aquarium -RRB- and I had to put batteries in it like every three days it got on my nerves . also the magnets stopped working and it stopped rotating . He loves it sooo much it still hands on his crib . Sometimes I put batteries in it so he can see the lights on the ceiling . When my second son was born I still liked the concept but was scared it would eat batteries again . I received a gift certificate for 10 dollars off any fisher price item when my son was 3 months old and decided to give it a try . I havent replaced the batteries yet -LRB- i used cheap ones too -RRB- and he is now 4 and a half months . He falls asleep to it every night . sometimes when he wakes up i can just turn it on and he falls right back to sleep . It 's so great . i 'm thinking about getting one for my older son also who is 18 months old and would probably enjoy it as much as my younger son .
 My son LOVED this aquarium ! He liked the music that it played and he enjoyed watching the fish . When he was younger , we put it low in his crib so he could turn it off and on at his leisure . It became pretty funny when we realized he startrd using it as an alarm clock for my husband and I . He NEVER woke up crying because he would just push the button to play the music when he woke up , we would then go and get him and everyone was in a great mood ! We recently removed it from his room so our new daughter can play with it when she gets here . WHAT A GREAT TOY !
 I bought the aquarium for my daughter when she was a few weeks old . At the time , she did n't really seem interested in it . But I had wanted to get her something stimulating and different than a mobile for her crib . My hubby and parents and I had the most fun checking out all the things the aquarium can do . Not only does it play music -- `` Twinkle , Twinkle Little Star '' , `` Brahm 's Lullabye '' and another tune , and it has volume control -- it has 3 aquatic sounds , it lights up , the fish move , it has bubbles to immitate the real thing , and baby can interact with it , too . For hands-on fun , it has a big button to press in the front of it to turn off/on , and the star fish and clam move when baby touches the two buttons to control them.Now my daughter is 3 months , and has discovered that the aquarium can be lots of fun . When she awakes from her naps , she turns to it , smiles , laughs , and talks to it . She will even fall asleep to its soothing music and lights . I can tell it is going to be around for a while !
 This is the neatest crib toy . It 's so entertaining . My son falls asleep to it every night .
 I like it because my baby has the other aquqrium pieces , but what I would really like out of this toy is for it to project an ocean scene on the ceiling of her room . Other than that , baby and I enjoy the sounds and I like the interaction capabilities .
 I turn this on for my baby every night when I put her down and she watches it intently . It has 3 options for sounds and music and you can have it turn off automatically . Baby can even turn it on if you leave it on that mode . It is nice for them to watch in the dark . Love it
 this definitely has many different modes and sounds it can make but when you want the music , water and bubbles on all together it makes an annoying clicking sound ... i think this is the bubble mechanism which i did want on because it seemed more interesting to my baby ... but i do not think she ever fell asleep to it ... only if the bubbles were off because then it is a more soothing sound
 This has been so much help in getting my baby to go to sleep on her own . We play it every night . Now that she is 14 months old , she will play it herself when she wakes up in the middle of the night and it sooths her back to sleep . I LOVE IT !
 My daughter loved this when she was just 3 months old . We live near the beach and she loved to hear the ocean . When we saw this toy we just had to buy it . She was mesmerized by the sound of the ocean waves and the cute moving fish . It put her to sleep in minutes . When she got older she was able to play with the lever and spinning ball . She is now 3 1/2 years old and still loves to play with it . We now have a 2 1/2 month old son and he too loves this . He loves listening to the soft music and looking at the glowing lights . It soothes and calms him down and puts him to sleep . I would highly recommend buying this for your little ones .
 This was a gift for my son . He loves it . I play it every night for him . As well as his care bear mobile . He loves them equally . I would highly recommend this as well as the aquarim swing , bouncy seat , and fish bowl . I love it all !!!!!!!!!
 My 4 month old son loves this . Great music !! You do n't have to use it in the crib , try putting it on your changing table as i have done .
 I got this for a gift before my daughter was born . We put it in her crib as soon as she started sleeping in it . We always turned it on when we put her to bed . She is 16 months now . It is still in her crib . If she wakes up in the night , I do n't hear any crying , just the sound of her aquarium as she turns it on and goes right back to sleep . I recommend it to all of my pregnant friends .
 I got this for my daughter a litle late in the game , at 18 mos . But , she loves it . She is in a toddler bed , and it is attached to the headboard . It is great for when she wakes up in the night , she just hits the button and it lulls her back to sleep . I wish I would have gotten it for her sooner . I 'm sure I 'll get more use out of it with the next baby , if she 'll give it up . I may end up having to buy another one !
 I found out about this item through my mother-in-law , who told me that they use these in all of the cribs at the hospital she works at . It is so worth it . We even take it with us when we travel in case he gets fussy on the way or while we are out of town to make him feel at home . I wish it had a remote control of some kind for those times that he would wake up in the middle of the night . Playing the music would put him right back to sleep . A + + + + item !
 I like this crib toy , but calling it a toy is going a bit overboard , it 's more like a crib TV . By that I mean , it 's something your baby can stare at , and perhaps doze off while watching . It 's very pretty to watch . When you have all the bells and whistles on it going at once -LRB- bubbles , lights , music or sounds , fishes moving up and down -RRB- it 's hypnotic.But playing with it as a toy ? The oyster shell that opens and closes when you roll the ball is very , in my opinion , tiny , and you can barely tell that there are eyes on it . The starfish that twirls and whirls in circles when you depress the lever spins for 3 - 4 seconds and stops , and the lever must be depressed with some amount pressure , which my son does n't have yet at four months.Perhaps as he starts sitting up more , this `` toy '' -LRB- as I use the term loosely -RRB- will fascinate him and capture his mind as a fun activity , but right now , it 's a crib TV that plays for five minutes -LRB- all bells and whistles turned on -RRB- and then automatically stops . You can also choose to have just music or sounds playing and you get about 10 minutes in this mode . Or to have music or sounds and lights , but no fish movement , but I say go for the gusto and give your kid the whole show ! Use those 4 D-cell batteries to their max -LRB- yes , is n't that interesting , another toy that needs expensive D batteries -RRB- ! Here 's something else to consider , the straps on the back allow this crib `` toy '' to hang from the top of the crib rail -LRB- as an aside to you dear reader , you need at least 7 inches of space between the crib rail and the mattress , so that your child 's head wo n't get `` squished '' or trapped , probably as a SIDS advisory -RRB- . But what if you have a crib rail that 's really high ? Well we do , and it 's so high , that I do n't think our son will ever be able to reach that spinny ball or lever to play with the aquarium . Hmmm ... do I lower the rail and make it available to him , but then create a safety hazard where baby might be able to pull himself up and OVER the rail ? I 've decided that if I ever do lower the rail , I 'll be supervising him in the crib.I had hoped that this `` toy '' could be used by him if he woke up and if he did n't want to fall back asleep right away , he could entertain himself with it for a little while and maybe fall back asleep again , but I 'm not feeling confident that , that will happen.I 'll stick with my original supposition that this is really not a toy , it 's more of a nightlight/crib TV.If I find otherwise in the next couple months , I 'll come back and update my review . : -RRB- Cheers !
 we really like this toy . I only gave it 4 stars in the fun section because I think the moving parts -LRB- toys -RRB- could move alittle more but over all this is a fun & cute toy . My 4 mo old loves watching it and the bubbling water sounds help put him to sleep . The music feature is n't as good as a CD but sounds clear enough . . better then most toys playing music .
 We have this toy and the Dreamscapes Soother in my daughter 's crib . She is 5 months old now and has just recently begun to take interest in it . She has even learned how to kick it to turn it on . But she was n't interested in it at all when she was younger . Which surprised me . It has all the greatness that toys today have . The colors , bubbles , movement , ocean sounds & melodys . . I was very surprised when she did n't seem to notice it when I turned it on . . this lasted just until this month . So basically for 4 months it just sat in her crib . The Dreamscapes Soother was our life saver.It is different now - if I 'm changing her in her crib or have her laying in there for some reason other than sleep I 'll turn it on now and she 'll watch it intently - which is great . It might not have worked for us in the beginning but I 'm still very glad that I purchased it ... I 'm sure once she can get up and push it without a struggle it will be great.The only bad thing is - we did n't save the instruction booklet and there are many different settings - and I could n't tell you how to do any of them . I , like the other reviewer , have to turn it off in order to get it to stop , it never seems to stop on it 's own . Also , it can get pretty loud . You have to be careful wtih the volume.Bottom Line
 Her auntie got my daughter this aquarium before she was born . She enjoyed listening to the music and watching the lights from teh very beginning . After she could move her legs , she would kick the on/off button and entertain her self . Now that she is seven months old , she will play with the buttons . We all love this item !!
 My son - 17 months loves his aquarium . He uses it all the time . If he wakes up in the night he 'll hit the button and fall back asleep . When he wakes in the morning he turns on his aquarium and will talk to the fish . It 's a great toy that he has really enjoyed .
 I love this toy !!! The volume is adjustable so you can play it low , and my daughter -LRB- 7 months old -RRB- loves watching the fish and lights . It 's such a wonderful product . My daughter can not sleep without it ! When we go on vacation I have to take it with us or else my daughter can not sleep ! I 'm very happy I put this toy on my registry !!
 I bought this for my three year old when she was first born , then sold it in a garage sale . when we found out we were pregnant again we bought another one . The baby absolutely loves this aquarium as did our oldest daughter . Puts them right to sleep .
 We 've had the ocean wonders aquarium in our sons crib since day one . We only use it at bedtime and only the music and lights setting . As soon as we lay him in his crib he instantly turns his head wanting the aquarium on ... if it 's not immediatly turned on he 'll let you know ! I gave low ratings for education because I do n't use it for that purpose nor do I see it as being educational.The ocean wonders aquarium lulls him right to sleep ... in fact we got another one so that we can take it with us when we travel.It 's a MUST have !!!
 My son is about 1 1/2 months old , and when i turn this on in his crib he just stares at it , mezmerized ! I learned that to get the 3 songs to play , you have to hit the button on top , 4 times until you hear the original song again . then when you hit the button on the front the three songs will play . I love the lights and bubbles , and how much the volume on it varies ! I have it on very quiet for in the middle of the night so it just calms him and isnt obnoxious for him . I also have a mobile , but that tends to be too loud and doesnt last as long as the Aquarium does ! Its definatly worth it ! We loooovveee this product !
 I just received this for my daughter for Christmas . I already have a Gloworms one that I received for a babyshower gift which is one of the greatest gifts I had received . Since the batteries are almost dead , I picked this up from my father-in-laws and decided to put it on the other side of the crib . She 's 8 months -LRB- 7 weeks early -RRB- and already hits it on and off which is amusing . I personally find the bubble sounds too loud , and that there 's not much of a variation to look at compared to the Gloworms one I have since it rotates and has a bunch of different songs . The music does n't seem to last as long on here either but I like the music since it is soothing and relaxing as well.So far she likes it but that 's all I can really review on now seeing as how I just set it up now . I also like how you can just hear the water if you want to.I recommend the use of this with the gloworms but between the two , I 'd stick with the gloworms due to more things to see , longer music time and a wider variety of music.A great gift for anyone though if it 's your style !
 We have had this since my son was born . I loved to listen to it when I would get up for night feedings . It was so relaxing to both of us . He is 17 months now and still loves to listen to the music play when he goes to bed . In the morning , he will play with it when he wakes up which gives us a little more time to sleep . I just bought one for my sister because she is expecting a baby in March . I 'm sure her daughter will love it too !! Also , I saw the reviews about the straps being too short but we have not had a problem . Our crib is a newer convertible crib and the slat we have it attached to is about 4 inches wide .
 Our 3 month old loves this toy . She actually started turnng her head towards it at two weeks . We put her in bed awake and turn it on and she falls alseep ! I have had two friends say their two year olds still play with it - one has it mounted on her toddler bed ! I think that speaks volumes about the toy!The only way this toy would be better is if you could keep it on longer -LRB- Ok sometime we have to hit hte button 2x to get her to fall asleep -RRB- other htan that I recommend anything oceany to my friends . We have the boucey seat that matches and she love it too !
 I absolutely recommend this toy . . my kids love it . It just wisks them right to sleep and also is a great help when they are waking up and want to play in their crib a little before getting up . My kids have never had any `` sleep issues '' and I think this toy has been the reason . Our aquariums have crossed the country and travel wherever we do . My kids will sleep in any crib as long as they have their aquariums with them . If my house was on fire and I could only grab one toy ... this would be it !! On the other hand , it does take 4 D batteries and we burn through them rather qiuckly ... . To me it is still worth it !!
 My son has had this since he was born . He loves to play with it in his crib when he wakes up . He does n't cry when he wakes he plays . Keeps him occupied and sometimes he will even go back to sleep if has turned this on .
 I received the ocean wonders aquariam as a shower gift , unsure if it was really going to be interesting to my baby . I was astonished at how much he loves to watch it ! At night , when he is on the verge of falling to sleep he watches it as it soothes him to sleep , sometimes with just a few notes . In the morning I call it `` my snooze button '' because he will watch it for a few moments while I get up . I try not to overdo it , he does n't use it as a toy during the day it is solely for lulling him to sleep or calming in the mornings . That way , it stays interesting . After 4 1/2 months , it has n't lost his interest . It 's fantastic !
 I am very interested in purchasing this for my 3month old . He loves all the Ocean Wonders things we have already . We have a sleigh top crib -LRB- where the rim is slightly curved out -RRB- and I am wondering if this will still attach ?
 This is amazing ! I am sorry I did n't get it sooner . My 3 month old loves this . She falls to sleep with the first song on every time ! A must have !
 Great toy . . Calms our little girl down before bed . Great White noise for young babies . Only have a young baby , so not sure only value of it as she approaches 6 + months . I wish it stayed on for more than 3 pr 4 minutes though . . Anyway to override this ? Our baby is lulled and then will jump at the noise because I need to turn it back on .
 I registered for this as an afterthought after my son was born , and I 'm so glad we got it . He loves to watch the lights move , and the music is soothing to his ears AND mine -LRB- unlike some baby toys -RRB- . It 's been a big help in getting him to calm down and sleep at night . My only complaints are # 1 when you hang it over the crib rail as it 's designed , it 's too high for him to see clearly or turn on himself when he 's moving around . This is only a minor issue though . and # 2 I do n't think it will hold his attention much as a `` toy '' as it 's advertised b/c there are only 2 things that he can make go -LRB- the starfish and clam -RRB- but it 's perfect for now !
 ... I adored the toy when I saw it in stores while I was still pregnant with my daughter - I love aquariums . My sister-in-law bought it for my daughter as her very first birthday gift -LRB- the very day she was born -RRB- . We started using it a few months later when she was beginning to sleep in her crib . She loved it ! I 'm not Super Woman - I ca n't hold my baby AND put her laundry away or clean her room . When I needed to do something in her room I would lay her in her crib , turn on the aquarium , then do what I needed to . She was always entertained.I always rock my baby to sleep while nursing and now very recently while bottle-feeding since she is going on 1 year . But I like to turn on the music , lights , and bubbles to play softly for her after she has fallen asleep . The first time she turned it on by herself -LRB- by kicking the large button -RRB- was so wonderful . I remember hearing the music on the baby monitor and I was very surprised ! I was also happy , because instead of crying when she woke up , she got calming music and I was able to get to her before she got upset . I loved this Ocean Wonders so much that I returned an unopened swing that was a shower gift to get the Ocean Wonders swing.I 'm now pregnant with my second child and I fully intend to get another aquarium for him/her as well as the bouncer . And my daughter is getting the fish bowl for her birthday . I have only had to replace the batteries a couple of times in this and the swing -LRB- I 've had the aqurium up for nine months and the swing for almost the same -RRB- , I do n't know why anyone would have so many problems - maybe it 's the brand they 're using . I would HIGHLY recommend the Ocean Wonders Aquarium to everyone that is expecting or who has a small baby .
 This toy is perfect for babies 2-7 months . Both of my babies loved it ! Keep trying even if your baby does n't like it right away , he might not be ready for it until 3-4 months of age . I think the peak age for this toy is five months . It helped both of my girls get to sleep on restless nights .
 We 've seen our son go from laying on his back watching this toy to actually turning it on himself and playing with the knobs . It 's educational in that he learns cause and effect . The music is soothing , as are the water sounds , and he loves the lights . It plays just long enough to keep him interested . This is a great gift and I highly recommend it to all new parents . The only problem I 've seen is that our son has hit his head on it a few times when 1 -RRB- falling over from a sitting position 2 -RRB- lifting his head to look at it from a tummy position . Wish there was a padding around the hard plastic casing . The first few times he cried , but now he acts like it 's no big deal . Wish they made one for adults !!!
 My son is now 14 months old and this still hangs on the side of his crib . We used it when he was newborn to gently lull him to sleep , and by the time he was 3 months he was learning to push the buttons and make it go himself . Excellent for cause and effect ! Now that he is older , we turn it on to signal that it 's time for sleep , and when he wakes up from his nap , he can entertain himself by quietly playing with the buttons . He even turns it on in the middle of the night while he 's sleeping !! He can now even change the songs by himself . He LOVES his aquarium , and so do we . I would recommend this toy to any parent .
 We bought this for our son when he was 11 months old . He loved it so much . Now he 's 19 months old , and loves it even more . He can change the music and turn on/off the bubbles . He laughes and humms along with the music . He wants to show everyone this above all his other toys , and has us sing with him to it at bedtime.We will buy a second one right before our due date for the baby we are expecting .
 My four month old 's Grandparents bought this for him . It is absolutely one of the best baby products out there . He loves it ! He likes to lay really close to it and watches the fish and bubbles move until he falls asleep . There are three different lullabies -LRB- or a choice that allows you to randomly play all three -RRB- as well as three different ocean sounds , ranging from wave sounds to bubbles . You also have the option of letting it light up . There are also toy dials on the front -LRB- for older babies -RRB- that make the starfish move . What an awesome idea!This would make a great shower gift and is a must-have for anyone with an infant .
 My husband and I turn the aquarium on in my son 's crib when he 's being fussy and it helps to calm him down . He also likes flipping the switch to make the starfish twirl and rolling the ball to move the oyster . It 's a little loud when the water bubbles come on ; too loud , in fact , to be able to hear the music or sounds . It does n't seem to bother the baby , though . It 's a good choice for those nights when the little one wo n't go to sleep easily .
 Absolutely wonderful ! This is a great product to have . It is very soothing and fun for my son to play with when he first gets up from a nap . It has kept him entertained watching the bubbles and lights . We used this more than his mobile in his crib .
 As everyone knows , new first time parents always buy things for thier babies they do n't really need . I am a new mom , and I am very guilty of this ! But the Fisher Price Ocean Wonders Aquarium is a MUST have for your child!My daughter is now one month old and she adores her Ocean Wonders Aquarium . She will just sit there and stare at it ! She is rivited ! Now , I have gotten rattles and toys , and as you may know , there is n't a whole lot that can entertain a 1 month old . But this does!It has three songs to choose from and three nature sounds , rain , a soothing stream , and the ocean surf . You can set the controls to play music only , or you can have music , lights and bubbles . It plays the sounds for 5 or 10 minutes , all according to what you set it to . The reason I personally love this feature , is because I keep a monitor on in her room , and there is nothing worse , as an adult , then sitting in your living room listening to `` Twinkle Twinkle Little Star '' over and over . She may love it , but I really do n't . So I just set it to the ocean waves and relax!If you are about to have a baby or have one already , I highly recommend the Fisher Price Ocean Wonders Aquarium . You will have a blast watching your baby watch this product ! I mean , would you want to sit there and watch a boring mobile spin around all day ? I know I would n't !
 My daughter LOVE 'S this aqurium since she was about 3months old and now is 9months and still lones it . She smiles and laughs at the fish.At bed time I put her in her crib turn it on and leave the room . She watchs it then falls asleep . In the middle of the night and in the morning she can turn it on her self and than falls back a sleep . One thig I recommend is sometimes turn it off at night cause they can accidently hit the on button and coul wake them or you if you have the monitor on wich could be annoying . I think every one should have this product and make life a little easier for both of you .
 I was given this as a shower gift . It has been in my son 's crib since we brought him home . He loves the music and now that he is rolling and moving around more he loves to turn the music on and off and play with the buttons -LRB- with his hands and feet -RRB- . This toy is very durable ... my son kicks it very hard to turn it on and off . It keeps him amused as he is waking up in the morning or from his nap .
 Wow , up to 10 minutes of music and lights ! It has several settings plus volume control . Lots of choices and it can be beneficial to new borns , too .
 When my first son was born a friend gave us the predecessor to this aquarium . She said it was a `` MUST HAVE '' and she was right . He slept with it and played with it for over two years . Then we passed it on to our 2nd son -LRB- now 28 months -RRB- . It is finally dying - from 4 yrs of constant use . My younger son still turns it on every night and falls asleep to it . We are n't ready to give up the peace this toy has given us . So we are now buying the new `` Ocean WOnders Aquarium '' . This product is NOT just for infants .
 The aquarium is a favorite of my four month old daughter . It was first a staple in the pack n play and is now in her crib . The music is perfect because one of the settings allows it stay on for ten minutes at a time . The music on her mobile only lasted two minutes and I was constantly tip-toeing into her room to wind it , only to make her fuss again.My only complaint is that there is nothing on the aquarium to connect it to the inside of the pack n play , and it only connects to the top of the rail inside her crib . I have it balanced against the far end of her crib .
 I got this toy when my son was born and now he is 2 and he ca n't live w/out it ! He turns it on at bedtime and turns it on when he wakes up . He loves listening to the waves . The only downside is now that he is older he knows how to turn it up to full volume ! -LRB- our morning wake up call -RRB- It 's a must have !
 I got this for my daughter when she was about 4 months old , she 's 6 months old now . She loves it . I play the music for her when I put her down for a nap and when she goes to bed at night ! She enjoys watching it ! I think it 's nice that it has 3 different setting . You can just play the music , or it plays music and lights up , or it plays music , lights up and blows bubbles ! Although the setting with the bubbles it kind of loud especially when you 're trying to get the baby to sleep and they are WAY too young to figure out how to set it . My daughter can push the button to play the music and make the clam open it 's mouth -LRB- even though she has NO idea what she did -RRB- . It 's very durable , she turns herself around so her feet can kick it so the music is always going on and off !! But she LOVES IT !!!
 Our 8 month old daughter , Hannah , has liked the Ocean Wonders Aquarium since we got it when she was just a couple weeks old . We have taken it on all the trips we have taken to help her feel at home . It has really helped . The problem with this toy is that it does not play long enough . Hannah will be just about asleep when it turns itself off and she wakes up again . It would be the perfect crib mobile/music box if it just played longer .
 we recieved this toy as a christmas gift for our son who was 3 months old at the time . he loves this toy ! i have many pictures of him just laying on the floor or in his crib watching this toy . my husband and i also love this toy because , when our son wakes up in the night he can activate it himself and it helps him to go back to sleep on his own . like someone else said though the bubble motor is a little loud but i think it just adds to the claming affect of the toy . the motor noise is not a bad noise like some other toys motors i have heard . i think this was the best gift we have received for our son yet .
 I do n't know how good the durability is because I just bought this toy tonight for my 3 month old son . I 've been wanting to buy it for a while but I was hesitant because of all the bad reviews I 've read . I put him to bed tonight with it and when he first seen it he did a double take and then would n't take his eyes off of it . Two minutes later he was sleeping ! I wish I bought this toy along time ago . The music is nice and the motor is n't as loud as everyone says ...
 This toy is more of a bedtime soother than anything else for our 12 week old . Much improved over the previous Fisher Price aquarium -LRB- the Peaceful Planet Aquarium -RRB- , the newer Ocean Wonders Aquarium offers more music and sound options and a little less operational noise.Our son is comforted by it . It has many times helped him go back to sleep after a middle of the night change or feeding . He is easily mesmerized by it when he is sleepy and intrigued by it when he is awake .
 At about 3 months old my baby would cry like crazy when I put her in the crib . I put the aquarium in the crib and she loves it ! Now bedtime is so much more pleasant ! I have also given it as a gift to several friends with newborns .
 My boy loves this toy ! He loves to watch the fish and listen to the bubbles and music when he is tired . When he is ready to play , he can stand to work the buttons and watch things happen . He will play for a long time . I just wish that there were two things different . I wish there was a bubbles only sound setting and I wish that the sound tapered off when the time is up -LRB- many times my son will awaken at the abrupt end to the sound -RRB- .
 I bought this Aquarium for my 1 month old -LRB- she is 4 months now -RRB- . I placed it in her crib to help her sleep at night . She really seemed to love the ocean noises . I have to admit , I love them as well . She has learned to hit the big button in the middle to turn on the Aquarium . It is nice to hear her , at night , turn on her own Aquarium and fall back to sleep , without having to get out of bed myself .
 My 6 month old daughter really likes this toy ! whenever she gets fussy , all I have to do is turn it on and she is mezmorized . I do n't use it in her crib . It sits on our coffee table . It seems to be a calming toy . She also likes to play with the lever and the ball to make the clam and starfish move . She also likes to push the button to turn it on and off . I like that it has different sound/songs to listen to . when I need to make a phone call , all I need to do is turn that on the quiet ocean sounds and she is content . Overall , it 's a calming toy not a busy toy .
 I bought this for my newborn last Jan. . I used it when i put him in his crib . He just turned one and turns it on by him self when he wakes in the middle of the night , and it makes him fall back asleep . The music and the light is great , i do n't know how i would get my ds to sleep with out it . Well worth the money .
 I love this !! I have bought this for a few friends babies , as well . My son loved this right from the start - he is now 10 monthes old and still loves playing with it - and helps sooth him to sleep
 My five year old son had the old model of this when he was a baby and he used it literally every night for 4 1/2 years ! -LRB- first in his crib then daddy had to mount it to the wall next to his big boy bed ! -RRB- It finally broke last summer and we had to toss it out but it was much loved for a LONG time ... so when his baby sister was born this past summer we bought her one . She now falls asleep to the new model each and every night ... I am every bit as pleased with the newer model , I think it looks better for one , it is a bit louder but my daughter does n't seem to mind the bubble/motor noise I think it helps to lull her to sleep a little bit . This is the first gift I buy for anyone having a baby and the first thing I pack when we are heading on a trip ! Buy it , you wo n't regret it !!!
 This aquarium has had more crib time play than any other toy . Both children -LSB- 2 and 11 mos -RCB- as infants enjoyed listening to the music and were fascinated with the fish and bubbles . Each in thier time has learned to stand to play with the buttons and play the music . My son -LCB- 2 -RCB- climbs into his sister 's crib to play with this toy . We highly recommend the Ocean Wonders Aquarium .
 My Baby cousin loves this product ! She never goes to sleep with out it . I think it 's cool , too . I wish I couldl 've been this lucky when I was a tot .
 I purchased this item , ironically , before I even found out I was pregnant . I work as a pediatric nurse and I ca n't tell you how many times this little aquarium has saved me at work . The babies LOVE it and no matter how upset they are , this little machine seems to work at calming them and putting them at ease . Great gift idea ! I even got another one at my baby shower from a new mom who said it was her son 's favorite .
 The best thing about this crib toy is the volume control . My 3-month old is content to lay there by herself just looking at the lights -LRB- only at night time though -RRB- . Great for when she is semi-sleepy , following the lights knocks her out .
 We 've had this item since the day we arrived home -LRB- `` We '' are boy/girl twins . -RRB- We are now 20 months old and I think we love it even more today than when it mesmerized us as babies . We tell our mommy we want to get in the crib and play with this toy by saying `` bubbles . '' We can now change the tunes ourselves , crank up the volume -LRB- which Mommy just loves , ha , ha -RRB- watch the clam open his mouth when we spin the ball , and spin the starfish around , too . Ca n't imagine a more versatile , long-lasting and entertaining -- on many different levels -- toy . And it still looks brand new , even with all the use ! Mommy says we are buying our new cousin one for Christmas . I know she will love it , too !
 I do n't think there is a crib toy out there that is as wonderful as this . The music is peaceful , many sounds to choose from , all are great . There is volume control , when turned up all the way yes its loud but I keep it turned down of course . When it comes to batteries in 2 and a half years of everyday use , I may have changed then 4 times . My son is now going into a toddler bed and has asked me to put the aquarium on there too . He absolutly loves it . I am due with my second child in May and plan to buy another one .
 I really like this toy . . my daughter got this for a gift when she was 2 months old ... We put it in her crib and it actually kept her in it . . I would lay her down and turn it on and she would lay there and smile at it ... I love that it can be used as a night light to . . the music can be annoying at times and it can get really old when at five months they figure out how to turn it on and off by themselves . . our daughter loved doing that ... she would kick it and it would turn on hten she would kick it and it would turn off ... The only thing we have found is it can eat batteries up fast ...
 The aquarium is popular for a reason - it 's a wonderful cribside companion . My wife and I used it with great success creating a bedtime routine for our son , i.e. always playing a certain song when it 's time for bed and only then . I ca n't prove that the aquarium had something to do with it , but he 's always been a good sleeper and I believe that these rituals are the foundation.Now that he 's older and able to sit up on his own , he actually plays with the levers and buttons and watches the bubble/light show.Don ' t be wary of the number of D batteries it requires ; we 've gotten great life out of the aquarium -LRB- changed every 5 months or so -RRB- .
 I received this as a shower gift and would turn it on every night when I lay my daughter down and she would gaze at it until she would fall asleep . The music , lights and motion of the swimming fish would lull her to sleep even on her fussiest days . I could not rave enough about the entire Ocean Wonders line . My daughter is now 18 months and loves to activate it herself . And it still puts her to sleep . A must have for every baby registry .
 My 3 month old baby girl loves watching this toy . It 's soothing and pretty and I wish I could climb in there with her and watch it too : -RRB- My only complaints are that the volume control is pretty useless because if you try to make it low , the motor is still pretty loud . To drown out the sound the motor makes you have to keep the music pretty loud.Also , the two knobs on there to `` play '' with seem pointless as well . I can hardly see what effect spinning the wheel or pressing the button has , so I am sure my daughter ca n't see it either.I gave it 2 stars for educational value but in its defense I do n't see that this toy is meant to be an educational toy , rather a soothing toy to watch before sleepingI highly recommend this toy .
 When my daughter was 2 weeks old she was hospitalized for respitory distress and after 6 days in the hospital she was starting to get very cranky with I.V 's and all the things being done to her when a very nice nurse let us use the hospital 's Ocean Wonders Aquarium and it was a god send . My baby girl would begin to cry and once this was turned on next to her she would immediatly grow quiet until it stopped . We were so impressed that my husband ran right out and bought her her very own !!! She is now 6 months old and is beginning to make it turn on and off on her own !! She still loves it ! I also must admit that our 3 three year old son gets alot of enjoyment from it also ! We absolutely love this item and think it is a must for all little ones ! I have bought 2 others for friends who have had babies in the last 4 months !!!
 I received this item as a baby shower gift for my daughter . It sat in the closet for the 1st two months of her life -LRB- mostly because I forgot about it -RRB- and I regret every minute it was left in the packaging . It 's ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS ! My daughter finally loves her crib ! The lights and music help her to fall asleep on her own ... no more nights of crying and fussing because it 's bedtime . Thanks Fisher-Price for another fantastic product !
 I love this toy ! I am a big fan of the ocean and this toy gives the sensation of being underwater surrounded by tranqulity . I like the volume control and you can listen to lullabies or to ocean sounds . My three month old son stares at it and seems to enjoy it very much ... it takes a few minutes before he falls asleep . -LRB- It makes it easy on us Moms , because we do n't have to rock them to make them fall asleep every night -RRB- .
 My son got this toy for a Christmas present and it kept him busy on the 16 hour drive home . Now that it is in his crib , he loves to kick it on and off a million times . He loves the buttons and it keeps him busy . It makes him feel powerful to be able to control it . If he wakes at night , he just plays a bit and goes back to sleep .
 My daughter now 7 months old really likes this toy . She goes to sleep with it on and it the morning she often hits the button herself and turns it on . It amuses her until we go and get her . It has a pretty wide variety of music and sounds for a toy like this . I am very happy we bought this . I will probably make sure my sister , who is expecting , will get one too .
 This is a really cute toy that does actually help to distract and soothe my 2 month old . It provides nice melodies that you can change and also natural sounds such as waves . The motor makes a chugging noise , which i believe is intentional to provide the sounds similar to the womb . It has a light feature that softly dims and brightens randomly . It 's very tranquil yet fun with the moving fish and real bubbles . I 'm sure when he 's a bit older , my son will enjoy playing with it since it has a large on/off button on the front of it that a child can work , as well as two other features that allow the child to make things move . I 'd give it 5 stars if only it would stay on longer than 5 minutes . That 's the only problem with it .
 We received this as a gift the day we brought home our baby boy and he loved it from the start and now at 8 months he still loves it . We can put him down and turn it on and he falls asleep within minutes . Then when he wakes up he plays with it and sometimes falls back to sleep . I would highly recommend this toy to anyone . The best part is the music stays on for a long time , much longer than his mobile .
 This has been hands down the best gift I ever received . My mother-in-law bought this for my daughter when she was 3 months old . It was only a matter of weeks before she figured out how to turn it on . She is 9 months old now and knows how to work all of the buttons . Before she was sleeping through the night , my daughter would wake up and turn the aquarium on to let me know she was awake ... much better than a shrill scream coming through the monitor . Now that she is sleeping through the night , if she happens to wake up , she turns it on and puts herself back to sleep with a lullaby . My daughter loves this toy and it has held her attention far longer than any other toy she has .
 I purchased this aquarium when my son was about eight weeks old . I did n't relize Fisher Price replaced the previous aquarium that displayed soft `` wave lights '' on the ceiling . I was a little dissapointed , but it has been the best sleep aid for my son -LRB- and my husband and myself ! -RRB- Prior to the aquarium , he would have a hard time drifting to sleep or returning to sleep if he awoke through the night . Honestly , as soon as I put this on , his eyes get heavy and he quiets down.Now that he is nine months , I still use it for sleep time , but he also is able to play with it . He can turn it on himself and there is a peekaboo oyster inside that he can spin a ball to reveal a pearl in its mouth and a starfish inside that spins around at a press of a switch . I highly recomend it to anyone !!
 I first bought this toy for my newborn son sor his crib . I put batteries in it to make sure it worked before my son was born , and my 19 month old son loved it too , as he was watching me play around with it . I let him play with it as I held the toy , so he would n't accidently drop and break it . He loves spinning the little ball to make the clam open and close it 's mouth , and pushing down on the little lever to make the star fish spin.My now 7 week old son loves to watch the fish go around in circles , bubbles float to the top , and listen to the music.I had the older version for my oldest son , but we used it so much that the motor burned up in it . The thing that liked that the old one had , that the new does n't , but wish it did . Was the light option to make waves appear on the ceiling . My oldest loved that , and I 'm sure my youngest would have too.I just hope that the motor in this newer one lasts longer then the older version .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY FIVE WEEK OLD SON AND SO FAR HE SEEMS TO LIKE IT . THE MUSIC REALLY GETS HIS ATTENTION AND HELPS TO SOOTHE HIM TO SLEEP . THE ONLY THING THAT I WOULD CHANGE ABOUT THIS TOY IS SETTING THE TIMERS A LITTLE BIT LONGER . IT TAKES MY SON MORE THAN 5-10 MINUTES TO FALL ASLEEP AND I HAVE TO KEEP RESTARTING IT . OTHER THAN THAT I AM VERY HAPPY WITH MY DECISION ON PURCHASING IT . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE
 My mother bought this for me and it has been my favorite gift so far . If I need to put my son down for a nap or go to sleep at night , I just lay him down in the crib and turn on the aquarium and it puts him to sleep in about 5 minutes . I also use it if he is very upset and I am unable to calm him down . As soon as I turn on the aquarium the tears stop flowing and his focus is solely on the aquarium . I love the music ! Now when he wakes up in the morning he turns on the aquarium himself .
 My currently-15-wk-old loves her `` singing fishies . '' We have had it in her crib since the beginning and it was the first toy she took to . When she was just a couple of weeks old , she just liked the music and it was the only way I could get a bathroom break!As she has grown , she grew to like the lights , the different songs , etc. . It also worked to soothe her as a very young baby -LRB- and us as new parents -RRB- and works well as `` white noise '' at naptime . I like the bubbles and ocean tide sound effects . It has a volume control , which comes in handy and contrary to another review , I still have the original batteries in the toy.The music itself is not cloying as in some children 's toys . You wo n't be annoyed by the toy and the baby will love it .
 We bought this for our baby when he had trouble falling asleep on his own at around 7 months.At first , he did n't much like it . So I started playing the music while I nursed him , and he started associating the music with a pleasant sensation . Then , before he would fall asleep , I 'd lay him in his crib with the music continuing to play . This worked like a charm.He is now 18 months old , and periodically , if he wakes in the night , I can hear the music playing softly from his room . He turns it on , and goes back to sleep again on his own . He has been doing this pretty much since he got used to it.He will play with the `` toys '' in the morning and this will keep him occupied for about 20 minutes . We 've never used the bubbling fish - just the music . At first I think the fish used to excite him more than relax him . This is why we 've always stuck to the music . If ever he 's hard to put down , the minute I turn it on , he turns to it and gets quiet while it relaxes him.This is a GREAT , well thought out product . I need another one for baby # 2 on the way , since I know he wo n't want to give it up ! We were never ones for crib toys much but we changed our minds when we tried this one .
 although right now she does n't spend much too time in her crib -LRB- she 's just 3 months old -RRB- , when she just needs some quiet time laying down spacing out on a toy , this is her favorite . she is just fascinated by it ! the variable modes are fantastic , although most of the time we have it on `` all '' -LRB- bubbles , lights , and music -RRB- . the adjustable volume is also a godsend -LRB- and i wish more children 's toys had it -RRB- . by far one of the best gifts we 've received , and i know that she 'll enjoy still when she gets older as well .
 This Aquarium is a wonderful toy for any infant ! I received mine as a gift and it has definately paid off ! My 6 month old daughter loves to listen to the soothing music while she is drifting off to sleep , and while she is playing in her crib she loves to see the lights and bubbles too ! It is also good because she has quickly learned how to turn it on/off with her feet so she is developing some coordination too !!! This is a great toy !
 I have used this aquarium in my daughter 's crib since she was two months old . She is now 10 months and still loves it ! More importantly , when we lay her down and press it on , the music signals to her that it is time for bed . She willingly rolls over to look at it and eventually falls asleep . She used to press it on herself in the middle of the night to go back to sleep -LRB- when her crib was lower and the aquarium was more accessible -RRB- . I would reccommend this soothing toy to anyone and suggest to start using it early on . The only modifications I would make would be a remote control for parents to turn it on without entering the room -LRB- it only goes for 7 minutes -RRB- and maybe longer straps so that when the crib is lowered the baby can still reach it .
 My 4 month daughter enjoys kicking the pad with her feet . She loves the fact that she can turn it on by herself . It is our nightly routine to turn it on so she can go to sleep . This aquarium has a lot of nice features that the first one did not have
 My husband and I bought this for our son who had `` colic '' for some time after his birth - we thought it would be calming to see the bubbles , fish , and to hear the music . It was great at soothing him during this period . THEN ... when he could start swinging his arms at 5 months , he started turning it on himself !! It has an easy to push large button that he can use to turn it on . So we made a game of it ... instead of crying when he goes down to sleep or wakes up - he just hits the button and his music comes on !! It 's great . He loves the fish and watching the bubbles . And the dim light in the aquarium is nice too . It hooks on very easily to the crib . We thought it would eat through batteries , but we have had it for 5 months with the same batteries in it still !! This is definately the BEST purchase we made for our son - LOVE it !
 Our son received this when he was 6 months old and he adored it from the start . The music is soothing and the bubbles completely fascinates him . He 's now 11 months old and every morning he plays with the aquarium instead of crying when he awakes ... Should your child enjoy this toy , definitely buy the fishbowl ... My son thinks that the Ocean Wonders toys are fantastic !
 This works wonders . We play it for her when she goes to sleep and if she wakes up she turns it on herself and falls back to sleep after a short time . This is much better than an over the head mobil .
 My grandson has been enthralled with this since he was a newborn . If he would start to fuss , my daughter would push the button for the music and back off to sleep he would go . Even now , at five months , if he wakes up in the middle of the night , she just pushes the button to turn on the music and lights , and he goes right back to sleep . She call it her `` Miracle Toy '' ! I loved it so much I got him the swing and boucer , which he likes just as much .
 This is the greatest thing we have received . My 5 1/2 week old loves it ! It is almost hypnotic . This puts him to sleep every night within 10 minutes . And when I need a few minutes to get something done around the house , he just lays and coos at it .
 music is very soothing - multiple songs and sounds . My 4 month baby falls asleep to the music every night . My toddler niece loves to look at the fishies !
 My son is 2 and still loves this crib toy . Sometimes at night he 'll turn it on to help him back to sleep.I would advise buying rechargable batteries however as I go through 6 D batteries every 2 weeks . The rechargables have been a great investment just for this .
 We bought this for our baby around 6 mos . old when she was having trouble going back to sleep in the middle of the night . INSTANT TURNAROUND ! Ever since then , she uses it as sort of a `` reverse snooze alarm '' and turns it on to soothe herself back to sleep . We 've since bought one to keep at my parents ' house when we go to stay for weekends , because we got tired of unhooking it and toting it across the state . We 're now expecting another baby and have already bought one for her . This product has made bedtime/naptime SO MUCH easier . I will buy one for every future baby shower I 'm ever invited to .
 This is a great toy that really works in soothing our 5 month old son to sleep . He is mesmerized with the bubbles and moving fish . The light on the aquarium is dim , which works out well . When my son sometimes gets fussy before falling asleep , I prefer to put on his aquarium rather than his mobile . It has a wonderful calming effect on him , lulling him to sleep .
 I read lots of people saying that this is a MUST HAVE toy as it helps the baby to sleep . I wanted to buy this toy cause I loved the concept and the music . My 3 month old does n't have any problem sleeping , but I bought her this toy so that she could enjoy the music and see the fish mvoing s well as the light.To tell the truth , she seems to enjoy the toy a lot . She likes to look at it , she makes noises if the music stops , but SLEEP is like gone . She does n't sleep at all when the toy is on even if she is very sleepy.So I do n't know if the toy helps the baby to sleep , but it definitely entertains themThe only downfall is that the music stops . I hope when they do upgrade the toy they make the music last
 My newborn loves this toy he ca n't see it yet but he turns his head towards it when I turn it on he will listen to it till he falls asleep . I love that it has different music and it turns off by itself . A funny thing before I had the baby I put the batteries in and I was playing with it and I turned it on and my cat was intrigued by this toy especially the bubbles and the moving fish I thought that was really funny .
 This toy is wonderful ! My daughter is calmed by the soothing music and loves to watch the colorful sea creatures moving around . The light is n't too bright so it is useful when I check on her during the night .
 I received this toy as a shower gift for my son . From when he was born he loved to listen to the music and watch the fish/lights/bubbles . Now he 's 9 months and enjoys it just as much and likes to flick at the little ball that spins and the switch . I love that you can turn the volume up and down . I think this is a great toy .
 however , we have a crib that converts into a toddler 's bed , then finally into a queen size bed . It 's does n't fit too well since the straps are n't big enough ... so my son does n't play with it too often unless I lay him at the short end of his crib where I managed to make it fit . But when he does play with it , he seems pretty engaged in pushing the buttons and making the bubbles . Overall , I 'm glad I bought it .
 My daughter LOVES this . It 's attached to the side of her crib and she loves to play with it . I can sit her in her cradle to play with it after changing her so I can wash my hands and she loves to swipe at the spinning starfish or hit the pad in the middle that plays music and makes bubbles . The music can be a little annoying , but there is a button to cycle between 4 different sounds -LRB- 3 songs and 1 aquatic/bubble sound -RRB- . I do n't use it as a bedtime thing -LRB- though it has a good nightlight on it -RRB- because I know my daughter would be too interested in playing to sleep .
 I first saw this when babysitting for a friend of mine . Now I am expecting my first child and so excited that I received this toy as a gift ! We have even decided not to get a moblie for the crib , because I know with this attached on the side of the crib , my baby will be more interested in it than the mobile . Plus , with a mobile , once a baby starts sitting up and pulling on the toys , you have to take it down ... with this toy , it will last for years ! My friend is now expecting her third child , and still plans to use it ... and her 2 1/2 year old as well as her 1 year old both still love it !
 I am glad i bought this crib toy , my son loved to watch the fish while he went to sleep . Although he didnt really care for it when i first bought it but at around 7 months he liked it the most.I recommend this crib toy , he had other crib toys but this had to be the best .
 Both of my son 's LOVE this aquarium ! My oldest is now 3 1/2 and still turns it on in his big bed . My youngest is 2 and loves it equally so we have 2 in the same room . They have both had theirs since they were born and could only look at it from where they were laying since then of course they have figured out how all of the settings work and can change them whenever they like . When they were younger it was fabulous because when they woke up in the morning they would amuse themselves for a bit and let me sleep or take a shower . They go to sleep before it turns itself off and if not just one touch and they get 10 more minutes of `` fishies '' . The knocking noise the someone else mentioned is just one of the things that can happen if it is starting to get low on batteries . Also the bubbles will stop working but the rest is fine and then finally the music will start to sound funny . You can of course just change the setting to one without bubbles and use up the end of the batteries before changing them . I would agree that it does not suck up battery power like some other toys . I can not tell you enough good things about this , it is fabulous and I would give it 6 stars if I could . I give this to everyone I know who has a baby and it continues to be a delight to girls and boys . Thank you Fisher Price ! Brilliant !
 We love this toy ! Our baby has loved watching and listening to the sounds and lights of this crib toy since we brought him home . At 4 months he 's been able to activate it himself for a while by kicking the large button . I expect it will only be more fun when he can sit and play with the other levers and ball.Unlike some toys it has volume control - which is important when you are trying to calm a baby not over excite him .
 I am very glad I purchased this aqaurium . I had to move it up higher than the required 7 in . because my son kept swatting the button and bonking his head on it -LRB- thankfully he was n't fazed -RRB- Now when I play it he gets really excited and tries like the dickens to crawl over to it . He giggles and squeals at it and when he makes it over he just whacks the crap out of the button . It is a truly amusing sight but it can drive you nuts listening to the music go on and off . I just wish the music and lights would last longer than ten minutes . That 's the only qualm I have about it but it 's such a minute thing that I do n't worry too much about it .
 This was given as a shower gift and highly recommended by several friends . While we did n't use it much at first due to the limited playing time -LRB- I did n't wish this to become a nighttime dependency -RRB- , it has certainly gotten good use since he was able to turn it on himself . Our son is now 2 and he still will turn this on at night and in the morning which is his cue for us to get him up . We have not had any problems with attaching it to his crib even after removing it for battery replacements . This is a great gift to give or get !
 I like this product , because my babies are so intrigued by it ... but I ca n't say that I love it . I agree with another reviewer that its virtually impossible to attach to the side of the crib . We ended up using twistie ties from our sliced bread packages to keep it secured properly.I would have given it 5 stars if it played longer or came with a remote , as many of the mobiles do these days . One night we had to make 4 trips into the nursery because one baby would cry when the music and lights went off , as our babies are too young to be able to turn it on themselves.I like the adjustable volume and the song is pleasant to hear . All in all , I would recommend this product ... and I 'll probably buy another one when our twins are ready to sleep in separate cribs .
 We love the aquarium . My baby likes to watch the fish swim sometimes , but more than that he loves the sounds that the aquarium makes . I thought that the bubble noise was to loud and harsh sounding when I first turned it on , but my baby loves it . Oddly enough , it puts him right to sleep . The only downside is that one ca n't turn the bubbles on without the lights coming on so at night I do n't use them . Instead I just turn on the sound only option and let him listen to the falling rain , he likes that too .
 Everything is fabulous about the ocean wonders EXCEPT the time it runs . It runs only for about 5 minutes and often it takes my 5 mo old son longer to fall asleep . I wish it had an option to run longer so I do n't have to continually return to his nursery to push the restart button .
 This is one baby product we just LOVE . Our daughter has had it in her crib since she was 3 months old and we take it every time we travel . She 's 2 now and she still likes it to go to sleep . I had no idea it would be so wonderful . Definitely get one of these !
 My son LOVES watching fish , only five months and he is allready interested in the music , bubles , motion and you can interact with it your self by playing with the clam or starfish on either side to get your childs attention . And of coarse it helps me sleep when I cant Ive allready made lyrics for one song . It is a really beautiful and great aquarium for a child . Great music you can even choose water sounds like a waterfall , and ocean or fountain . It plays and stays on just long enough for your child to fall asleep . You have 3 choices , just music , music and lights or music , lights and bubbles and there IS an option to turn it off . I can not get over how wonderful it is . The batteries take about a month to run out even if continuously playing it for your child like I do for mine . It is very durable I have dropped it on the floor a couple of times by accident and I believe it hurts the floor more then itself . You can attatch this item to the side of your childre crib for him/her to enjoy for ever . Myself enjoys listening to the music , and the composer has done well . I thank the company for making such an incredibal and interesting toy . Before the commercial came out I bought it knowing it was cool just by looking at it . - India
 This was a shower gift , and my son who is now 15 months still loves it . He puts it on hmself now . It is so soothing and easy to use , and the batteries last a long time in it .
 This is a must for the crib . Plays while my daughter goes to sleep and she will pay with it fistd thing in the morning until we get her.Although , my wife and I joke that one of the songs sounds like a funeral procession . And when the batteries are low it starts to sound very demonic.LOL . Still highly recommended .
 My son is 15 months old and ca n't be without this when he sleeps . We hear him wake up and play it a few times each night . He rarely cries or gets scared at night because he can be soothed with this awesome toy .
 I received this toy for my daughter 's baby shower . It has been in her crib since birth , but did n't get any use until she was about four months old . Until she was four months when she would wake up in the mornings she would immediately cry until we would come to get her . One morning when I was getting ready for work I heard music coming from her monitor . She had figured out how to turn on the music ! Since she has figured it out she now keeps herself entertained until we can get to her in the mornings . Also , we hear her playing it in the middle of the night sometimes . It has been a great way for me and my husband to get the extra sleep we need . I have been thrilled that she has found a way to entertain herself ! Now I do n't have to worry about having enough time to get ready for work , because she plays the music , it gives me that extra 15 minutes to finish getting ready in the morning . I would highly recommend this to anyone !
 We recently put this in my six-week old son 's crib and I wish we would 've put it in there sooner . It keeps him calm if I have to put him down to do something around the house or if it 's bedtime . The only negative is that it only plays for 5 minutes before shutting off . Otherwise , I love it because he loves it.Definitely a good buy !
 This is a great crib toy and plays either soothing music or ocean sounds . Parents will like that it has a volume control and that you can leave light off or on . As a parent , I love the fact that it gives off enough light to use as a night light should one have to check on their baby at night time.My son has had this since he 's been 3 years old and it seems to help him drift off to sleep again should he waken in the middle of the night.The only draw back is that it seems to go through the batteries rather quickly . I wish they would last longer . Either that , or ours just gets over used .
 A girlfriend recommended the Ocean Wonders Aquarium for my first child who did not sleep well and I never got it . When I was expecting my second , I received it as a gift . Now that I have it , I know that I could not live without it . I put my daughter into her crib -LRB- whiney and cranky -RRB- . As soon as I turn on the aquarium , she looks over and instantly calms down . The familiar sounds tell her that it 's time to sleep and she does ! It has a dial to control the volume , a button to choose the music and a button to choose the mode
 My son loves this aquarium . I am going to purchase one for my in-laws who just had a baby and one for my brother and his wife due in June . When he was younger -LRB- 9 months now -RRB- I would turn it on and it would amuse him and he would fall asleep . As he got older , he pretty much slept through the night but would sometimes wake up . He would turn this aquarium on with his feet and watch it and fall back to sleep . He is 9 months now and still loves it . When it is time for bed , I put him in his crib and turn this on and it distracts him so I can exit the room with no tears ! I only wish it played a little longer -LRB- 5 min . now -RRB- . We have had great time with this toy .
 Our 5 month old son loves this in his crib . He likes the fish swimming around and the music playing . Its easy to attach to the crib with the straps provided . Everytime we put him in his crib he talks to the fish and even falls asleep.The only thing that might be annoying to someone is that the motor is loud . But it still works for our son and thats what counts .
 We got this as a gift for our son who is 5 months old now . It keeps his attention and puts him to sleep at nite time . I just wish the motor was alittle less noisy . He seems to like it , but I think people should find someone who has it first and see how loud the motor is . If it does n't bother you buy it . Its very cute to look at . My son has no problem with it .
 I wrote a review 12/18/02 about this toy the night I bought it . I now want to say that it is definately worth it . I do n't know what people r saying about it that r bad but it is one of the best items I have bought for my son . I have had it now for almost 2 months and use it up to three times a night and have n't had to change the batteries yet !!!!! I do agree that I wish the bubbling played longer than 5 mins . because my son loves that setting more than the others but most of the time he is asleep by the time it goes off . The motor is not too loud at all either . I am glad I did n't listen to most of these bad reviews about it and finally bought it .
 My daughter just turned 5 moths old and we just starated using the aquarium a few weeks ago . She definitely is intrigued by the lights , the fishies and the music . She is able to turn it on and off by herself . We both get mesmerized by the music . In fact , when she accidently hits it in the middle of the night , and I hear the music on the baby monitor , I get lulled back to sleep . The volume control is great , and I also like how a parent is able to change the songs easily . One big drawback is the loud bubbles . I also wish that it had the light show that the peaceful planet had . But overall , I am glad that we have it .
 My husband and I bought this for our 6 month old daughter because she was having trouble falling asleep alone in her crib . The first night we had it , she did n't cry at all - just looked at the aquarium and listened to the music until she fell asleep . We do n't use the bubbles , just the lights and music , which last for 10 minutes . That is usually enough time for her to fall asleep . The big button on the front makes it easy for her to hit and she is able to turn it on herself sometimes . When we went to stay at a friends house overnight , I brought it with us and propped it up next to the playpen that she slept in - it worked like a charm!All in all , I think this is great and is going to be my shower gift to all of my friends who are expecting .
 i just love this little toy . . we use it every nite while rocking the baby to sleep . . very relaxing . . and then when our 3 month old is in the crib she just loves to look at the lights , fish and bubbles . . its great
 We love this little toy and so does our son . He has figured out how to hit the button and turn it on . It is very cute and plays soft music that helps him to sleep . I do n't know what we would do with out it . We always keep a supply of `` D '' batteries just in case . It is well worth the money ... we highly recomend !!
 My son really likes this item and has been turning it on by himself since he was about 5 1/2 - 6 months old . The only problem is that it does not relax him and it actually stimulates him . He does enjoy to play with it , and it keeps him busy when I am cleaning his room and need him in his crib.Overall nice gift to recieve for a shower .
 I bought this because my eight week old son would wake up and cry right after I put him in his bassinet . He loves this . We have been using it for three weeks and we love it . There are no longer any sleepless nights . With this he falls back to sleep quickly after night time feedings .
 I have two of these . One for each of my twins cribs . They love them ! They help them fall fast asleep with very soothing sounds . The soft lights and the motor making the air bubbles ease them into a long deep sleep . My twin girl will kick hers during the night to turn it back on . In the morning they wake up and start to play with them ! It is very nice to hear cooing and little giggles than two screaming babies.They do take many batteries but they last for a long time . They are a must buy for any mom and a must have for bed time !
 This was given to our daughter for her first Christmas . She is now two and still adores this toy ! We have her in a toddler bed now and the aquarium secures nicely to the railing just as it did in the crib . We call it her `` service button '' because she learned at a young age that instead of crying to let us know she was up at the end of her nap or in the morning all she had to do was turn on the aquarium and we would come to get her up shortly there after . We also have a friend whose three year old is still in love with her aquarium ! Her mother jokes that `` it is going to college with her ! '' We highly recommend this as it truly does grow with your child !
 Okay , to the woman who was talking about a bouncer ? You 're strange if you think this goes with the bouncer . Where would you even hook it !? It clearly states its for the crib . IF you 're talking about the bouncer itself , it 's wonderful , but thats a different review.I 've got 4 of these and a couple of the old ones . Got 3 for my triplets and they 've them in their cribs -LRB- and i will move them to their big kids beds , they are now two -RRB- . They always soothe them right to sleep . If they 're crying and I put them in their beds , I just tell them to watch the fish and they usually are quiet . For some reason this soothes them still.I 've got one on my registry for my new baby ! This model is way better than the old model !
 I have the planet aquarium -LRB- older version -RRB- of this . My 3 and 1/2 year old loved this toy when he was a baby and would fall asleep as soon as we turned it on . With my 6 month old , I think he loves it even more . I put him in his crib every night and even though he may not be sleepy , all I have to do is turn this on and he is asleep within minutes . He loves to see the fish `` swim '' and hear the music . He is also enlighten by the lights . This is a must-have for a crib .
 We bought this for our son when he was a month old and have gotten so much use out of it ! Keegan is almost 2 years old now and we still use it whenever he goes to bed ! He never really played with it other than turning on the music but I think the music alone helps to soothe him to sleep ! We love that you have several songs/noises to choose from and it plays long enough for baby to fall asleep ! I recommend this to ANYONE that has a baby , it has sure helped us out on several occasions !
 The reviews are right -- this toy is terrific , and well worth the investment .
 Fisher Price has done it again!This crib toy is the best . We started turning this on every night when we would lay our 8 week old daughter down the sleep . It has worked wonders in getting her into a good bedtime routine . Would love it even more if they could somehow incorporate a voice activation feature on it.I would n't mind having one of these for myself at night . The music is better than expected . Definitely exceeded my expectations . Great price too !
 I got this toy as a baby shower gift and have had it about two years . My oldest daughter is 18 mos and before we moved her into a big girl bed , she would push the buttons and watch the fish . I could put her in the crib and get a few minutes of her so I could fold laundry . It 's just great . My youngest daughter , 2 1/2 months , now explores with it .
 We bought this for my daughter when she was about 4 months old . We were having a lot of difficulty in getting her to sleep and were desperate for anything that might work . While this did n't put her to sleep per say it did soothe her and she really enjoyed listening to the music and watching the lights and the bubbles and the fish . Now that she is 15 months old she seems to enjoy it even more ! She turns it on in the morning when she wakes up and plays with it . She does go to sleep with it now and all in all it has been a terrific toy.I love the fact that she can play with it and work the controls herself . I think this is a must have !
 Our son loves to kick this toy on at 3 months & the music , lights & bubbles amuse him . Fantastic gift ! At about 20 months , my son figured out how to disconnect it from the crib so into storage !
 batteries last much longer then peaceful planet aquarium and my kids loved it ... they both have one !
 This is something every new parent should have !! My daughter LOVED this toy right away . She was just a few weeks old and we did n't think she 'd pay any attention to it yet , but we tried it anyway and we were amazed ! She would stop crying immediately and watch the lights and listen to the sounds until she fell asleep . Now she 's 8 months old and she still loves it . In the morning we 'll find her sitting up in her crib playing with it.The different sounds/songs are great - it lulls me to sleep listening to it over the monitor . :-RRB- It is one thing we could not do without .
 I am a first time mother of a now 4 month old and to tell you the truth , I never used this product for bedtime . I placed a travel changer in the crib during the day to use as her changer ... much safer than the top of a dresser ... and I used the aquarium to keep her entertained while changing her diaper from the first day she was home . She LOVED it and immediately turned her head to see it when we turned it on . She learned to recognize music and sounds and would turn her head towards it . She still loves anything with music to this day . The best part is that she still enjoys having her diaper or clothes changed because we made it a fun thing from the beginning . Of course , we have to use something else at night because she sees that as playtime ... but a small price to pay when she likes to have her diaper changed anytime .
 My daughter 's loved this from the moment I bought it . She 's had it in her crib for over a year . Every night she 'll turn it on and off , and just lays there for a few minutes relaxing with her ` fishes ' . Very simple for children to turn on/off . There 's also different settings so you can change the volume control and how much action is occuring . I 've given one as a gift at every baby shower I 've been to in the last year .
 I would recommend this to anyone ! I bought it for my daughter who is a little freaked out by mobiles . I figured it was less intimidating . She 's 5 months and ca n't turn it on with her hand yet - but she has taught herself to turn it on with her feet in the middle of the night and during naps . When she wakes up - she turns it on - watches it for a while - and drifts right back to sleep . It 's so quiet that my husband and I never know it 's turned on unless we get up for some reason and see a little light shining from her room . I 've also heard it come on while she 's napping through her monitor - and then it stops and she never makes a peep and goes back to sleep . This is an A + + + product for those of you with a sprited child who wakes up from naps and wo n't go back to sleep . My daughter LOVES THIS AQUARIUM ! Thank you Fisher Price !!!
 My daughter had the orignal one of this toy called Peacefull Plant Aquarium , she loved it , but it broke after only 4 months of her using it . I notified Fisher Price and they told me to change the batteries and hit the item on the backside and if that did not work , too bad . My daugher falls assleap to this item , and I am having a tough time deciding to buy this one if this is how a customer is treated , especially if this one also breaks . One of my friend bought this one and she also had some problems with it and returned it . Children will love this , just be weary .
 My son loved his peaceful planet aquarium , so when that finally went I replaced it with this . There are some advantages - the motor is definately quieter on the ocean wonders , and my son loves the buttons on the front that he can operate himself , which the peaceful planet did n't have . But the light does not illuminate the whole toy , and the fish are so small ! For the actual size of the toy the viewing area could be much larger . As for battery life and durability , we 'll see . I sure hope they are better than the peaceful planet ! -- Update - Battery life and durability seem much better than the original peaceful planet aquarium . We have had ours for more than a year now and I have only replaced the batteries once or twice . My son is almost three and still enjoys looking at this from time to time .
 We got this for our 3 month old son for Christmas and immediately put it in his crib . He loves it ! He even learned how to turn it own after only a couple of days . Now when he wakes up in the morning he turns it on and plays before getting us up !
 We bought this for my 2 month old daughter because she loves my parents fish tank . At first she was n't all that intested in it , but now she loves it . At 4 months she turns it on all by herself with her feet . It has several different music/sounds to choose from . It was well worth the investment .
 This was a great purchase ! It is amazing ... soothing and relaxing . As soon as we turned it on , my husband and I fell in love with it . It is beautiful and it gives the sensation of being surrounded by nature and by the ocean 's beauty . It has various settings , so you can listen to lullaby , or to nature 's sounds ... my 3 month old baby loves it , and stares at it for a long time and falls asleep easily . I recommend it very much , especially if you love the ocean .
 I bought this toy for my 10-month-old son once he started grabbing at his mobile and I had to remove it . It seems to soothe him to sleep very well . He loves the lights and bubbles ! The only reason I did n't give this toy 5 stars overall is because the baby can turn the toy off by himself . I wish there was a setting for the parent to be able to control how long the toy is on -LRB- in other words , my son turns it off before he 's fallen asleep -RRB- . All in all , I think it 's a good toy and worth the money .
 I bought this for my 3 month old and she loves it . We put her in her crib when she gets sleepy and turn it on for her and she gets into such a trance she goes right to sleep . It is definitely worth the money and I would purchase it again .
 We bought our ocean wonders aquarium when my son was just a few months old , and he loved it . Every night when we put him to sleep he would `` start '' his music and listen to it until he nodded off . When he woke up in the middle of the night , he would push the button for the lights and music and he would be soothed back to sleep . Sometimes we would n't even have to get up to resettle him , which was wonderful ! He wore his aquarium out , so when his little sister was born , she got her own . She 's going to be two years old this month and she still plays with it at every nap and bedtime . The music playing becomes almost `` ritualistic '' , so do n't let it run out of batteries!We 've never regretted this purchase , and have n't had any problems with its ' durability , although after about a year the motion part of the toy stopped working for some reason . It does n't seem to bother my daughter , so we just left it alone because the music and the ` bubbling ' still work.I highly recommend this toy !
 This was given to me by a friend and I decided to put it in my daughters crib when she finally started sleeping in it . She absolutely loved it ! She is now 13 months and still has to have it on during naps and bedtime so she can sleep .
 I recieved this at a wandering shower -LRB- where you just walk around the store with friends and they go haywire saying `` Oh , you have to have this '' , and `` Definitely , you must own this . '' -RRB- for my first child before he was born . He is 2 now and knows how to push the buttons , make the starfish spin , and make the clam open and close it 's mouth . He will wake up in the middle of the night , turn it on himself and go right back to sleep . I am pregnant with my second child now , and I know that I ca n't take this wonderful crib toy away from my son or he will go bananas -LRB- like the time I forgot to put his blanket in the crib -RRB- , so I have registered for the updated version for my next child . I can only pray it is as much of a keeper as the original .
 My son has had this toy in his crib since he was born -LRB- he 's now a year and a half -RRB- , and it is an integral part of his nights and his crib . He loves the music , watching the lights and fish . He turns it on when he wakes up in the middle of the night and helps him get back to sleep . I think this toy is like a friend to him , watching the fish , their familiar faces , he even `` talks '' to them . He knows how to change the settings of lights and music , even turns up the volume . I 'm expecting my second child now and I ca n't imagine not having it in the crib . One of the smartest buys for baby.I buy one of these for my friends every time I 'm invited to a baby shower ; I just know it 's a proven choice .
 I got this toy at my baby shower and it has been extremely useful since day 1 . My son loved it and it would soothe him when he was fussy . He loved seeing the lights and fish move around and listen to the music or the sound of waves . I used to even remove it from the crib and put it near him on the changing table when he was fussy after his bath and he would immediately quiet down and give me the chance to change him into his pyjamas . Any parent must have this for their child . As the kid gets older they spend time playing with the clam and starfish and pressing the music button . That means extra sleep in time for you in the morning.My son played with this till he was 1 1/2 . I do not know what I would have done without it .
 This has entertained and entertained our little boy for 6 months - he just loves watching , listening and pushing the buttons .
 My MiL purchased this for our son when he was only weeks old . At first , he did n't pay it much mind , but once he could sit up and later manipulate the controls , he loved it . We used to joke , ` It 's a comedy ! It 's a drama ! It 's a love story ! '' because he would stare at it , transfixed , and alternately laugh , smile and coo . One of the best investments out there .
 Absolutely love this aquarium ! Was very helpful when I switched from co-sleeping -LRB- 3mo -RRB- to baby in his own bed . The light and sweet music is very comforting . He goes to sleep with it every night -LRB- and day -RRB- for 4 mos straight !
 Only a few of the gifts we got when our son was born have stood the ` test of time ' as well as the aquarium . When he was teeny-tiny we played the music/lights/bubbles and he LOVED it . Now he 's almost 1-year old and he BEGS to get into his crib so he can make the music play/spin the ball/make the starfish turn . Sometimes when he 's restless at night I turn on the music VERY SOFTLY and he drifts right off to sleep . If our experience is any indication this should be a gift to all expecting parents !
 We bought two of these since we have twins , and they BOTH like their aquariums ! I like the fact that it actually has a volume dial on it so you can turn it down at bedtime -LRB- unlike a LOT of very loud , supposedly `` soothing '' crib toys -RRB- . It lights up softly and even has bubbles that come up around the fish , making it look like a real aquarium . I think the music and relaxing sounds it makes are the cutest ! The very best part is that it will have your baby asleep in minutes or less . With a little push of a button on the front , your baby can turn it on and off on their own ! We love ours !
 My husbands parents bought the aquarium for my baby at christmas and she loves it . it can put her to sleep like nothing i have seen . she also likes to watch the fish go around . it makes her laugh . she also reaches for the knobs so she can play with them
 I can not compare it to anything else since we bought it for our first child . She LOVES to watch the fish move and she tries to grab things . I put her in her crib when I am folding her clothes etc. . The problem is that I am constantly running back and forth to turn the music back on !!! It ends too soon and that is what she loves ! Other than that , we do like it , it keeps her entertained .
 Our baby loves this . He 's almost grown out of it and will miss it terribly . This is something I highly recommend to everyone . There is no disappointment in this product whatsoever.We wish it was made to endure more than 25 lbs . Again , our little one loves it !!!
 it is very helpful for my baby to make him calm
 We had a different aquarium crib soother from fisher price for our son -LRB- now 2 -RRB- , and when we pulled it out to use for our daughter , it was n't working - I called Fisher Price and they immediately set me this ocean wonders aquarium -- I recieved it 2 days after talking to Fisher Price customer service !!! We opened it , and immediately loved it ! My daughter is 4 months old and loves the soothing lights and music and just adores the bubbles ! Many `` soothing '' toys are in reality loud , but this toy truly is soothing - it even puts daddy to sleep ! The best part about this product is that Fisher Price believes in it - so you can have the faith that it will work and last - if for some reason it did n't , Fisher Price takes care of its customers !
 WONDERFUL TOY ! But do n't wait until your child is one year old to buy this - babies will enjoy this at a much younger age.I bought this toy for my son when he was just two months old and we mounted it in his crib . He has been listening to the music and watching the floating fish for months - he is mesmerized ! It makes him smile every time we turn it on . At six months , now he is sitting up and reaching for the levers to activate the starfish and the clam - cute.I think the manufacturer should rate this toy for younger infants - with all the fascinating toys on the market for 12 month olds , he/she may get bored of this toy more easily . Perfect for a younger baby !!!!!!!!
 My 3-year old son and I tried the demo for this toy on Fisher Price 's website and after reading the reviews we decided to buy it for his newborn brother . My oldest had to test it out when we received it and has learned the various functions quite well . He even requested to sleep with it . I have now put it my 2-month old 's crib and it instantly calms and relaxes him when he 's trying to get to sleep . His favorite settings right now are the running water and rain without the bubbles and lights . I am impressed with the durability and functionality of this toy . The music is quite nice ; not the usual cheesy , annoying digital sounds of some the other electronic toys . The adjustable volume is a plus . I can turn it up if his older brother is being rambuctious and then lower it as he falls asleep . I wish I had this when my firstborn arrived . It is well worth the money !
 My 4 month olds love this . I 've been using it since he was 1 month old and it 's the only thing that calms him down . Now that he 's moving around a lot it 's fun to hear the music go off and on through the baby monitor . It lets me know that he 's awake . My husband and I were amazed the first time we heard it go on by itself . I also think it encourages him to move about in his crib . I peek in on him occasionally and I 'll find him trying to kick it .
 My 8 month old has been falling asleep to this for 3 months now . I wish there were more tunes and the bubbles are too loud , but other than that it is very soothing to watch and listen . He likes playing with the lever and button roller . They should ditch the bubbles and just make the fish move and add some more songs .
 I recieved this as a gift for my daughter and we put it in her crib when she was 2 months old . She really loves it and will not go to sleep at night until she hears the music and then she is out . She loves music and this is great for that . During the day she enjoys watching it and then she smiles . She is only 3 months and she likes it now !
 My daughter can not resist this !!! We 've been working on getting her to sleep better at night , and if she 's awake at all when we put her down , this takes care of it ! She loves to watch the lights , and she calms down very quickly with this product . It 's certainly helped my husband and I get some sleep ! : -RRB-
 This product is great . My baby is only six weeks old and has been mezmerized by it for two weeks . A must have for new moms .
 My sister just inherited our Ocean Wonders Aquarium , which after 2 active children should say something about it 's ruggedness . It was hard to let go of this practical mommy & daddy ; 's aid because my two children just adored it and only stopped playing with it recently -LRB- my youngest is almost 3 ! -RRB- . I loved that there were different music options so that we could play one tune for naps and another for night time . I also liked that there were different stimulation options . Something lively for diaper changes -LRB- when you want them to be entertained so you can slip a diaper on -RRB- and something drowsy for sleepy-time . It straps firmly to most cribs -LRB- at least the two I had -RRB- and I have never worried about it coming loose or pinching inquisitive fingers.And so this sturdy item is off to become one of my extended family 's inherited items ; passed like bikes and doll houses from child to child , family to family .
 My little boy , who is 15 months , loves this aquarium . The music is very soothing and helps him fall asleep . Just today I rocked him with the music playing and he was asleep within minutes.I know he also loves to play with the aquarium since I hear him playing with it in the morning and after he wakes for naps . Sometimes he 'll want to be put in his crib just to play with it.We are having baby # 2 soon , so I am definitely getting a second one so both kids have one in their room.I highly recommend this for any baby !!!
 Very nice to have for the crib . Nice noises and the music is soothing . There are n't too many different songs though , so you will hear the same one a lot . My daughter likes to roll the ball to open and close the clam . The battery has lasted a long time . Good shower gift too !
 My mom bought me this for my shower and I absolutely do n't know what i would have done without it . My son is now 1 year old and it still helps sooth him to sleep . I always use the setting that just plays music because it seems to use less battery . But it plays a melody and then ends and then it slowly starts up and plays it again , and then eventually stops . It is great!If you are trying to decide whether or not to get one , GET ONE , you wo n't regret it . It 's worth it 's weight in gold . Sleep is important ! ~ Valerie
 This is better than a mobile but we have that too ! It calms my daughter right down so she can fall asleep . As soon as she hears the music she looks over and starts falling asleep . She loves it and so do we . It hooks securley to the crib and stays in place . At this point we could not live without it !
 I 'm so glad I registered for this item . My 5 month old has used this for 3 months now and he is still as interested in it as he was the first time he saw it . It is wonderful in the middle of the night if he wakes up because I can usually turn it on and soothe him back to sleep . The other feature I like about this toy is , unlike other musical crib toys , this one has several different settings on it . You can use each setting with or without lights and with or without bubbles . Our little boy just loves this ! I strongly recommend this item because you will get months of use out of it .
 I started using this aquarium in my daughter 's crib when she was just a few weeks old . The songs it plays are so soothing.It has now become part of her naptime and bedtime routine . We have it set to play music and light up for a 10 minute interval and she is always fast asleep before the music ends.She is now almost 7 months old and can play with the buttons in the front of it . The only thing I wish is that it had a remote control so I could turn it off from a distance after she falls asleep . I 've been awaken a couple of times by the music coming on in the wee hours of the morning as she entertains herself with it !
 I bought 2 of these in my sons first 2 years . Not because of bad quality ... we wore it out the gears ... worth every penny . My son would get up in the middle of the night at 18 mos . and turn it on and go back to sleep !!!
 I originally had the older model , which I picked up at a garage sale . But it was broken and made a clicking noise . So I bought the newer model and I love , love , love it . My son is n't old enough to turn it on by himself yet , but it TOTALLY helps him fall asleep.I just wish it would play longer . It seems to be on short play cycle , and if he does n't fall asleep in the time it plays , I have to get up and turn it on again . And again , and again .
 My son was born a preemie and had been in the hospital for five months now and he is so enthralled wit this toy . It soothes and calms him , All of the nurses and doctors say that he is not delayed in any way . I say a hugh part goes to this and the crib cd player . He loves it and so do I !!!!!!!!!
 My colicky 7-week-old loves staring at all the lights and bubbles . It helps to distract her a little when she 's in the throes of a colic fit . Plus , since she has the ocean wonders swing , the music is the same ... I think she finds that soothing . I only wish it had the option to play the music longer . It only plays it for a few minutes , and it 's just not enough ! Just when dd is falling asleep , it turns off , and she starts crying again .
 My son started using this as soon as we broght him home and he loves it ! We have a large `` real '' aquarium he loves to stare at and when its time to go to bed the Ocean Wonders Aquarium does the trick . I do wish it would stay on longer as he does n't quite get to sleep fast enough -LRB- it shuts off after 5 , 10 or 15 mins depending on the mode -RRB- but i usually wait and push the button again for him . We have had it for 4 months and have n't had to change the batteries yet eithr . A big plus when you have a house full of battery operated toys .
 I have had this aquarium in my son 's crib since he was born . I have it set on one song -LRB- just learned the other day there are other choices :-RRB- and play it for him every night I put him to sleep . When he was around 4 or 5 months he started touching the buttons himself and now at 6 months knows exactly what to do to turn on the bubbles -LRB- that he just loves watching -RRB- and hitting the other buttons . I started tearing up the night I watched him turn it on and off , on and off ... they learn so fast ! You will be so happy with this crib toy !
 We have been very satisfied with the Ocean Wonders Aquarium . My son is now 17 months and I left it attached to his crib b/c it would keep him occupied in the morning ! One morning I had noticed that he had partially knocked it off , so it was dangling upside down . The liquid inside had started to leak out onto the floor . I do n't know what type of liquid it is so I immediatley threw it out . I will definately purchase another one for our next child . I just wanted parents to be aware that this can happen .
 My son is 3 weeks old and loves his aquarium . I started playing it for him when he was just 6 days old . At first he loved listening to the water and bubbles but , now he loves to see the fish move around as well as listening to the water and bubbles . It helps to put him to sleep as well as keeping him asleep !! The only draw back to this item is the timing on the bubbles . It only last for 3 minutes and that sometimes is not long enough to put him to sleep or quiet him down . I wish it had a remote that way you did n't have to keep getting out of bed to turn it on . Other then that one draw back I love this item and would recommend it to any mom !!!
 I got this toy at my baby shower and installed it in my son 's crib right away ... he is 7-1/2 mos now and ABSOLUTELY loves it . . he loves being able to hit it on and off and it keeps him entertained for about 10-15 mins before I have a chance to go in and take him out of his crib . I would HIGHLY recommend this Toy ...
 I received Ocean Wonders as a gift when my son was born . He is now 16 months old and he still plays with it . As soon as he could pull himself up , he played with it . In the mornings , I would wake up to the sound of soothing music and water while he played , rather than to crying or screaming . I am ordering one for my baby brother - he just has his first baby and I know he 'll appreciate it as much as I do .
 I recieved this as a baby shower gift . My son is now 19 months old and still loves it . He will not go to sleep without it on . My sister inlaw purchased this for me and is now using hers for her third child and they all seem to love it as well . Do n't hesitate to purchase this you will not be disappointed .
 I got this for my son when he was two months old . I had to push the button for him , but he loved to watch the lights and bubbles . The music was very soothing for him . It helped to get him in the mood for bed . Now he is six months old . He still loves it at night , but now when he wakes up in the morning , he loves to play with it . He has it all figured out . He loves making the starfish spin and the clam open and close . I highly reccomend this toy .
 This toy is wonderful . My 4 month old is able to turn it on and off with it 's big blue button . It has a light in it that came in handy for me a few times at night . Just know that when you push the button , the bubbles go as well as the light . I like the fact that it has several settings.My husband dropped this toy onto concrete once . It 's fine . Very durable . The bubbles were very soothing to my child when he was a newborn . Its a great crib toy.There is no volume switch on it which is not cool . I also wish that the bubbles would run longer than they do . They only work for about 60 seconds before the toy goes back to sleep mode . I still like this toy a lot though , and so does my son .
 We purchased this before my daughter was born and now she is two . She has slept with it her entire life . Some of the reviews complained of a noisy motor , I think of it as a little white noise , which is good for fussy babies . It can gobble batteries if you use the bubble function , but if you stick to lights and music only , your batteries will last much longer . It has such a wide variety of music and sounds , I wish they made one for adults ! Who would n't fall asleep with this thing ? And , most importantly , as my daughter grew I believe it helped her learn to put herself back to sleep during the night . Sometimes I would hear her wake on the baby monitor , but instead of calling for us , she learned to push the blue button and soothe herself back to sleep . This thing is an absolute essential in our house . It goes with us when we travel too . God forbid it should ever break , but it is two years old and going strong . I 'll probably be sending it to college with her !
 I got this when my son was four months old and he is now 14 months old and still uses it to go sleep . He loves to `` talk '' to the fish and every night . He loves to push the buttons all the time to make it go . When he was younger the music on this was the only thing that calmed him down . It is very durable as my two year has unhook it and it fell on the floor and it still works fine . I would recommend this to everyone , the money is well worh it , and I know he will be using this for several more years as he loves this still .
 I love this aquarium . We first had the older version of it with my first son -LRB- broke it when he got older -RRB- . Then we got this one for my now 6 month old . I change his dipes in the crib sometimes or let him play there and I just turn it on for him to watch . He loves it . I LIKE that it can be loud because when I lay him down for a nap , I want it to drown out the noise in the background ... like of my almost 3 year old racing through the house . &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; It definitely keeps him entertained and even moreso as a newborn .
 I 've used the Ocean Wonders Aquarium from the day we brought our son home from the hospital . The ocean waves or the rain settings really help him fall asleep . Now that he 's 6 months old , he props himself up to watch the bubbles and the fish dance . He really enjoys watching the `` show '' . I like the fact that it also has interactive buttons . This is an item that will definitely grow with baby !
 This is the first toy my son ever paid attention to ... when he was a week old ! He watched the lights and movement mostly , since he was not really able to see too well yet and the lights are probably what really caught his attention . Within about 6 weeks he started reaching for it . The only drawback is that after pressing the `` on '' button , it only runs for about 5 minutes , so if you want to use it to calm a fussy baby you have to keep going back and pressing the button again -LRB- until he learns to press it himself -RRB- . I 'd have given this toy a straight 5 stars if it ran longer . Overall , a great toy and now I want to buy him the matching fish bowl !
 This crib toy is realy great . My 2 month old son loves it . There are a number of settings
 This is one of the best gifts my daughter ever received . She absolutley loves it . Since she was 6 months old she has been able to turn the aqarium on and off . If she wakes up in the middle of the night she turns it on to soothe herself back to sleep.In regards to durability , we have gone on several trips and have taken the aquarium with us . It withstood , several times , the rough handling of airport baggage.Overall , I highly recommend this toy . My daughter is now 15 months old and still enjoys the lulling sounds .
 With baby toys you throw out ideas and see what sticks . This one does . We received this as a shower gift . We had not registered for it or even seen it before but what a great gift ! This crib toy works better than any other for putting the baby to sleep . This is a water filled toy . The mamma and baby fish swim around in circles and there is an air pump inside that generates bubbles and the lights brighten and dim gradually to the beat of the music . It is very hypnotic to look at . I can not say about the educational value or durability as our baby is only three months old and is not old enough to appreciate the other features with the spinning star fish and clam shell . One interesting thing , this device takes a surprisingly large amount of power . It is probably the air pump . The toy uses four D batteries to operate !
 My son is only a couple of weeks old . He does n't focus on much , but he does stare at this aquarium to my surprise .
 I bought one for my 2 month old grandson and another 1 for 3 month old grandaughter for Christmas . When it arrived I tried it out and was very pleased.My grandson loves it and will fuss when the music or lights turn off -- he stares at it all the time . My grandaughter gets excited everytime she 's put into her crib now . None of the other crib toys we got her did the trick but this one sure did . Well worth the money-The music is pleasing unlike the glo-worm crib toy , the colors are nice and everything about this toy says gentle and sweet -- just what you want for a small baby .
 My 3 month old will lay and watch this until she drifts off to sleep . We ca n't go to bed at night without it . I like the fact that it shuts off on its own . The only problem with it is that we are always changing the batteries in it .
 The ocean aquarium is the best.My son falls asleep every night to ocean waves.Great for fussy babies who have a hard time falling asleep.Would tell any new mother to get this .
 I bought this aquarium for my son who is now 1 years old and it is the only way he will go to sleep when we put him in his crib . He loves watching the fish move around in the aquarium and loves the music . I would recommend this product to all the new moms and dads out there . Highly Highly recommended .
 This is a great item for baby when he/she is very young as well as for when they get older . You can also take this item with you when the baby has to sleep in different places other than his/her crib . A must have .
 This has been in my daughter 's crib from day one . It is a huge hit ! She uses it every night and every morning . She is now 15 months old , and she still turns this on first thing when she wakes up .
 My son received the earlier model of this toy before he was born and he wore it out -LRB- I purchased it on Ebay -RRB- . My mother-in-law bought him this newer model and this is one thing we never leave home without . My son is almost 2 now and he still uses it ! In the car when we travel , he holds it in his lap and plays the music/ocean sounds or opens the clam in the scene . I wish Fisher Price had chosen a better selection of music but apparantly my son loves it . I find it a little annoying but if I change it to the ocean sounds , he changes it back to the music . Overall , this is one of the best things that was ever purchased for my son .
 It 's a good tool to have in the crib when teaching your baby to fall asleep on his or her own . The music alone lasts 15 min , and does n't drain the battery . Music combined with other effects does n't last as long . My son is 7 mos old and we are changing the battery for the first time . It 's been an enjoyable accessory in the nursery .
 We got this as a baby shower gift and our baby loves it . She is five months old and she reaches and plays with the buttons . She is also fascinated with the lights , especially at night . It actually keeps her entertained for awhile while I take care of chores . It is a great gift !!!
 As this is my first child , I have never used the peaceful planet thing . I do like this , though . I thought the motor was a little noisy , but the rhythm of the motor is part of what lulls my daughter to sleep so well . She 's such a light sleeper that every time I put her down she wakes back up no matter what I do . This aquarium is the only reason she sleeps in her crib -- she loves it !
 I read so many glowing reviews that talk about this toy like it 's magic . I was surprized to see so many negative reviews here . Then I looked at the dates and noticed they were all written almost a year ago . I guess that was around the time FP stopped making Peaceful Planet and many of the reviewers were disappointed that Ocean Wonders was different . Well I 've never had any other aquarium toy , so my review is based solely on my experience with Ocean Wonders . I was first drawn to it because I needed to keep my daughter entertained in her crib , but I did n't want her to have to lay on her back to look up at a mobile . I wanted something she could see on her side and during tummy time . This is exactly what I was looking for . Unlike a mobile , it does n't have to be removed once the baby can reach it . There are little levers for the baby to play with , even an on/off button . There is also an on/off swith in the back where the baby ca n't reach , along with volume control and settings . You can choose from 3 different water sound effects and 3 seperate songs or a medley of all 3 songs . You can also watch bubbles and moving fish or keep the motor off and just play sound with or without lights . The soothing sound effects have helped lull my baby to sleep . The bubbles and music have kept her distracted while I left the room and the lever and button are always there when she 's ready to reach up and play . I do n't know what I would have done without this toy . We use it daily . I 'll always remember the first time I played it for her . She looked at it in awe , then looked at me as if to say ` Thank you Mommy ' . I 'm so glad I bought it for her .
 What a wonderful toy . My son falls asleep to the calming music and also the ocean sounds . We cant ask for me . He loves to lay in his crib and watch the fish as they move . Just wonderful
 Contrary to the other opinions I was reading about the Fisher Price Ocean Wonders Aquarium , we -LRB- parents and baby -RRB- love it . I do not find it too loud , and it does put my son to sleep . He gets a lot of use out of it . I ca n't speak for the old model , because I am not familiar with that one , but I think this one is great .
 I bought this now for 3 friends that were having babies . All 3 find that this aquarium has been indispensible for lulling their children to sleep . A friend just the other day told me that this aquarium still helps her son go to sleep and he 's 8 mos . old now . He 's been using it since he was first born .
 My baby really does turn this on to watch the fish move . The sound is great and the colors are very soothing . An excellent choice . It is great on batteries too , since we ; ve not had to replace them in 4 months and the toy is used daily .
 I adore this toy.I receive it as a gift around christmas time.My baby wasnt due till June.We couldnt wait for our daughter to enjoy this toy.She is now 2 mths old.She lays in her crib cooing to the fish.The music is so relaxing and soothing.It is well worth the money.I just wish the music lasted longer.I buy this toy as gifts to soon to be moms.Its wonderful idea .
 We received this as a gift when our son was born , and did n't use it until he was about a month old -LRB- we kept forgetting to buy D batteries ! -RRB- . Oh , how I wish we had used it sooner ! It is simply a wonderful toy , and our son adores it . It is an integral part of our nighttime routine . Now , when he hears the soft music , our son knows it 's time for bed and immediately settles in for the night.The aquarium is durable , able to withstand lots of kicks from little feet , and the batteries last a long time . We use it on the 10-minute music and lights only setting every night , and it took a good four months for the batteries to wear out . My only complaint is that the music volume , while adjustable , is still a bit loud even on the lowest setting . -LRB- On the softest setting , my husband and I can still hear the music across the hall in our room , even when our son 's bedroom door is almost completely closed . -RRB- Other than that small inconvenience , this is a great toy that we intend on purchasing for other new babies and their parents .
 This toy is the best crib toy I have ever seen . It plays different music aswell as ocean sounds . The best part is when my daughter wakes up before I do she can push it on by herself and play until I can get myself to wake up . It attaches well to the crib and is great to take down and take with you in the car . Any new parent should buy this toy , Fisher Price goes it again !
 Our son is amused by this aquarium ! It is on the side of his crib and I turn it on every night before he falls asleep . Sometimes it takes 2 or 3 restarts before he falls asleep but it does help ! He laughs hysterically at the fish . Great entertainment ! Unfortunately it did not start to entertain him until he was 4 months . When he was newborn we tried to hang it on his bassinet and he did not respond to it and the music drove us crazy ! All in all it is a great -LRB- and inexpensive -RRB- way to soothe and occupy our baby !
 A friend gave my son this toy when he was born . He really started to check it out at about 5 months . When he would wake up at night and in the morning I could hear him turn it on and off by himself . He 's 6 1/2 months now , and plays with it more than ever . The music is really nice and comforting . Definitely a keeper .
 We put this on our daughters crib right when we got home from the hospital . She was pretty colicky and it was a great help at that time to calm her after her crying spells . When she got a little older -LRB- she is now 11 months -RRB- , she began playing it herself while she was trying to go to sleep . She would also play with the toys on the aquarium while in her crib either trying to go to sleep or while we were letting her have her me time . she absolutely loves this toy and constantly plays with it . I recommend this for all babies .
 My 18 month old still loves this one in her room . Now she is able to turn it on and off herself . Most mornings her turning it on is the first thing I hear her do before getting out of bed .
 This is by far my sons favorite toy to date . He loves the soothing music , the soft lights and the bright moving fish . He will lay for extended periods of time entranced with this toy . We love it !
 This has saved us so many times . It helps teach babies that they do n't have to fall asleep in a parent 's arms to go to sleep . Also , if they thrash around in the middle of the night -LRB- half awake -RRB- they can turn it back on themselves , which puts them back to sleep again !
 I bought this for my son before he was born . And everytime i put him to bed i would turn it on . He is now 14 months old and he turns it on himself and then lays down to go to sleep . The settings allow you to set the amount of time the song plays , the song it plays and the movement of the characters . My son goes to sleep on his own as he watches this toy .
 My daughter loves this toy ! It is so entertaining for her ... and it helps her sleep . I just wish the music would stay on longer . As soon it stops , my daughter wakes up !!!
 We received this toy as a shower gift and 6 months later our daughter is still in love with it . It even entertains our 3 year old as well . Soothing music , fun lights and bubbles ... what more could a baby ask for . From our household to yours , we recommend this toy .
 We received this as a shower gift before our daughter was born . We decided to give it a try ... good thing we did ! Our daughter would listen to the soft music and get very calm in her crib . As time went on , she continued to love it - she is now 18 months and it is still on her crib . She turns it on in the morning and just lies quietly and wakes up slowly ! When she gets put down at night , you can hear her turn it on after you close the door . She can even set her own songs now ! This is a gem ! I buy it for everyone I know who is expecting and ca n't recommend it enough !
 This `` toy '' is not only a great way to help your baby go to sleep , and help your baby learn , it is also a wonderful night light . I am currently using the aquarium positioned near my son 's bassinet . When I hear him rustling around , I can use the music and lights setting -LRB- with the music turned down very low -RRB- to have a dim light to check on him , without having to wake him with a harsher lamp light . Pushing the purple button turns it on and off at my convenience . Very multi-functional , and a wonderful shower present .
 I am a Newborn Intensive Care Rn in a very busy unit . Our long term infants love this toy . After 27 years in this unit and all the toys we have used on our older chroniclly ill infants , this has been the best at intertaining them and keeping their attention . I now buy this gift for anyone I know having a baby .
 I cant really say anymore then all the other reviews but it is something that is handy . . It really helps if the kids are scared to goto sleep or helps relax then if they have colic . . I love all the different sounds it makes and the way the fish can dance when the bottons are pushed . . Plus it goes with the theme my son has in his room -LRB- sea life -RRB- ... I havent had any complaints . .
 great tool , we all loved it . very relaxing to our twins , highly recommended !!
 we bought this toy hoping that our 2 m/o baby will like his crib more . HE LOVES IT ! i love the settings for songs , ocean , rain and waterfall . the lights and bubbles facinate him . when i turn in on at night it puts him to sleep withing 10 min!i also love volume control . BUY IT ! IT 'S WORTH IT !
 The Ocean Wonders Aquarium was given to us by a family friend when our son was born in november of 2003 and it was one of the best gifts we ever received ! He was having a screaming fit when we turned it on . One look at the aquarium and he calmed right down . The various ocean and stream sounds and lullabys are wonderfully relaxing and he loves the cute little fish and continuous bubbles . We turn it on every night when he is put to bed and it helps him fall into a peaceful sleep every time ! I would recommend this crib toy to anyone and everyone !
 My son is 16 months and he has had this from day one . He has always enjoyed the sounds and lights , but now he enjoys playing with the clam and starfish and changing the settings on it . I often hear him turn it on when he 's trying to get to sleep . I think the light and bubbles are great company for him in his crib . He does sometimes like to lift the bottom and bang it down on his crib unfortunately , but other than that I would highly recommend this !
 My daughter is 2 1/2 and will not go to sleep with out her fishies . She has had them since she was 6 months old and had the old version and when that one went bad we got this one . I recommend it to everyone . It lulls her to sleep every nap and every night . Batteries last a lot longer in this version than the old version . LOVE IT !!
 My son is 21 months old and has had this in his crib since 1 month of age and still loves it . The different settings are great they never get bored with it because it can play many differnt songs .
 My baby started watching this at 4 weeks and loves it . There are various setting for music , lights and movements . It is calming and entertaining for her . When she gets older , she will be able to turn it on by herself and amuse herself with it . Great fun !
 The Ocean Wonders Aquarium is a treasure for little babies to behold ! After five months of having it in her crib , my seven month old daughter is STILL mesmerized by the lights and sounds . What a great way for me to spend fifteen minutes or so and get the dishwater loaded , etc. , and know she 's safe and happy in her crib for a while ! Now that she rolls over and scoots around , she loves to play with the knobs , and the on/off button on the front is a delight ! She loves knowing she has the control to turn it on and off over and over ! Not too hard on batteries either ... we 've had the same ones in since we began using it . What a wise investment ! I would recommend this crib toy above all others !
 Although I did n't get this as a baby shower gift -LRB- I did n't even register for one -RRB- , I think that the Ocean Wonders Aquarium is a must have . I bought this fo my daughter for her first Christmas -LRB- she only being a month old at the time -RRB- . Since then this has calmed her back to sleep too many times to count . I believe there are three of four songs and two types of water sounds , she is easily calmed by the Ocean waves as am I since we share the same room . I had thought about getting one of those white noise/environmental sound machines for her , but I am glad that I decided to buy this instead . For not only is she calmed by the ocean waves , but like to look at the little fish and air bubbles.I definitely recommend putting this on to any baby registry list .
 This aquarium is fantastic ! We bought it to put in our then 5 month old daughter 's crib at day care to help her take naps during the day . The results were amazing . She had gone from not being able to nap to simply watching the fish `` swim '' and listening to music until she quickly fell asleep . Also , instead of crying when she woke up she would turn the aquarium back on by herself and watch it again until her teacher came and got her . It has made nap time an easier and much more relaxing time for her and also made her a much happier baby because she is getting the sleep she needs during the day . Her teacher has also shared with me that if the babies in the room are fussy , she will turn on the aquarium so everyone can listen to the music and it settles them all down . This is one toy that recommend to every parent I know . Our daughter is nine months old now and still uses it on the days she goes to day care .
 My daughter has had hers since she was 4 months old -LRB- she 's now 15 months -RRB- and goes to sleep with it every night . If she wakes up during the night she turns the music on herself and goes back to sleep!Great investment !
 I got one of these at my baby shower . My son now 11 months old still likes it . We actually bought another one for my parents house for when they watched him . Definatly something that I will put away for my next born .
 My 7 week old daughter loves this toy . If you put her close to it at night she can turn it on herself when she moves . It soothes her back to sleep so I get more sleep as well . I thought that it was too loud when I first heard it but it works very well . I highly recommend this toy to parents . My favorite sound is just the bubbles that is usually what I keep on for her at night and it does not play forever which is nice .
 I love this aquarium . My son got this when he was 2 months old and has used it every night . If he wakes during the middle of the night either my husband or myself gets up and turnes it on and he is back to sleep . I also love that in the 4 months we have had it I havent had to replace the batteries . Any new parent would benefit from this wonderful toy !
 My nine month old son loves this toy . He really enjoys turning it on and off and pressing the knob , especially the one that makes the starfish turn . He turns the music on when he wants to fall back asleep . I rated it with 4 stars because the music becomes distorted when the fish move . I would buy it again . It makes a great gift .
 My 3 month old son loves to watch the fish with the bubbles , while listening to the sound of waves crashing . He does n't care for the music feature , but lives the sound of the waves . This runs for 5 minutes & then shuts off automatically unless you hit the blue button in front . My son was able to figure this out & turns it on by himself when he is awake in his crib at only 3 months old . This is great , because it keeps him amused while awake in the crib , so he does n't cry . Also , sometimes he will fall asleep after he turns it on , so I do n't have to get out of bed & come to him . The only turn off is the motor that runs the fish movement & bubbles is a little noisy , but the music & sound affects will cover it up if you turn the volume up .
 BUT , it does n't stay on long enough ! My 2 month old loves the lights and bubbles , and watches it right before he falls asleep . It only stays on for about 5 minutes , though , and he 's too young to turn it back on himself . Some nights , we have to turn it back on 5 + times . That 's my only criticism of this product .
 After reading the reviews about this toy , I went out and got this for my month old son . This is the best investment ! The music and sounds are very soothing and help him fall asleep . The lights and movment of the bubbles & fish also capture my son 's attention.This will be a great baby shower gift for my expectant friends . I wish I had put this on my registry !
 We received this as a baby shower gift and are still using it ! Our daughter is 14 months old and insists it be turned on when she goes to bed . Some people complain that it can be a little loud with the fish are rotating , but this seems to soothe my daughter . I think she enjoys the rhythmic sounds . I like the different tunes and sounds that are offered and switch them up from time to time for her . I did n't really know if I would use it at first , but am glad I did .
 This really works to soothe our 7 mon old and he loves to push the buttons and watch the `` fishys '' swim .
 We received this swing as a gift several weeks after our son was born . He 'd been having some colicky moments , and this swing has worked wonders in calming him down when nothing else will . It was easy to put together , the music is very catchy and soothing , and it is just a thousand times better than any other swing I 've seen . The only improvements I 'd make to it would be to have an option to set the amount of time for the music to play , and to have an optional plug-in instead of just battery power . Otherwise , I ca n't think of anything else that would improve this swing . Wonderful !
 This toy is a miracle ! After pressing the button , our baby -LRB- starting at 3 months old -RRB- falls asleep almost immediately ! It 's like his on and off button . The ocean sounds is like a mother 's heartbeat which is the reason why a baby would instantly calm down . It 's also very nice addition to a crib -- aestetic wise . Parents can not go without this item for the baby ! Two thumbs up and a 5 star rating !
 my son first got the Ocean wonder 's Aquarium as a baby shower gift and has been useing it since he was first born he is now 9 month 's old and he still loves useing it the soothing music and the soft light help 's him sleep not to mention the light show with the fish he now learned how to turn the Ocean wonder 's Aquarium on when he want 's the light show and the music and off when he had enough The Ocean wonder 's has 6 song 's soothing that it play 's I highly recomend this toy to everyone with a baby
 I have used the aquarium immensely ! When my son was born we used the ocean sounds and worked up to the lullabyes . He knows it 's time to sleep when we turn it on . He 's 5 months now and we still use it . He is beginning to play with the buttons and loves the lights and swimming fish . The music stays on for a while so he has some time to settle down for the night . You also have the option to turn off the `` light show '' if baby gets too distracted . Love this product !
 I recieved this at my baby shower . My daughter has loved it since the day I brought her home from the hospital . She listens to it every night when she goes to bed . She would always smile when i would turn it on when she was just a few weeks old , even if she was sleeping . Now she is 9 months old and still loves it . It is easy fopr her to turn on and make the little star fish move . She will sit and pay with it for quite some time
 My neice and nephew loved this toy and so when we had a baby it was the first thing we wanted ! Our son LOVES it . We like the original version ... the newer one is n't as cute and we like the music from the original one too . I can not say anything negative about this toy ! A must have !
 We received this toy as a gift when our son was six months old -LRB- he 's almost 2 now -RRB- . He quickly learned to use it , and it was much better than the mobile , because he could turn it on himself at any time . We have used link-a-doo 's to connect it to a pack-n-play when traveling . Since he is now in a twin bed , I have again used link-a-doo 's to connect it to the headboard , and he still loves it . I think that we 've only changed the batteries twice in a year and a half -- wonderful !!
 What kid DOES N'T have one on their crib these days ? Rotton pain in butt to put back on crib after changing the batteries . HEAVY . Good side ... our son learned to operate the thing himself around 9 and 1/2 months old ... he 'll now wake up at 3am , turn it back on and go back to sleep . We 're expecting again in 3 months and she 'll certainly have one , too . It 's also a neat altenative to a nightlight .
 We had the ocean wonders aquarium since my son was a week old . He is not 15 months and still loves it ! He falls asleep to the melody every nap-time and plays w / the buttons when he is awake . He turns on the music by himself and absolutely loves to spin the star-fish and watch the bubbles . The melodies are great for putting your baby to sleep . This item was recommended to us by numerous couples and I give it a perfect 10 !
 We were given this toy for a shower gift . We used it right away . It helped block out some noise from our then 3 year old when baby was going to sleep . As soon as baby could sit up he learned how to turn it on and once he could stand he figured out all the other controls . He turns it on whenever he wakes up and if it is still `` sleepy-time '' it puts him right back to bed . If the light part is turned off he seems to cry more because I think the light helps him find his lost paci!This is an excellent toy - the best baby entertainment/soother purchase ever ! I recommend it to everyone I know . I have seen people in the store looking at it and stopped to tell them how great I think it is .
 Okay , I have to say that this was actually the best toy for our child for her first year . She loved the music , and sounds when she was a tiny infant . When she got a little older , she started to learn how to push the buttons , and get music/sounds , or just watch the characters/bubbles move . It got to the point that we were able to move the baby out of our room by the time she was 5 months old because , when she woke up - instead of crying , she would play with this toy , and that would tell us she was awake.The music is soothing , and our daughter loves the music -LRB- but it also has sounds - all are very soothing -RRB- . When she wakes up in the middle of the night , she plays with this , and puts herself back to sleep . I would recommend putting this in the crib as soon as you can , so the child can get used to it . And then when they can sleep on their stomach , encourage/play with the toy with them.Our daughter is now almost a year old , and she STILL loves that toy . It is very sturdy , and I really do n't have any complaints . The only reason why I gave 4 stars for education was because , it really just teachers her cause & effect.The only thing that I can think that I would warn people of is that once your child gets older , and starts to pull up , they will fiddle with the controls on the top , and may make the volume a little louder than what you would want the next time they hit the on switch . So make sure you turn it down before you put them to bed at night .
 My little girl is 9 weeks old and loves her aquarium . When I lay her down in her crib and she falls asleep with a little help from her aqurium .
 I ca n't say enough good things about this product . Our infant loves it , and even we adults find the music very soothing -LRB- despite LOTS of repeat listening -RRB- . Overall an excellent investment !
 So many people recommended this to us . Our daughter has LOVED this aquarium from the time we moved her into her crib at 2 months and still loves it today at 15 months ! She turns it on and off herself now and `` talks '' to the little fish . We take it with us when traveling even . We think this is a MUST HAVE !!
 This miracle invention lulls our sweet 2 month old son to sleep almost every night . He loves to watch the fish and water while listening to the music . Our only complaint is it automatically shuts off in 5 minutes . You might be able to change this but we are not sure yet . A great addition to any crib !
 my infant loves this toy !! everynight i use it to put her to sleep . she loves looking at the soft lights and listening to the music . i read several reviews of people saying they were upset because the music only lasted for five min , and that was not long enough to put baby to sleep ! however it will play for longer !! up to ten minutes -LRB- it depends on what setting you put it on -RRB- if you read the manual , i believe it is the setting for lights and music only . and so far ten min has been plenty of time for my little one to fall asleep !! its drifts her off right into a trance !!
 Our son just loves this aqauarium . The eternal skeptic , I thought this looked a bit hokey - but after a night - I was sold . Not a night goes by without playing it . Our baby is usually asleep before the song is over . Now , at 3 months - our son can `` turn it on '' by himself . I recommend this to any parent !
 I bought this for my 8 week old son and have used it for about 2 weeks now . It does exactly what it is intended to do . It gets his attention , soothes him , he loves the bubbling water setting and loves to watch the bubbles . As far as the sound goes , there is a volume setting . I put it on very low at night and it 's fine.The musical choices are n't the best , but hey , it 's music and he seems to like it .
 I think every parent should put this toy on their registry . A neighbor recommended it to me for my fussy 8 month old who would not go to sleep at night -LRB- it was the Peaceful Planet version which is now discontinued -RRB- . It was like magic , ten minutes and my son was fast asleep without crying because there was too much to look at ! True , I agree that it does n't take long for tots to figure out how to unlatch the straps which attach it to the crib rails , but my son never undid the acquarium to the point where it posed a danger of falling . I am a very safety conscious Mom and would not put anything near my child that could harm him . By using this toy mainly at nap and nightime for sleeping , you will certainly agree that the benefits far outway any risk . Finally , some well deserved sleep for Moms and Dads !!
 I bought this for my new baby daughter before she was born . She could n't see it at the end of her crib so I hooked it onto her changing table and she loves watching it . It is much easier to change her diaper when something else has her attention . She is almost 5 months now and loves it even more than ever . Since there are a few different song settings you can switch it just before you think you 'll loose your mind . I highly recommend this item !
 This was a baby shower gift for my baby girl . And I did not really know if I would ever use it since I already had a mobile . But my baby seems to enjoy this aquarium better than the mobile when she turned 5 months.It really keeps her in good mood when she should fall asleep . With the light you still see the baby in a perfect dark room.And now , with baby turning 8 months , she is able to hit the on and off button herself with either hand or feet . This toy really keeps her occupied!I highly recommend this soother !
 I bought this toy for my daughter when she was about 4 month 's old and I wish I would have bought it sooner.I have the older model of this toy and I had always wished it had a way for my child to interact more with it and now it does . I think it 's great how they added the wheel 's and things to the front of it . I ca n't tell you how many night 's this toy has soothed my daughter to sleep.It is so cute how the fish swim around and how it project 's waves on the ceiling . I like how you can change the music to play different sounds and music . The only problem it goes through batteries pretty quickly . But other than that it is a great toy .
 I really was excited when I saw the commercial for this product . I rushed out and bought it for my new baby . Fisher Price would have a complete winner if they would make only two minor changes!First of all , the button to turn it on and off is right between two `` toys '' on the aquarium . The on/off feature should be in the back with the rest of the controls.Secondly , the motor is WAY too loud ! I 'm sure technology allows for a much more quiet motor.I would gladly pay -LSB- amt -RSB- more for this product if it included these two changes . I was completely satisfied with the choices of music and sounds . The songs are better , more modern versions of traditional nursery songs . The sounds of the ocean and waves are cool , but sort of drowned out by the motor . You have to turn the sound up pretty loud to drown out the noise of the motor . The lights could be a tad bit brighter.Even with the few flaws , this product is still great . I hope someone from Fisher Price reads this review and makes the changes soon .
 My mom bought this for my 6 week old son , he has colic and he loves this toy . We have it on his changing table and I turn it on whenever I change his diaper . His favorite setting is with the bubbles . This toy is especially great because it is sometimes the only thing that soothes him during his colicky periods . Highly recommended .
 I had the other -LRB- Peaceful Planet -RRB- aquarium for my son , it was wonderful , but no longer available ! This aquarium is definately a suitable alternative!My daughter was in the habit of crying herself to sleep -LRB- she does not like to be rocked when she 's REALLY tired ! -RRB- , this has been a lifesaver ! It has several water sounds -LRB- waves , rain , babbling brook -RRB- and soft lights that slowly fade in and out . The fish `` swim '' around , and it has what I consider authentic `` fish tank '' sounds , which really help lull my baby to sleep ! It does only stay on for approximately 5 minutes , but by that time Sophie is fast asleep ! It 's also quite durable , the straps secure it firmly to the side of the crib . I do miss the `` light show '' on the ceiling that the former model had , but my baby does n't seem to mind ... I highly recommend buying this product , especially if your little one has a hard time falling asleep on his/her own ! My older children -LRB- ages 7 and 2 -RRB- love this toy as well ! While there is minimal `` stuff '' for your baby to actually do with this toy , it is still guaranteed to be a hit ! -LRB- Sophie LOVES looking at the fish and bubbles -RRB- I have also noticed the batteries last longer in this model ; Sophie is 6 months old , I bought this for her about two months ago ~ have yet to change the batteries ! I use it every time she goes in the crib ~ 2 naps a day plus bedtime ! -RRB-
 I got this at my baby shower . I love the whole ocean theme . Kayli loves it , and the best part is she 's not even a month old . She loves the music and watching the bubbles with the lights . It puts her to sleep almost every night and every nap time . A wonderful invention .
 My three month old sleeps great at night , however , will not nap . She was so overtired by the end of the day there was nothing we could do to console her . I tried everything to get her to nap ... but she would n't close her eyes . This thing saved our lives . Now I put her in her crib , turn on the aquarium , and she 's asleep in minutes . Not only does this help with napping , it makes bedtime easier too . The sounds are very soothing , I even love listening to it . I only wish I had bought this sooner . Great product .
 Our baby got the ocean wonders aquarium for his first Christmas.He was only 10 days old . He did n't pay too much attention the first few weeks , but now at 7 weeks he loves it.he will stare at the fishes and bubbles until he is sleepy.The only problem is it does n't stay on long enough and we end up having to keep turning it back on for him -LRB- he cries when it shuts off -RRB- . I know as soon as he is a little older he can do this himself . Still it 's a great toy even though it shuts off too soon .
 My 7-month old son loves to watch and listen to this aquarium as he settles down to take a nap . The musical choices are soothing with a consistent beat that lulls him to sleep . He also loves to turn the music on and off by himself , and to play with the starfish and oyster buttons . Visually , the water , moving fish , lights , and bubbles are very restful and soothing . I highly recommend this product !
 We bought this shortly after our daughter was born and she loves it . She has been being lulled to sleep by it for several months now . It has several different settings , one with bubbles , one with lights , one with just music . The music is surprising peaceful , which is nice because our room is right next to hers . It is n't annoying in the slightest and it has a volume control too . We use just the music mode at bedtime and she is usually asleep before it automatically shuts off - about 15 minutes later . When she is a bit older she will be able amuse herself by starting the music up -LRB- if we have the unit turned on -RRB- but pushing the blue button on the front . By the way , we are still on the first battery which I consider to be a big plus as well .
 We bought this aquarium for my son 's crib when he was around 4-5 months old to help soothe him to sleep at night -LRB- and distract him so we could leave the room without upseting him ! -RRB- He 's almost a year old now and he still loves this toy ! The best part about this toy is that he plays with it when he wakes up in the morning . So not only does it keep him entertained , but it also buys us a few more minutes of much needed sleep in the morning ! We liked ours so much we just bought one for my bestfriend 's son who is 18 months old . I was worried he may be too old for it , but she said he loves it and it was one of the best gifts he received . I highly recommend it !
 When my daughter was really little , she loved to watch the lights and the bubbles . As she got older she loved to turn it on and off and play with all the buttons . When she would wake up , she hardly ever cried , I knew she was awake because I heard the music of the aquarium . After a while the bubbles stopped working and the lights would n't turn on . I read on the back that this meant the batteries were low . So I replaced the batteries and it quit working completely . I called the # on the back of the toy and they are supposed to replace it for me . It is taking a long time and meanwhile my daughter misses it in her crib . I have heard many other people complain of the same problem . Overall , I love the toy , but they need to make it more durable .
 My 4 month old daughter is just starting to learn that she can affect the world and this toy is helping to teach that lesson . This is the first toy that she has ever been able to turn on and off by herself . She was stunned the first time she hit the blue bar and the lights and sound went off . She was thrilled when she hit it again and everything came back on . It keeps her interest about 10 minutes at a time -- which is no small feat for a baby her age . The only problem I have is how to attach it to the crib with the bumper pad in the way -- and still have it low enough for her to reach . I 'm still trying to figure that out .
 I bought the original Aquarium when it first cane out in 2000 and I absolutely loved it . But when I took it out this year for our next child a lot of the water had evaporated . I bought her a new one and was certain this one would be even better than the first , but unfortunatly I was wrong . The original was so quiet , and this one is quite loud when it is on the bubble setting . We can barely hear the music over the hum of the motor . I 'm torn between pulling out the old one or using the new one without the bubbles . All the other features are great . And I like the way the lights change . Oh yah , on the original you could see the lights reflect onto the ceiling . This one does n't do that . I would have given the original 5 stars , but this one I consider average .
 I bought this when my daughter was six months for her first Christmas gift . When we used it for the first time she was scared and cried . We took it away , put it back out , and she LOVED it ! I think she was scared because it was her first time in her new crib and she was not used to it . Now when we turn it on she knows it means bed time , falls asleep right away , knows how to turn it on when she wakes up in the middle of the night , and plays quietly with the clam and star fish in the morning while waiting for mommy to come get her . I ca n't wait to use it for her baby brother ! A mom of two .
 My mom bought this for my son for Christmas when he was 6 months old . Let me tell you , we put it on for him EVERY night to put him to sleep . It stays on just long enough . It 's great if he wakes up in the middle of the night . Sometimes he 'll kick the button himself to turn it on and it 'll put him back to sleep . We usually keep the lights and music on , without the vibrate , and since Christmas we 've had to replace the batteries once already.During the day when he 's in his crib we turn the volume up a bit . My older kids like to press the button to make different tunes come on . The baby loves to kick at it and turn it on . At 8 months old he 's just started getting interested in the little gadgets on it.Definitely worth buying , just keep in mind that you 'll need to buy batteries a few times before baby outgrows it .
 I just love this product . I love that it has volume control and different musical sounds to choose from . It 's so easy to use and is great for calming the baby down during diaper changes , feedings , or bedtime . I also like that you can just play the music if you choose to without the lights and bubbles . This is a great gift idea , we love it for our baby .
 Emily -LRB- 21 mos -RRB- wore out BOTH of her Peaceful Planet aquariums by using them nonstop and taking them with her on all her travels . So , I wanted to get a replacement , only to discover that it was no longer available , and the only substitute was this one.She got this one from Santa , and so far it falls a bit short of the Peaceful Planet one . The other one projected watery waves on the ceiling and was a better nightlight ; this one 's kind of dim -LRB- which is OK if your baby is n't used to the bright one -RRB- ; it only plays for about 5 mins before needing to be restarted , it has a really loud pump motor that actually makes the whole crib go chugga chugga -LRB- I do n't think she minds this so far -RRB- , and the music is a little creepy -LRB- though we only use the ocean wave sounds -RRB- . On the plus side , she really likes the easy to use start button and the activity buttons that her other aquarium did n't have , and I like the lights slowly going off and on rather than blaring.I 'm thinking of checking out some online auctions for the Peaceful Planet aquarium - Emily really loved that one , and shows no sign of outgroing her crib or her crib aquarium !
 Folks , I am the mother of four kids - two are twins , and one is autistic . This is THE product to buy if you are teaching your baby to fall asleep on their own . My oldest and youngest preferred the water sounds , and the twins preferred the music - the beauty of this toy is that it serves BOTH tastes , so you do not have to find a product that works through trial and error . Additionally , the light feature is soothing and beautiful ... perfect for chasing away fears of the dark . I have made it my business to buy this toy for every mother and baby that I love in my life . I encourage you to try this product !!
 We just love our aquarium crib toy and so have both of our children . When they are just new borns the music is great for soothing them to sleep . The light up features make enough light in the room to see your little one if the wake in the night . The interactive levers make it an enjoyable crib toy for older babies . Overall it is a great crib toy that will grow with your child and is very easy to mount to any crib or cradle !
 My 8 month has been loving this crib toys since the first day we put her sleeping in her crib at 1 month old . It plays wonderful soothing songs . I love how it allows you to use 3 different settings -LRB- music , music & lights , or music & lights & movement -RRB- . I normally leave it on the 2nd setting -LRB- music & lights -RRB- b/c it helps prolong the batteries and it will run 10 minutes before it shuts off on setting 1 or 2 . I definitely rate this as one of my top 3 baby shower gifts -LRB- # 1 angel sounds monitor , and # 2 aquarium bouncy seat -RRB- .
 We received this acquarium at a baby shower . At first I was concerned it was going to be too TV-like . However , it 's very interactive and is appropriate for a broad range of developmental levels . My daughter is 8 months old and still enjoys pulling the lever and spinning the ball.As far as being a soothing instrument to aid in falling asleep , I ca n't say this provided anything like that . However , often in the mornings she will wake up and play quietly for 5-10 minutes .
 Great to put baby to sleep ! Choice of 3 or 4 new age music songs or waterfall , white noise , or ocean waves . There are options for music/sounds only , music and lights , or music and lights and bubbles with the moving fish.I received both the old and new version of this and upon further review I 'd have to say I like the old version better . While the new version has a nice feature -LRB- in concept -RRB- to easily detatch the battery compartment , in reality it does n't work . Most of the time I need two hands to push the battery compartment in fully so it works . This has to be done nearly every time you want to turn it on . Second , this new version makes a loud mechanical noise as the fish rotate around inside -LRB- very annoying -RRB- . Third , there are not as many music/sound options as the old version.Only two complaints -LRB- minor -RRB- on the old version - 1 -RRB- This product has tiny little screws for the battery cover - this is a pain for battery replacement , you risk losing the little screws , and this does n't seem to be any sort of safety improvement over a standard pop on/off battery cover ; 2 -RRB- one of the two fish is broken -LRB- it does n't rotate/swim -RRB- but I just do n't have the energy to return it to the store.Overall this is a great product - very soothing and relaxing and great for bedtime . Living in NYC it provides very nice , calm background noise -LRB- always essential to block out some of the `` city '' noise -RRB- .
 Our 18mo . old son fell in love with this toy while visiting relatives and when he got home I bought this for him to have on our changing table . it keeps him playing while I change him , it is much easier now . he loves it !
 Having no other aquarium to compare this one with , my little 5 month old finds it very soothing when all else has failed . I have no trouble lowering the volume and she loves the lights , bubbles and songs . And when nothing else has worked , this will stop her crying and help her to sleep ! My only complaint is that it does n't run by itself longer before you have to restart it .
 This is a great item - especially if you have two children and need to place the baby in the crib awake to fall asleep . Our 5 month old loves the soothing sounds and falls quietly to sleep every night . In the morning he has learned how to hit the right place to start the music . It 's wonderful and he loves it .
 We bought this when we found out we were having a baby ! And LOVE IT !! Our daughter has had the Oceans Wonders Aquarium in her crib since day one and I honestly think it is a reason she has been sleeping through the night since 2 months of age.When she is done with it I am going to take it into our room . It 's so relaxing !
 The only reason that I gave this item 4 stars instead of five is because I feel it needs either a remote or a timer that you can set . It was easy to install and my son at 6 weeks turned right to it when I turned it on . He loves to look at and talk to the fish . It usually will lull him to sleep . I do think that it needs a longer timer or a remote so you do n't have to lean over your baby to hit the button to keep it playing . Otherwise , it is an excellent product . I would highly recommend this and to me it is a `` must have '' item !
 My mother in law bought this toy for my 9 month old for christmas and as soon as we hooked it on her crib she loved it . I thought she was too young for it at the time but she would just watch it until she fell asleep . Now she knows how to turn it on and off and play with the doodads on it . We really love it !
 My son received the aquarium as a holloween gift from his grandma . He was three months old at the time and enjoyed watched the lights and bubbles when he was in his crib . He is now seven months old and we know when he is awake because the first thing he does is turn on the aquarium and then play with the other two buttons . It has also been useful as a night light when he wakes up during the night . I just walk in and turn it on to see what he needs and then let it play to help him go back to sleep . He liked is so much that grandma ended up buying one for her house when she is watching him .
 This toy has been the best buy I have made for my son so far . We visted my in-laws in Oklahoma and my son could not sleep without it so his grandmother went and bought him one . We have gone through a lot of batteries ! I have enjoyed the different setiings , not only is it calming at night , but he loves to play and watch the bubbles durning the day .
 This is a wonderful product . It is gentle and soothing and can almost always calm my daughter from fussiness to gentle cooing . The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is that the music and bubbles do n't last long enough and until she became old enough to activate it herself , we would have to go back in the room to turn it on again . Other than that , it is a terrific product , with lots of options regarding the bubbles , lights and music .
 Overall this is a great product . My 2 month old daughter loves it ! It seems to calm her down , especially the bubble sound . The only problem is that the bubbles only play for 5 minutes before stopping , so I find myself running back in her nursery to hit the button and turn the bubbles back on so she wo n't wake up ! But honestly she really does like it and if she likes it I do n't mind running to hit the button every few minutes !!
 My newborn baby is happily mesmerized by the bubbles , music , and lights . After I change him I can pop him into the crib and while he 's enjoying his Aquarium I can clean up , run to the bathroom , change the garbage , and do what I need to do . I bought one for my niece who 's 7 months old and she uses it to help her get to sleep . Great toy .
 This was bought for my baby as a Christmas present . She is 3 weeks old and it calms her right down . It can be attached to a cradle , changing table and a crib . She likes the brahams Lulabye somg with lights . I do n't use the bubbles -LRB- makes too much noise and startles her -RRB- . I was told to stock Pile up on the batteries because they die quickly . I have n't had a problem with the batteries yet . This is a great Crib Toy .
 My daughter got this for Christmas when she was 9 months . I really wish we had known about it when she was younger . She is difficult to put to sleep but if the aquarium is on , she just lies in her crib and watches it until she falls asleep . I think bedtime would not have been a struggle if we had this from the beginning . I will definitely buy this for expectant mothers.I strongly recommend this !
 This product is awsome . My daugther loved this from the day we brought her home . Now that she is 2 months old she looks at the fish moving and the bubbles . The music puts us to sleep with her . Thats how good this product is . Worth every penny .
 My year old still Loves this toy ... It is n't a battery sucker either . We have only had to change the batteries once this year . He likes the music on it and now that he is one he can even change the modes to different songs and sounds . . -LRB- not that my child is exceptional bright and probably even has a clue what he is doing :--RRB- lol -RRB- BUT he can do it . I like the way it works as a little night light as well as a musical box . the bubble and fish amuse me as well ... Excellent for the price ... worth every dime .
 I received this item as a baby shower present for my son who is now 5 months old . He was in a bassinet for the first 4 months after he was born . . so I finally got an opportunity to use it . He loves it . He is also at a very good age where he can touch and feel the gadgets that are on the front of it . It 's a very soothing toy and my baby boy just loves watching the action inside . It reminds of the one of the Disney rides called Atlantis . I highly recommend this item for all babies . I was very pleased that I received this gift item . Enjoy !!!
 My son has gone to sleep every night by this instead of his mobile . I only wish it had a remote because I find it does n't go long enough to lull him to sleep now that he 's a little older . He loves to stare at the lights and watch the bubbles .
 My daughter is a month and a half old , and she falls asleep watching her aquarium quite frequently . She seems fascinated by it , especially when the bubbles are on . As an added bonus , I have her `` Me in the Mirror '' positioned across from it on the other side of the crib so she can watch the aquarium and herself at the same time . This really works when she 's trying to fall asleep but is a little fussy ... it soothes her and settles her right down . It 's a lovely little product , and one that I 'm sure will hold its allure as she gets older and discovers she can control it herself . Perfect from birth on !
 The Ocean Wonders Aquarium did n't make much of a difference with my son until he was about 3 1/2 months old . That was when he really started to notice it and listen to the music . He is 5 months old now , and some nights it 's the only way I can get him to stay asleep ! He has figured out how to kick the button and after naptime that is his favorite thing to do for a few minutes until I pick him up . This is definitly a great toy , but I would recommend it for slightly older children -LRB- 3 + months -RRB-
 We definitely have got our money 's worth on this toy ! Our son has enjoyed this toy every day since he was a newborn and now at 2 1/2 years old still plays it every nap and every night . As an infant he was mesmerized by the bubbles and soft lights and movement , and now as a toddler he still ca n't give up this toy . It fit securely on his crib and also fits well on his toddler bed . Our son can be tough on his toys and this aquarium has shown no signs of wearing out.Nice features we like included all of the options of 3 different songs with / without lights or bubbles , or 3 different water sounds -LRB- the waves on the beach are nice for relaxing us grown-ups too -RRB- . The sequence plays 3 times in a row then shuts off until baby or adult presses a large button in front . The adjustable volume is a nice feature as well . We were hoping to pass this aquarium along to our next baby who is on the way , but it looks like we 'll be buying a secong one !
 We had a very fussy baby , who would cry every time we were in the car . I hooked the aquarium to the back of the front seat and it really helped .
 My two year old daughter loves this toy so much that when we moved her into a bed at 18 months , we did n't want to get rid of it . My husband attached it to the headboard of her bed with four sturdy zip ties and she is still playing it to put herself to sleep . We 've already gotten two years out of this one toy and who knows how long it will stay on her bed !
 My daughter has been able to drift off to sleep in her crib on her own since she was 6 weeks old . This item is why . The lights and music lull her to sleep , even when she just needs a few minutes of quiet time this is great for her to stare at . Now that she is a little older she can kick it on with her feet in the mornings before I come in to get her . The songs are very soothing and the bubbles very calming . Although it has different settings , we always use music and bubbles together .
 This toy was recommended by another parent who had a colicky baby . My newborn daughter would cry and cry and when I finally put this in her crib , she relaxed and went right to sleep . I love , love , love this item . The only drawback is that it lasts for 10 minutes at a time . So I have to keep sneaking into her crib to restart it .
 This toy was a life saver when my daughter was an infant . We would set it to the different aquarium sounds -LRB- rain , waves , etc. -RRB- without the lights when putting her in her crib at night . It was soothing and comforting . When we wanted her to just relax , we would add the lights and she was mesmerized . The timer function is only about 10 mins or even less so sometimes I would have to sneak in and re-start it . When she turned about 5 months old , she figured out how to turn it on and off so it actually became a distraction to her in the crib -LRB- she would become alert turning it on and off -RRB- so we had to take it out . We had one of those octogonal shaped play-yards in the house and we attached it to that for play time . Personally I preferred the aquarium sounds to the music - the music is very new-agey . But my aughter seemed to like the music and that 's what 's important . Only one caveat - we have an Italian made crib and rails are all thin , we had a tough time securing it tightly .
 My daughter received this for Christmas when she was 4 months old , and the first time we turned it on for her it kind of freaked her out and we turned it off . A couple weeks later we gave it another try and she 's loved it ever since . In the past she would thrash and cry on the occassions when we 'd put her to bed wide awake . But now we turn the aquarium on and she becomes mesmerized . The music , lights , bubbles and swimming fish really mellow her out . Even the motor sound seems to soothe her . I only wish the toy could hang lower so she could reach it while laying on her back . Now , as soon as we lower the side of her crib in the morning , and the aquarium lowers with it , she hits the button to start it . Also , there is a clam that opens and closes when a little ball is spun , but it is barely noticable and just not very exciting.UPDATE
 We 've been living with the Ocean Wonders Aquarium for almost two months now , and so far , this one is a slam-dunk winner . Amazon 's sale price of $ 19.99 was a great deal , but to be honest , I 'd have paid many times that just to see the wonder on my three month old boy 's face the first time we fired it up . The whole effect
 My daughter has been in her crib since we brought her home from the hospital . She would fuss alittle when I would put her down in the crib for bedtime . So I would put on the Oceans Wonders and she would stare at the light , listen to the music and drift off to dreamland . She listens to it every night . She is now 5 months old and she already understands how to turn it on . . so in the morning she hits the button to let me know she is awake over the monitor . I am definatly keeping this for when I have my next child .
 The only reason I 'm giving this four stars is that it does n't have a continuous play option . We stopped using this for white noise and bought the First Years Nature Lullaby Player instead because it plays constantly and wo n't shut itself off , since our baby wakes up if the white noise goes away . Otherwise , very cute , very entertaining and easy to use . And for the reviewer who said it was too loud -- the volume control works well for that problem .
 Both my 2 and 4 year olds have one of these and they love them . The battery 's last longer than the older version of this toy . I highly recommend this toy to anyone with a baby - they will love it for years to come !
 We received this as a gift for my oldest , and it was the first thing I purchased for my new little one , due any day . My 18 month old can push the buttons himslef and he can entertain himself for an hour with the different settings . It goes everywhere with us . I buy this for every baby shower I go to , no little one should be without it !!
 This is so awesome . When I was pregnant and read the rave reviews for this , I thought , how can a baby want to watch it over and over ? Well , my baby is 3 months old , and even if he is crying when we put him down , he quiets to watch and usually falls asleep with a smile on his face .2 things to be aware of : -- baby wo n't really notice it or care for the first few weeks of life ; -- if you have bumpers on your crib , and your crib is set to the highest mattress level , this wo n't fit on the crib . You 'll have to wait until mattress is moved down , or remove the bumpers .
 We purchased this product to help our colicky baby ... and we are amazed that 2 years later she still LOVES this machine . She will now change the tunes herself - or choose to see the bubbles or not . We have taken it with us camping and on other vacations where we knew this would comfort her in a strange place . She listens to it as we put her to bed both at naptime and at night . She is like clockwork as we hear her turn it on everynight around 2AM ... and then when she wakes up in the morning at 8AM . It is very soothing to her.In the morning we hear her counting the fish , and she talks to the clam while opening and closing his mouth ... she giggles as she says `` open '' , `` close '' yum yum yum ... Great machine !!!
 My 3-month old daughter LOVES this aquarium ! We attached it to the side of her changing table , which keeps her happy during diaper changes . She even `` coos '' at it ! The songs are nice -LRB- not annoying -RRB- , and the lights and bubbles are great . I like that it turns off on its own after a minute or so . We use it every time we change our daughter 's diaper , and so far have n't had to change the batteries .
 This is the best crib toy I have ever found . It has an on/off switch , PLUS a volume control . The music is soothing and melodious , -LRB- not loud & obnoxious like toys we have -RRB- . The lights start out low , then brighten , and the sounds start out soft and get louder . This is great , as it does n't startle baby out of her bed , plus , it does n't abruptly shut off and wake baby when it is finished . You can set the music and lights OR one or the other . This was made with Mom 's in mind !! The perfect shower gift !
 My son is a year old and we 've had his aquarium on his crib since he was about 4 months old . It was n't too long before he was able to turn it on himself and enjoy it ! I can usually tell when he is awake because I hear his aquarium go on ! He even changes the tunes on it . I really like this toy and I know my son does too ! I would definitely recommend it . It 's a very nice addition to any nursery .
 my daughter got this before she was born and she knew how to turn it on and off by the time she was 3 months old . she used it to let us know that she was up and ready to get out of her crib and now that she is a year old she loves to watch the bubbles and the fis move . i love the music on it it is so nice . she also bangs on it very hard and it is very durable .
 This is a wonderful toy . My son has enjoyed watching it since he was 8 weeks old . He is now 6 months old and it has grown with him . He now practices his fine motor skills with the switches and turns it on by himself . It is very soothing for him to fall asleep to.The volume switch is very nice . It 's has a wonderful variety of sounds to chose from , the ocean 's waves , rain , crickets , etc.The only down side I have noticed is that if you use the bubbles setting , it runs the batteries down . But in my opinion , it is definately worth the batteries , it 's just a hassle to have to un-attach it from the crib.I would buy this toy again without hesitation .
 This toy is an absolute must have . Very easy to operate and even educational for the baby to learn to push the different buttons . Also has put mommy to sleep a few restless nights .
 My 6 month old daughter usually wakes up and cries for 5 or so minutes around 3:00 . Last night , I installed this on her crib . When she woke up , she hit it to turn it on and went right back to sleep-no crying !!! I love this .
 The aquarium has soothed my son on cranky nights.Hey , to be honest I like to watch it too < Smile > It also makes a nice little nite-light . Thanx Fisher-Price .
 We received this toy from our baby registry and it has been one of the best gifts . From the time our daughter came home , we have used this toy every night to help lull her to sleep . As she grew and was able to reach the controls , she would awaken in the middle of the night and put it back on to help her fall back asleep . When she would awaken in the morning , she would turn it on and play with it until we would take her out of her crib . She enjoys the ocean sounds and the musical medley mode . We have taken it on vacation and to her grandparents ' to help her adjust to unfamiliar surroundings . I ca n't imagine what we would 've done without it .
 My son loves this toy and goes well with his nautical themed nurshery . The only thing I hate about it is the music . My son is fine as long as I have the music turned OFF ! I would not really reccomend this item . Also , IT LEAKS !
 Received this item as a gift when my daughter was about a month old . I was not sure how well she would take to it , as there were already about four other crib toys/soothers on her bed . It was attached to the end of her bed and at night when I would rock her , I would turn it on -LRB- music and lights only at this point -RRB- and it would calm and sooth her enough for me to lay her down and for her to drift off to sleep . Around the four month mark , I changed it to the music , lights and bubbles setting and BOOM ... all of a sudden , it was like I had created the comfort zone . She would lie in bed , watching the bubbles and be out like a light no more than five minutes later . She loves this crib toy and so do I for the sheer fact that it has that much of a calming effect on her.Now at the end of her four month mark , she will roll over on her tummy and can now reach out and turn it on . Since doing this , she has not woke up one time crying , now she wakes up and can find this to amuse herself . I love this crib toy and highly recommend it .
 I got this as a present two weeks ago and I just installed it a few days ago ... if I had known how great it would be-I would n't have waited at all ! As soon as I hit the play button , my two month old son settled right down and slept the hardest he has slept since we brought him home . I do n't think that it is due to the music , lights or bubbles though . The motor makes so much noise that it put him right to sleep . I have even turned off the music and just let the fish dance around ! It works just like a white noise machine ... I love the way it sounds too!The only problems I have is that the straps are n't big enough to go around the baby 's bumper in the crib and so I had to fold it over and I do n't really like the way that it looks . Also , baby 's like to look to the right to see things and my crib 's right side bar lowers so it is just outside of his line of sight on the left hand side of the crib . I do n't know what else I could have done.I really do love this toy and am so glad that I have it ! I will be buying this for my friends that have babies in the future !
 This is the greatest thing ever ... My twins are so fascinated with this item that I had to go out and buy a second one for the pack-n-play . The colors are bright and attention getting , the music is soothing and plays long enough that both babies fall asleep before it 's done . When they get older the buttons on the front of the aquarium will allow them to turn the music on all by themselves . I especially like the lights option because I can turn the overhead light out and make my escape to my room while the twins are occupied looking at the lights and listening to the music . I can actually get some sleep now !
 My then 7-year old step son picked this out when my son was born 2.5 years ago . I have since had to purchase another because my son wore out the first one playing with it so much . My son would frequently wake up through out the night and cry for attention . At first I was worried that the light would keep him up so I only played the music . I have since learned that the light will soothe my son back to sleep and he no longer cries to for attention in the middle of the night . And now , at 2.5 years old , my son asks to see the fishies and the bubbles when he 's ready to take a nap or go to sleep at night . This is a wonderful toy even with the frequent battery changes .
 I bought this to help ease my daughter 's transition from my bed to her crib . It helped a lot , my daughter really likes the lights and bubbles . Plus the calming music really lets her know that it 's time for bed . Now that she is almost 7 1/2 months old , she can play with the buttons that spin the starfish or open and close the clams mouth . It 's cute when she cuts the music on and off herself .
 My Baby has loved this since the day he was born . From the moment he could sit up he would turn it on and off as he pleases . Now that he is 18 months he knows how to turn the volume up and down and change it from bubble to music to ocean sounds ! This was a great purchase !
 I love this . It is nice when my son goes to sleep . It is nice and relaxing music to help him go to sleep . It is also easy for him to turn the music on himself . He is only 7 months old . Would recommend to everyone .
 This is the older model of Ocean Wonders Aquarium ... we had one for our daughter , who loved it , and saved it . Unfortunately , we stored it in the attic and all the ` water ' evaporated . So we searched for a new one for our newborn son ... harder to find this time , it seems like they 're being phased out . Used the new one four days -LRB- he LOVED it , was fascinated by it and it magically shut down the crying and helped him sleep even at just a few days old -RRB- and the bubble motor died . Brought it back to the store and they did n't have any more , so we got the Rain Forest one ... the waterfall lights were WAY bright , and the bubbles really small at the bottom . It made my son cry . So we brought it back , and got this model again . He loves it so much , I worry if I 'll be able to find a replacement if it dies ...
 This was the BEST thing we got for a baby shower gift . The motor gave out after being played over and Over and OVER and ** OVER ** again every night for 5 years . He wanted a replacement one but we finally convinced him it was for babies and he was too grown up for it . As another reviewer said , it would be better if it played longer - our son would just be drifting off and it would shut off , then he would pop back awake & start it over again .
 My mother bought this new for my first son when he was born three years ago . They were n't selling it at Babies R Us anymore because of a newer version , but she insisted on this one and was bummed that it was n't available . My older sister used it for her son and raved about it , that 's why my mother wanted this one specifically . Luckily we found one , only one , at Baby Depot -LRB- Burlington Coat Factory -RRB- for only 11.95 . My boys absolutely love it . My older son used it in the nursery until he got a `` big boy '' room at 18 months , after his little brother was born . Our younger son does n't use it for sleeping anymore but it entertains him in the morning so he does n't wake up crying . Music mode , running water mode , and also a mode with soothing lights and bubbles -LRB- with or without music -RRB- . I know it 's expensive now but if someone gives you one , keep it ! If you find one second-hand , buy it ! Do n't hesitate .
 We bought this aquarium secondhand for $ 5 . It 's an older model that is n't being sold anymore . We 've been using it every night for at least a month -LRB- up to 45 minutes -RRB- , and batteries are still strong . Bebe loves watching the fish roll around in the bubbles and lights . She also loves flicking the spring that makes the starfish spin around . Four things I do n't like about it
 After four years , and being banged on , dropped and dragged around , it 's still going strong . There are a lot of choices for modes of music or ocean sounds . And volume control , which is a must . Although my first son did n't use it that much , he still likes to watch the fish and hear the music . It was a little pricey but is still around for my 4 month old to enjoy . Fisher-Price has n't disappointed me yet .
 I bought this for my son a few years ago to help with nap and sleep time . He did n't play much with the crab or the starfish buttons but he uses that music button like the snooze on my old alarm clock . He likes one melody over the others and he prefers the bubbles with music and lights over just music so be prepared to buy new batteries every few months those bubbles really eat up the juice . It 's worth it though . He is 3 and a half now and he still uses it . I plan to save it for his children . This will help you get your children to stay asleep and extend the wake-up period . I wish I would have bought it as soon as he was born . My wife still thanks me .
 My 6 month old daughter loves this aquarium . We 've been using it to lull her to sleep since she was 8 wks old . She 's just now learned how to turn it on herself when she wakes up in the middle of the night . The music is so soothing , I 'd like one to help me to sleep at night !!
 We have a five month old daughter and she goes to sleep with the ocean wonders aquarium almost every night . In the middle of the night she stirs alot and flings her arms out to the side . She turns on the aquarium and out she goes . We like the bubble , swimming , music setting . I would recommend this to anyone !
 My 15 month old daughter loves this toy . She has both the older model and the ocean wonders . Both seem to drain batteries quickly , but it 's worth it ! She falls asleep watching it and wakes up playing with it .
 I purchased the Ocean Wonder 's Aquarium to help my 3-months old daughter calm down at night and fall asleep . She loves looking at it and it calms her down and soothes her in just minutes . It 's a MUST for new parents .
 I received the Ocean Wonders Aquarium by Fisher Price as a baby shower gift.When my son turned 3 months old we introduced this toy to him . He sat transfixed as he watched the bubbles rising , the fish swimming , and the lights dimming up and down . I was surprised at how enjoyable the music was to him and to us also . It has become a daily ritual to sit with our son in the rocker and hold the aquarium in front of him so he can play with it.The aquarium plays 3 songs and 3 different ocean sounds . The aquarium also has a spinning ball that opens up an oyster inside , and a spinning starfish . A child can turn the aquarium off and on by touching the large blue button on the front . Our son is just learning this , and it is teaching him the concept of cause and effect . We do not use this toy as a sleep aid . The motor is loud . Rather we use it as a toy to teach our son cause and effect . He also likes to feel the raised bubbles on the surface of the aquarium . The only reason I did not give this toy 5 stars is because of the loud motor . Yet , our son has drifted off to sleep in our arms several times while playing with this fabulous toy .
 I 've never owned a Peaceful Planet Aquarium , so maybe I do n't know the difference , but we like our Ocean Wonders ... We started using it the minute we got home from the hopsital . We 'd turn it on everytime we put the baby down . Now , he hears the music and is immediately zonked . It 's like Pavlov 's dogs . We have not found it to be too bright or too loud , as others have mentioned . My son is old enough to kick it on now and there is nothing more fun than hearing him set it off in the morning when he wakes up and is just hanging out in his bed waiting for us to come get him . Maybe ignorance is bliss , but we know no different and think the Ocean Wonders is great !
 My son loves to watch his fishies when he 's hanging out in his crib . It does n't put him too sleep , but will keep him occupied while I get dressed or whatever . He turns it on and off by himself , but I ca n't be sure he knows he 's doing it . -LRB- He 's only 11 weeks old . -RRB- My only complaint is that when you have it turned on lights , bubbles , and music , it only plays for 5 minutes before turning off . I 'd prefer it played longer .
 My son absolutly loves this product . He loves to listen to the music as he falls asleep and is able to turn it on and off my himself . We got this at 5 months and he was able to find the buttons to operate it . In the morning he gives me a few extra min sleep by sitting up and watching this ! Wonderful product .
 We LOVE this aquarium . The soothing bubbles and `` white noise '' really put my baby to sleep . We only wish that it would play longer .
 My daughter orginally had the fishbowl version and loved it . The bubble were quiet and she loved the reflection on the ceiling . The new one does not have this reflection , plus the bubbles are really loud . The music is tons better . The beat of the music sounds like a heartbeat . This toy really helps her sleep better .
 Among the best and most soothing crib accessories . My 5 month old found it very helpful in falling asleep and when she was 7 months old she would use it to soothe herself back to sleep when she woke in the middle of the night -LRB- by hitting the large play button with her feet -RRB- .
 I am curious if anyone else had a problem with this not fitting in the crib . Maybe it is just my bumper , but even on the lowest mattress setting , there is still no room to hang . Too bad , because I think my baby would have loved it !
 We received this as a gift for our newborn . It 's fantastic . The music is very soothing . The crib is in our room and the music is even soothing to me . As he is growing , he enjoys watching the fish swim around . He 's even learned to turn the music on and off at his will .
 I purchased this item when our son was first born , it sat inside his isolet while he was in intensive care . With it 's sights and sounds , it provided a pleasing distraction to all of the monitors and alarms constantly going off around him . When we got him home , we installed it on his crib rail . Now it provides us our notification that he is indeed awake when we hear it through his baby monitor . What a lot of people do not know about this item is that it provides light , music/nature sounds , and movement . The only small negative is that the mounting system does not allow for a whole lot of mounting options.Definitely a solid product .
 Love it ! My son goes to sleep to it every night and for every nap . When we travel we take it with us . It calms him down immediately . Buy it for any of my friends who are expecting . Do wish it would play a little longer , though
 My 8 month old son has had this in his crib since he was about 2 months old . He absolutely loves it . It also seems to not eat batteries . We just changed ours for the first time . We never switch it off , either . He often wakes up before me in the morning and will play until he 's ready to eat .
 I love it and could not live without it . My baby loves it and she actually hits it to turn it on herself . One of the best items I could of gotten !!! Absolutely recommend to everyone . It 's great !!! It always puts my daughter to sleep .
 I use this to help my little one go to sleep . He is only 6 weeks old so not that into it yet but he dose sleep when he hears it come on if he was starting to wake up and we turn it on before he is fully awake . The light it makes is pefect to use to check on him durring the night with out waking him up . If I put him in his craddle and he is awake it will keep his attention for a short time so I can go to the bathroom or do somthing before the music stops , somtimes he is even asleep by the time I got back to him even if it was not nap time .
 This was a gift that I will definitly be using for my second child . My daughter has had this since birth and has always loved it . She would play in her crib with the music while I picked up the room , bubbles and lights at nap/bed time , and all three at bedtime now . She is almost two now and will reach up and turn it on herself in the middle of the night when she wakes up sometimes.It can be loud . I 've had the volume turned down to where it is almost off the whole two years , but it 's been the perfect level for my daughter .
 This toy was and still is a life saver . At first I thought I was going to take it back because I did n't think I would use it . When my son was first born he was n't that interested in it . But after he was about 2 months old I walked in his room and it was playing by itself . It turns out he knew how to hit at it to turn it on . Then once he started crawling he would sit up and hit the pink button and make it play all the time . Sometimes in the morning he would play with it for an hour while I got more sleep . I would wake up and hear him babbling to it through the monitor . I love this toy !!
 We could n't live without this ! My first son , who is now 4 years old , had the original Peaceful Planet Aquarium and went to sleep with it every night until the age of 2 . We started out using it with my second son , who is now 3 months old , but it stopped working after years of use . Therefore , we had to buy the Ocean Wonders Aquarium , which is even better , because the baby can push the big blue button and activate the music on his own . This one seems to be more baby friendly , and it definitely puts our little one to sleep every night . We recommend this as a must have to all of our friends with new babies . This is worth every penny and more !
 I bought this for my son when he was about 6 months old . He immediately loved this toy . He 's now over a year old and still plays with it when he goes to bed . He gets upset when the batteries die . He claps and giggles when he presses the button and the fish start `` swimming '' .
 My daughter at 4 months of age figured out how to turn this on by herself after the timer went off ! She loves the fishes and the water and the lights . Most of all , Mommy loves the tranquil sounds for the few times she gets up in the middle of the night they put her to sleep in an instant . I was very skeptical of this toy but it has turned out to be one of her favorites . From the sweet sounds of music to the nature sounds this is one really gets the stars ! One word of caution if your child figures out how to use it and you have a baby monitor ... do n't be surprised if you hear it going on and off during naps !!!
 I would never have thought to buy this myself , so thank goodness a friend purchased this as a gift for my infant son . He has absolutely LOVED it since the first day we put it in his crib . We have n't used the bubbling feature that much -LRB- it 's a little too stimulating for bedtime , and the little guy sometimes wakes up when the bubbling stops -RRB- , but we use the music setting every night and for every naptime . The music makes him drousy within seconds . I also turn the volume up and play the music for him while he plays on the floor in his room -- again , he loves it . We 've been using it for at least 4 months now and have n't had to replace the batteries yet -LRB- although I 'd wager that the bubbling feature uses up the batteries faster than the music alone . -RRB- It is a sturdy toy , and fastens securely to the crib . A great alternative to a mobile !
 From the time he was one week old , this toy has kept my little boy happy ! He loves looking at the moving fish and the light . He 's not all that interested in the music , but loves the bubble sounds it makes and can just stare at it forever ! It has come in handy endless times when I want to take a shower or get some housework done . My god-daughter calls it `` Fishy TV '' . The only things I do n't like is that it only stays on for a short time and until they are bigger , babies ca n't turn it back on . Once they learn , it 's no problem . Also , it was a little hard to attach to our crib , but we figured out a way . Overall , it 's a great product and I would recommend it to any new mom or as a gift for a baby shower !
 We purchased this Aquarium about a month ago . It was originally because my son loves music and we sing to him every night . It has turned out to be a life saver . When he wakes up and is cranky he has discovered how to activate the music . I turn it on for him just before he is asleep in the crib and when he whines it helps to sooth him as he drifts off to sleep . The only thing I wish it had was a battery powered remote . I often find while asleep in the middle of the night he wakes up with a bad dream and usually music helps him recover . It would be nice to just press a button to activate it from our room next door . I also wish the lights , music and bubbles combined played for about 15 minutes rather than just 5 .
 I think we got this for our daugher around 4 months . She liked the music , mainly because it is the same music that is in the ocean wonders swing , which was a favorite for her . She is now 15 months and has grown to love this even more . She loves turning the music on and off , and loves making the clam move . I highly recommend this . We 've gotten a lot more use out of it than many other toys .
 This crib toy is great ! Our son is fascinated by the lights , music , bubbles and moving fish . He falls asleep to it every night . The music is soothing and not obnoxious as with some musical toys .
 I had the older version -LRB- the one that looked like a fish bowl -RRB- of this for my daughter when she was younger and she would n't go to sleep without it . And in the morning it would entertain her for a little while which gave mom the chance to get a few more minute of sleep ! After finally 2 years of non stop playing with it , it died and shortly after I found out I was pregnant with my second baby and this was the first thing I bought , I knew I could n't live without it !
 We got this gift for my baby shower and put it in our son 's crib . At 6 months , he is now rolling over and many times we find him on his stomach , watching the aquarium in his crib . The lights , movement and music keeps him entertained and helps strengthen his neck and arm muscles as he pushes himself up to watch it ; and then he reaches over to press the on and off button on his own . We can catch a couple more minutes of sleep while our son plays in his crib , enjoying his aquarium .
 She 's now 13 months and still enjoys the soothing water sounds . she starts the music by herself and opens and closes the clam 's mouth . I definately recommend it .
 We used this at nap and bed time since by son was born . Now that he is 16 months , if he wakes in the night he `` fishboxes '' himself ! He hits the large blue button and the music soothes him back to sleep . When he was younger we joked that we needed a remote control to start it back up when he would wake up.My only complaint is that it seems to eat the batteries pretty well .
 Our daughter is now 14 months old and still loves her aquarium . When she wakes up in the middle of the night she turns it on and it soothes her back to sleep . She also loves staring at it while it lulls her to sleep . The music is gentle and the lights are soft -- a perfect addition to the crib !
 We recently purchased this for our 2 year old . I was hesitant to buy it because it seems to be for younger babies . My daughter picked it out at the store and said she really wanted it . I think it has been one of the best things I have bought for her . She loves to watch the fish swim and I enjoy the music it plays . I only wish I had purchased it sooner . It really makes bedtime a lot easier .
 I bought this toy for my 5 month old son . It is well worth its money . He loves going to sleep with it . The music reminds me on Enya but with lilaby songs . Only thing I wish is it had a remote control .
 I received this for my twins for Christmas . They were 2 months old and they absolutely love it . When they are cranky I can turn on the aguarium and the love looking at it . You can adjust the music volume , turn on or off the lights and motion . The only thing I did n't like about it is that it does not stay on for a long enough period of time for my girls . I 'm thinking of buying a second one so both cribs have one .
 We just received this toy for our almost-5-month-old for Christmas . She got really fussy this afternoon and we finally hooked it up to her crib ... the result was fascination followed by MUCH needed sleep ! I will admit that the music was rather disappointing - we were hoping for sweet peaceful lullabies but this stuff is more like Mannheim Steamroller at Epcot - it seems rather weird to us . However , we put it on the bubbling sounds and it works that way absolutely great , and is quite peaceful , plus we leave the music box from her Tiny Love mobile on , so togetherthat seems to work great . Other than the funky music , this toy is super , and my daughter seems to really love it . Definitely worth purchasing !!!
 What surprised me the most about this charming crib toy was how I was awoken in the middle of the night by a soft lullaby when my 5 month old kicked the button on it . I checked on her and she was barely awake but contently gazing at the lights , bubbles , and `` fish '' . I have three kids and I wish I had had this for my first two . I strongly recommend it for all new parents !
 This toy has helped sooth my young son since he was less than a month old . It pretty much puts him to sleep - he 's 5 months old and has n't gotten around to hitting any of the buttons yet . The music and overall sounds are soothing , and he seems mesmerized by the moving fish.It is heavy , though , and inclined to tip forward -LRB- towards baby -RRB- if you do n't have it tightly secured to something . In the beginning -LRB- before his hands would aim at it -RRB- , we could lean it against something but not now .
 My son is one month old and I was going to buy this for him but decided to wait until he was a little older . My step-mother bought this for him as an early Christmas present and I 'm so glad that she did ! My son loves it ! He calms down within minutes of turning it on . The motor is a little noisy , but he dose n't seem to mind it . He likes the music as well as the water noises and he really focuses on the bubbles . I 'm very pleased with this and so is my son .
 I bought this for my three month old son . The music is very soothing . I like the fact that it does have a volume control , letting me adjust it to my satisfaction . I also like the calming lights.The motor to run the bubbler and fish is noisey . And , the straps to install it on the crib leave a bit to be desired . It sits so far up that my son ca n't see it laying down . When he gets older and can sit up , it will be fine.I do recommend this -- it is worth the money . If you 're in need of a baby gift , this would be great .
 my 9 month old loves to turn the music on and off . i would recommend this toy for any crib . when he wakes up in the middle of the night , he turns the music on and falls back to sleep .
 My little boy is now two and we have used this toy every single day since he was born . I often hear it turn on in the middle of the night as he soothes himself back to sleep . Highly recommended .
 I received this as a shower gift and I immediately set it up in the crib . My son slept in his bassinet for the first few months so he did n't get to use this much at first . When I did start putting him in his crib , I would turn the aquarium on so that he would have something to listen to as he fell asleep . At about 5 months old he started turning it on by kicking it with his foot . Now at 9 months old he stands by it and plays with it a lot.I love that it has volume control , turns on and off easily , and shuts off by itself . I also like that it has different settings such as music , bubbles , lights or all three . Another plus is that you can use it a lot longer than a mobile . And eventhough I use it almost everyday , I have n't had to change the batteries .
 My son has had this in his crib since he was about 4 months old and he still loves it at almost two ! It lets off the perfect amount of light to help baby go to sleep and the selection of music is good as well . My only complaint is that the motor is a little loud when the bubbles are on , but my son does n't complain about that !!! Definetly recommended !!!
 I really did like this product and my daughter -LRB- 8 months -RRB- loved it at first . After reading all of the other reviews I decided to give this four stars even though she does n't like it anymore . I guess she 's just spoiled rotten because she could n't care less about the fact that it 's hanging on her crib . She just wants to get out . Maybe she 'll like it when she gets older and a little more independant . -LRB- If that ever happens ! -RRB- Also , this may just be a problem with mine , but the volume does n't turn down very low . Even if she would go to bed with it , I 'm sure it would wake her up because it 's so loud.If anyone has any suggestions about the volume problem please let me know -LRB- vessjl@yahoo.com -RRB- .
 I put this in my daughters crib from the very beginning , and every night I put it on . And she loves it . The bubbles , the fishes , music . Now my daughters is almost 6 months old and she looks at it like mommys turn that on , so that I can go to sleep . The only that I dont like it that the battries run out some what quick , but it is worth the battries if she is going to sleep in her crib with one problem every night .
 This is a great product ! The lighting , colors , tunes , and bubble sounds are beautiful and very soothing . We received this aquarium when my son was three weeks old . It is so easy to turn on and off that when he was still very little , he would accidentally turn it on when he kicked sometimes and then get to enjoy it without any help from Mom and Dad . As a result , he figured out early how to use it to soothe himself . The volume will adjust pretty low , so you do n't have to worry about it waking the baby if he hits it in his sleep.The thing I love most is the fact that he is now 21 months old and he is still enjoying this toy . If he is n't ready to go right to sleep at night , he happily plays with his aquarium until he is . He wakes up in the morning , and instead of immediately wanting out of the crib , he sits and turns it on and off and plays with the little buttons that spin the starfish and open the oyster.Love , love , love this product !
 This is a great toy for most babies . DD has n't been too interested in it until recently , once she turned a year old . It used to scare her -LRB- with the loud bubbles or the weird music -RRB- , but now I know to have it on a good setting -LRB- ocean sounds with no bubbles -RRB- . DD does n't use it to go to sleep , but rather she plays with it in the morning before crying for me to get her . It 's nice to know she has something safe and soothing to play with while in the crib.I had the same problems with attaching it to the crib - I have a Baby Italia crib which has a slightly thicker top rail on the three sides . It was tough to get on -LRB- since the straps are not very long -RRB- , but I got it on finally!I would like to have one of these next to my bed !
 I highly recommend this product . It has so many different settings - music and lights , bubbles and ocean sounds . The volume is easily controlled and the one touch button in the front makes it easy to turn on and off . I mostly use this when I put my daughter in her crib while she is awake -LRB- if I have to go to the bathroom , get the door etc. . -RRB- The music and bubble sounds always keep her occupied until I get back . It is a definite must have product - one of the very few that I use EVERYDAY !!
 Our daughter was born 7 weeks early and was hospitalized for reflux just after her due date , so she was still pretty tiny . They put her in this huge crib while there . One of the nurses brought in the Aquarium for Lainey to use during her stay . She LOVED it . She hated being in the huge crib after being used to sleeping in a snuggly bassinet , but would eventually fall asleep if we kept this on for her . It quickly went on her Christmas list and was installed in her crib at home . She loves to watch it while she settles down for a nap or bedtime . I love the fact that it does NOT eat through the batteries , but we wish the length of time it played was longer . Highly recommend it from birth up . She 's 7 months old and still adores it .
 My 5-month-old son loves to fall asleep to this ! Friends with a 2-year-old came to visit and we put the aquarium on the floor for her - she banged and pulled and played with it for hours ! Great to see something that can LAST .
 My Daughter received this as a present when she was first born , she 's 2 years old now and we still play the music for her every night when she goes to sleep . It has an automatic shut-off so it turns itself off after about 5mins or so . It has different songs , sounds and it has volume control . You can also turn the lights on and off so if baby only likes music or vice versa . This is definitely worth the money .
 My son adores this toy . He is now 6 months old and we have used it since the day he was born . I do n't think he could fall asleep with out it . He has now learned to try and play with the buttons on it , he is not quite there but he is really close . I think we will be using this toy for a long time to come .
 My husband & I love the adjustability of this crib toy . You can keep it soft and low lit for those times you want to soothe your baby to sleep - or you adjust the volume and light controls for more playful times . It has sleeper times available for 5 to 10 minutes depending on how long you want the item to run . Our baby loves to interact with the noises and lights when he is playful . A must have .
 This is a wonderful toy . It grows with your child . I bought it for my newborn when the music captured my heart . Now the boy is almost 18 months and it makes him smile now . He never gets bored with it . I have to warn you ; when your child is old enough , he will try to change the music by pressing the big blue `` on/off '' button . My son gets frustrated if the music does not change -LRB- the button is behind the fish -RRB- . I must do it for him .
 This toy is Great !! Definatly worth the money . We bought this for my four month old son . He absolutly loves it . We use to have to rock and rock him to sleep . Since we have had the aquarium we just put him in bed , turn it on , and it does the rest . It is so durable , my son now nine months has kicked , hit , pulled at this toy so often and it is still in perfect working condition ! And in five months I 've only had to change the batteries once , and we use it everynight and for every nap !
 Our now 11 mo. son has always enjoyed this sweet aquarium , particularly thrilling at the cause-effect of the switches that twirl the starfish and open and close the clam . His eyes widen , watching the fish slowly dance and the bubbles gurgle . The level of stimulation is not very high , which is Good since this is a calming/sleeping toy . I am very pleased with the range of tunes , from , familiar lullabyes to nature sounds . This sweet aquarium has helped our baby sleep on his own .
 My sweet husband saw this and bought it for the crib just because he thought it was cute ! Our son has loved it since the first day we put him in his crib - the sounds , the lights and the music ! One of the greatest things I ever saw was when he was 6 months old & I walked into his room to see him reaching for the `` on '' button - it was a milestone and ensured that the aquarium would stay for a long time . We still turn it on each time we lay him down . Also , since he can turn it on himself , that is many times how we know he 's awake , we hear the music playing !!
 It looks great , and it has great songs and awesome sounds like bubbles and running water ... this is great for putting to sleep/calming down my 2 month old . -LRB- goes hand in hand with her ocean wonders swing which she LOVES . -RRB-
 Our daughter loves this crib toy . We bought it for her when she was a newborn and she loved the music , she is 22 months old now and still loves it .
 Bought this for my son and it is awesome . He is now 21 months and still enjoys playing with it and listening to all the different music it can make . When he was under a year , we would play the `` ocean waves '' sound to get him to sleep . It worked perfect because it simulates the womb . Now , that he is older , he chooses his own bed time song and knows how to turn it on and off.The only drawback is that it does not have a remote control . It would have been nice when he was younger and it took longer than 15 miuntes to fall asleep , to be able to push a button from outside of the room to start the music over again . -LRB- maybe on the next version -RRB- It does not go through as many batteries as I was expecting . The batteries seem to last a few months.Overall - I would totally recommend this product and I am going to buy another one for our next son later this year .
 My baby has always been difficult to calm down at night - she fights her sleepiness . After researching quite a few crib toys , I decided to purchase this one and I am glad I did . The first time I used it , she immediately began watching it and became very still . She fell asleep within five minutes . Most of the time , I set it on the bubbling aquarium sound with lights and movement - then I can play my own music if I want to - most of the time I do n't . The only thing I would change would be that the shutoff time was longer . Other than that , it has been great for me and for my baby .
 I received this as a baby gift , however I still needed a lot of other more important things , so I returned it . I received another one from my sister-in-law after my son was born . She told me it was a MUST have . I am so happy that I received it a second time , because I probably would not have gone back and bought it myself . It has been the best toy for entertainment and the best soother for sleep . My son is still using it and he is 13 months old . My only complaint is that the setting with the music , lights and bubbles is a little short . Other than that I HIGHLY recommend this to all new parents .
 I received this toy at my baby shower , and now I bring one to every baby shower I attend . My daughter started to appreciate this toy at 3-4 months . She is now 20 months . She turns it on by herself when she wakes at night to settle herself . I can hear it in the monitor when she does . The music was always very soothing -LRB- for both of us -RRB- during those wee-hours in the rocking chair . It 's not tinny or high pitched like most baby toys . I would highly recommend this toy .
 I got this as a baby shower gift . I was n't sure that my daughter would like it but she loves it . We turn it on every night when she goes to sleep , and she loves watching the lights and the water with the fish swimming around . The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I would have preferred to have the music and lights play longer than 5 minutes . It would be nice if Fisher-Price could include a remote for this , like what we have for the mobile we bought .
 Our son is 5 weeks old and has just starting to respond to music and other stimuli . He LOVES the aquarium !!! When he is just about to fall asleep or a bit fussy , we just put him in his crib and turn this on . He immediately relaxes . The sounds put him into a trance !!! My only complaint is that the cycle only lasts about 5 minutes . So I have to press the button a few times before he lulls off to sleep .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas in 2002 , and she loved and now my 3 month old son loves it even more . Best thing ever to get him to sleep and the great thing is the volume control . Also , if your like me and some kids toys music is really annoying to listen to , this can be switched from music to water sounds which is really relaxing . Also , the music lasts for almost 5 minutes so your not constantly having to push the button to turn the music on . As for the motor being loud this is sort of true , but I think an infant would only think it 's a mother 's heart beating . Great toy ! Great price ! Well worth the money !!
 Our daughter just loves this and so do we . At 22mo we still have it in the crib ... and debated taking it out ... but she still listens and plays with it so we will just leave it . Great Gift !!! You will be nothing but pleased with this .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was just 1 month old , she is now almost two and she still loves it . You can adjust the how low it hangs down in the crib so I have never had a prblem with her head getting hurt . She loves to push it by herself , and when she wakes up in the middle of the night she just sits up and pushes the button and goes back to sleep . The Bubbles are a bit to loud to use when she is older though and the music is also a bit loud for a crib toy . But the running water noise saved us when she was a baby .
 Had this in our son 's crib since he was about 3 months old . Now he can stand up and turn it on and play with it on his own . Some nights its a blessing to help get him to sleep . Love it .
 My mom bought this for my daughter when she was 6 months old and she just turned 2 and still loves it . The different music , the bubbles , the swimmig fish , the lights - they soothe my daughter amazingly well . She 's truly a water baby so the bubbles were great for her , not noisy , clicking or annoying as other reviewers have mentioned . We put it on when we put her down at night and she keeps hitting the button as long as she wants until she falls asleep . It 's also her snooze button in the morning , she 'll wake up , turn it on and wake up to it.Now I just need to figure out how to attach it to her big girl bed !
 This sturdy toy is an absolute must for all babies ! The soothing music and lights are mesmerizing . The large button on the bottom makes it easy for little ones to turn on . There are different settings where you can choose to have the lights on or off , etc. . My daughter loved this toy and I highly recommend it !
 My two daughters love their aquariums . After Hurricane Ivan its all the light they had in their room so they really enjoyed having that little extra light without their night light . that was very very nice to have . we love them and still use them my daughters are 3 and 2 the oldest has the older version .
 When we first brought our tiwns home we had a few sleepless nights . Then we got the FP ocean swing . It helped out get are son and daughter to sleep . When the twins were about 5 weeks old i was out shopping and i seen this . It had a lot of the same items the swing did so i bought 2 of them for their cribs . The first night we tried it , they went right to sleep on their own . Before this they were sleeping in the swing for a while then my son in his car seat and my daughter in the pack n play . After we got the Aquarium they were sleeping through the night in their cribs . There is 3 diffrent settings you can choose from . The music , bubbles , fish soft lights , its all a combo that makes this product great . Now at 6 months they still like to watch their Aquariums , but are going to sleep on their owns , without this , but still often when they wake up in the mornings or from naps they still love to watch it .
 My mother read about this toy in a magazine and bought it as a gift for my son when he was first learning to sleep in his crib . This toy is amazing ! Not only did it sooth my son to sleep but he loves it ! The fishes and the music are a must and i recommend it to every new parent i know . My Son is 9 months old now and still uses this toy to sleep . And he will even turn it on himself when he wants to fall back asleep . I 've had it since he was about 2 months old and i would recommend it for every new babies cribs ! a total life saver !
 I purchased this toy with a gift certificate I received from some co-workers . I must say that I could n't get my 1 1/2 month old to stay asleep in her crib without me getting up and touching her every 20 minutes . You really ca n't expect them to sleep alone , adn put themselves to sleep until 3 months or so , but this saved my sanity for the first 2 + months . Kylen just LOVES this toy ... yes , the bubbles are loud , but that makes her stop crying b/c its louder than she is . She has kicked it a few etimes and made it go off at night , but it has n't woken her up . I do n't use it EVERY night so that she 's not dependant on it ... but it was well worth the 25-some odd dollars for this aquarium ! ... Much better than the conventional mobile !
 my son likes this toy . He know which buttons to push to change the music . As far as sleeping to this toy - it does n't work . In the morning , he cries for us , and as soon as we get to his room he begins to play with this toy . He was very enchanted by it from the beggining .
 I love this toy , however it does not capture my daughter 's attention yet . My daughter is 4 weeks old and prefers her mobile . I am sure she will eventually love this toy as much as I do . The song is soothing and the bubbles are great . I love to turn it on in the dark and watch it when I put my baby in her crib .
 My baby is always real fuzzy at night . She will fight going to sleep . When I lay her down in her crib and turn on the Ocean Wonders Aquarium it calms her down . She will watch the lights go on and off . The music seems to relax her and eventually she is asleep . When she wakes up in the middle of the night , I just turn it on and she falls right back asleep . I will recommend this to all my friends . I have given this as baby showers gifts and my friends thank me .
 Our kids love this aquarium , they also love our real aquarium and the aquarium fish bowl , I think the only aquarium item I didnt like out of the whole line was the highchair ! This has been in my youngest twins cribs from day one ! They love to hear the bubbles , I think they think its soothing . The fish twirling are nice , it catches my sons attention . I have 2 in one room , one in each crib , so I dont usually put it on the music for bed time , it sounds too weird . But I can know when the are up , you hear it . This toy is just so intreguing that they even insist on taking it with them to breakfast some mornings ! And I know they miss it when they sleep in thier pack n ' plays ! It really helps because this is the only toy that would get them to sleep . We originally had this one and the flutter bye bird one , but they didnt like it . So now I have two of these , and two of the link-a-doos kick n ' play pianos in the cribs , but these are much better for soothing an infant to sleep . I can anticipate them using this until crib time is over , great toys , Couldnt ask for anything more ... great job fisher price !
 Got it because of the good review . My son -LRB- 10 months old -RRB- will use his leg to kick the on/off switch , which in terms to kick off all the brankets . He will not go to sleep even it already ran 2-3 times . May be its not for him .
 We used this first for my son when he was a newborn , and the sounds seemed to stimulate , more than they relaxed him . Later , when he was learning how to pull up , he got plenty of bruises on his head from falling on the aquarium . Even now , at 1 year-old , he gets excited , looses his balance , and bangs his head . Every time he does this , I take it out , then change my mind , and affix it back to the crib . This aquarium offers different settings
 I love this toy !!! `` Santa '' brought this for my son -LRB- then 3 months old -RRB- for Christmas . I was having a terrible time getting him to go down at night by himself , and the mobile in his crib just was n't doing the job . `` Santa '' brought this and it has been a lifesaver . It has several different settings and we 've switched from one to another over the last 5 weeks , and each setting becomes a short-time favorite . Currently , the ocean waves setting is a winner . Last week , it was the lulabies that did the trick.Things I loved about this : - The lights - The variety of settings for different `` sounds '' - The ability to change the volumeThings I do n't like about this : - The battery life is relatively short - one month at most . - I wish that the fish and bubbles and light could all work together with the waves.Bottom line is that I loved this product so much that I intend to purchase it for everyone I know who is having a baby .
 I bought this toy for my first daughter to help soothe her to sleep and it worked incredibly . I loved it . As she got older and could turn it on herself I would n't even have to get up to help her back to sleep , she would turn the aquarium on herself and go back to sleep . We took it with her from her crib to her bed to provide a familiar comfort in a strange new environment . I think it was a key reason why the transition went to smoothly . Her Grandmother bought one as well so when we came to the States to visit she would feel at home . It was always a real comfort to her at bedtime . At two she still uses it , she turns it on to sing to the songs it plays . I have purchased another one for my second daughter as well . I recommend this to everyone !
 We 've had this since our baby was 10 days old & she has loved it since day 1 . She stares at her fish , bubbles & lights & falls asleep to it . She seems to like the music also . The batteries last a long time & it was easy to attatch to her crib railings . A great baby item at a low price !
 I have purchased this item for more than one baby and our grandchildren have this on their crib . It is a soft sounding , delightful entertainment source for little ones .
 Emma loves the ocean sounds . She uses it at grammys house when she visits . We origionally bought it for our house , but because of the rails on her crib at home , it would n't fit properly and would slide around . Design flaw I guess . I like the fact that it has several different settings . Now ... they could up it a notch and add a remote control . ; -RRB-
 For the past month , my 10 month old daughter has been waking up many times during the middle of the night screaming and crying like carzy . My husband and I have missed a ton of sleep . She did n't need anything , except attention . Since we took her mobile out of the crib at 5 months and she has absolutely nothing else in her crib -LRB- I am very scared of SIDS -RRB- , we tried this after all the good reviews on here . She loves it ! She immediately figured out how to turn it off and on and it has helped some ! She is still a little cranky , but we have had this for a week and so far so good !
 I got this for my son after he outgrew his mobile . He really likes it and is able to turn it on himself when he wakes up in the morning . Anytime he is taking a nap or when it 's bedtime , I close the shade and turn on this aquarium . It helps to lull him to sleep . My only complaint is the straps are not long enough . I had to put them on the side of my crib instead of down from the top railing . Also the water seems to get dark and cloudy after a while .
 I got this item to help our day care get my son to take a nap . He gets so involved in what is going on around him that he does n't want to sleep . We bought this and ever since then he has fallen asleep instantly when it is turned on .
 Our 11-month old baby LOVES this toy ! She entertains herself with it upon awakening from sleep for at least 10 minutes ! It has been one of her favorite things since she was about 3 months old . I would definately recommend this as a wonderful first toy !
 Our son is 13 months old and has enjoyed the Aquarium since he was 1 month old . It is suitable for young infants -LRB- soothing sights -RRB- as well as older babies -LRB- who can start/stop the action and manipulate two small dials -RRB- . Our son often uses the Aquarium after we put him into his crib for the night , as a way of soothing himself and getting ready for sleep . We highly recommend it -- we think the Aquarium is probably his best toy yet . Buy it !
 My 4 month old finally slept through the night last night . He woke around 1:00 am and he kicked the aquarium and the music came on and he went back to sleep . I thought it just a fluke he turned it on , but then when I went to check on him at 6:00 am , shocked he had finally slept all night , he had turned it on again ! He loves the lights and sounds and it really has soothed him and been great .
 Our daughter has quite a few `` ocean wonders '' toys and she seems to really enjoy them . This crib toy -LRB- and she has 4 of them -RRB- is her favorite thing . She likes the music that plays and the lights . If she wakes up in the middle of the night and wants to play I turn this on and usually she will fall asleep staring at it . Plus the button for baby to push is big so she turns it on by herself all the time , whether by design or accident -LRB- I prefer to think by design -RRB-
 This toy has a hypnotic effect on your little one . My only regret is that we did n't start using it until my daughter was about 4 mos . It is perfect when you need to distract your infant for just a few moments while you wash your hands or get bath supplies together . It will stop tears flowing instantly . When she wakes up I hear her prattling with the toys -LRB- she has n't learned how to start the music herself yet -RRB- . She is now 6 mos and it still works like a charm . Definitely a crib toy worth purchasing .
 The music on this is so soothing , and the lights fading in and out are nice too . I 'd skip the swimming fish as that just eats the batteries up !! And it has a volumn control !!
 This product is wonderful ! It sure helps my son rest comfortably with a variety of music . We received this when he was a newborn and he is now 2.5 years old and still loves it . We keep it right next to his twin bed so he can turn it on whenever he wants and since he knows how to change the music he is in control of what he wants to hear .
 Helps put my son back to sleep ! He 's used it since he was 8 months and has used it every night ... he 's now 2.5 yrs old ! LOVE IT !
 This is the second Ocean Wonders Aquarium I have bought . My son took the first one for his second child 's crib . My first grandson wo n't go to sleep without the Ocean Wonders Aquarium playing its soothing music ! It is the best !! I wish I had one for my four children in the ' 70 's !!
 Put this one on your baby registry . We tried the mobile thing and they were all a disappointment . This was in Hannah 's crib from the time she was three months old until we passed it on to another baby when she was 18 months old . A great buy for the time it can be used and the price . It has many adjustments including sound and sights . Very soothing and easy to listen to through the baby monitor .
 my God-daughter got this toy when she was 3 months . . she is now 4 and still has to have it on everynight so she can go to sleep . not that i am expecting i will have to get my own since i know this is one thing she isnt going to let go of anytime soon
 We used this toy instead of a mobile for our first child and at 18 months he still loves it .
 I purchased one for my now six year old when he was born and he loved it . So when we were expecting again it was a must have . My 1yr4mnth still does n't go a night without it ... my parents even bought one for there house so when we visit bedtimes are a breeze ! We are now expecting our third and we will be getting another one !!! It has been worth every $ $ $ $ $ . This crib toy is highly recommended .
 our daughter wakes up in the morning and reaches for it . It keeps her entertained while we ready to get her up out of her crib . She also falls to sleep with it ! We had the older version for our first child and she also loved her `` fishies '' . I plan on giving it to our little neighbor for her 1st birthday !
 My child sleeps in his crib in my bedroom and thank God because this toy is sooo relaxing for all of us . I get the same relaxation from being in a Spa in N.Y.C. . The music is so calming , it takes you away to a secluded beach and I guess it takes him away to a secluded WOMB !!!
 This was one of the first gifts I received when I was pregnant , and now my son is one year old & still likes to play w / it . It helps him to sleep when he wakes up in the middle of the night . He knows how to activate it himself now , so when he 's up for the morning he turns it on and off about a half dozen times , and LOVES to make the starfish spin , and open & shut the clams mouth . It is a very sturdy toy & it 's great on batteries .
 My son loves his Ocean Wonders Aquarium . He plays with it when he wakes up in his crib and laughs and screams at it . He enjoys it immensely . A must have !
 Every baby loves this thing . I get it for everyone I know with a new baby !
 I get this for everyone I know who has a new baby !
 This is a very cute toy that attaches very easily to cribs . Has different types of music , and baby can activate by kicking or pushing the front button . Bubbles and lights capture babies eye . A friend has a 2 year old son who still loves this toy !
 I put this on my baby registry and received it as a shower present . It 's been a wonderful addition to the nursery . The various different sound options worked wonders to soothe my infant son . Now that he 's six months old he plays with it , turning the music on and off at his leisure and making the clam and starfish move . He loves to turn it on and off with his feet especially . I agree that once it is installed on the crib that the crib bumper does n't quite fit properly , but the fun that my son has had with it and the soothing nights and naps are fully worth it .
 The fisher price aquarium is one of the best toys you can buy for your baby my baby loves to watch the fishes and the bubbles in the aquarium hes only 3 months we got this toy for him when he was 2months and still he laughs and babbles for hours when in his crib looking at the aquarium .
 My baby did n't get into this toy until he was about 8 mos . old or so . . but when he did , he LOVED it . At night , he can turn it on by himself and the light really comforts him . He is now able to play with the little levers , too .
 This is the first toy that my son really responded to . In the middle of the night he was fussy and not wanting to sleep . I turned this on with the lights , music and bubbles and he went right to sleep . He prefers the bubble setting . The only thing I would like to see is adjustable time frames for each setting . Occasionally I have to turn it on twice but it is so worth it . He just loves it !
 I was skeptical about buying the aquarium for my one and a half month old , but she loves music so I gave it a shot . We tried it at bed time and much to my surprise , she not only loves it , but it puts her right to sleep ! If you 're even considering trying this toy , buy it !!
 I DID RECIEVE THIS FOR A BABY SHOWER GIFT IN 2002 MY SON IS NOW 3 1/2 AND IN A TODDLER BED AND STILL USES IT TO PLAY WITH AND LISTEN TO THE MUSIC WHEN HE WANTS QUIET TIME . I HAVE HAD A SECOUND SON IN 2003 AND WANTED THIS FOR HIS CRIB BUT MY SON WOULD NOT GIVE IT UP SO I HAD TO GO OUT AND BUY ANOTHER ONE FOR HIM , HE IS A LITTLE OVER 2 AND ALSO IN A TODDLER BED AND ENJOYS THIS AS WELL . I FEEL IT 'S NOT ONLY FOR A CRIB BUT TO BE ENJOYED BY YOUR TODDLERS .
 This is a really great crib toy . I bought my first ocean wonders aquarium several years ago . It was the old version . After my third child , it stopped making bubbles . So , when my 4th baby was born , I bought this for him . It 's so great . It straps securely onto my crib , and has four modes , off , on with music , bubbles , lights and the fish move , and and on with lights and music without lights . The noises and bubbles are really soothing , and I like the volume control . The lights are really cool , they light up like a little light show and it 's really fun for my baby to watch . Everynight , my fourth child would watch the fish float around listen to the bubbles . There 's also a knob you can push that changes from bubbles to music , to chose which you would like . The front has a blue button that the baby pushes to make the it turn on , a rolly ball that controls a clam that opens and closes it 's mouth , and an orange button that goes up and down to make a star spin.Since my fourth child , I 've had a set of twins and recently another baby . They have all responded really well to this toy . My newest baby is 2 months old and he will watch this during naptime and before he goes to sleep . I remember when the other kids were younger , they would play with this toy in the morning or night instead of waking me up right away . In fact , my kids found it so soothing , that my 3 year old sleeps with hers on her toddler bed and my 2 year old and 1 year old twins have them still in their cribs ! They work great !
 my daughter is one and has been using this since birth , she just cant be without it !! she loves that she can control it on her own and has been for quite some time . it makes bedtime a joy !
 I love this item !!! Our 9 week old daughter has been miserable all day from getting shots , but the aquarium has totally soothed her through 2 naps and at bedtime . We 're trying to move her from our room into her own room and so far the transition is going very smoothly with the aquarium to entertain her . The lights are very gentle on her eyes and the sound of the bubbles is relaxing , to say the least.I resisted buying it at first because it is `` kid-ish '' and would clash with her nursery , but at this point , I do n't even care ! To get these results of self-soothing and sound sleep , I would deal with something ten times as garish.I do have two small complaints that kept me from giving it a full 5 stars . There is no remote , which would make it a lot easier for parents to activate without risking waking the baby . And there is no option for lights/bubbles only . In order for the lights to work , the sound must be on . Granted , the volume control goes very low and the various sound choices are nice , but a mute option would be great.All in all , I am more than thrilled with this purchase and I am going to recommend it to all of my friends .
 When our daughter was a newborn , the Ocean Wonders Aquarium helped her to drift off each night . The music , lights and bubbles lulled her to sleep peacefully.This was one of the best shower gifts we got !
 Our 5 month old son loves this toy ! He enjoys the moving fish and bubbles . I like the fact that the light is so dim on it ... helping to create a peaceful , bedtime environment . This is a must have for any parent .
 My 6 month old son loves this aquarium . We hear him in the mornings turning it off and on . He loves to watch it light up and play lullabies when he 's sleepy . Definitely recommend it !
 my son got this ocean wonders aquarium as a babyshower gift and I used it right away he fell asleep listing to the soothing music it is a great thing to have now he 's a year old he can turn the ocean wonders auarium on and off when he want 's to hear it . I would rate the ocean wonders aqarium a 5 star for helping me get my son to sleep .
 Shortly after I was born , this was my favorite toy . I could just spend all kinds of time staring at it , it was even better than my mobile . Now I still think it 's pretty neat , but it 's not as good . After a couple of months , the bubbles stopped working . No matter what my daddy tried , he could n't get them to start up again . Now that I 'm older , I can set it off with my feet , something I ca n't do with my mobile . So a good toy , I just wish it had held up better .
 My 6 month old son absolutely LOVES this toy . The lights and music soothe him to sleep just about every night . If your baby is almost asleep dont turn on the bubbles . They are kind of noisy . I turn the bubbles on in the morning while he is waiting for me to get ready for the day ! He received it at 4 months old and at first he just stared at it , but now he plays with the starfish and clam , and turns the music on and off , on and off , on and off ... a must have for your little one !
 My newborn daughter loves this aquarium . I turn it on when I lay her in her crib and she watches it and smiles . It always soothes her to sleep . It was a great purchase and I highly recommend it .
 This toy always soothes my baby . She loves to watch the bubbles and she loves the music . Her favorite noise is the ocean waves . She looks and smiles at it when she hears the waves crashing down . She is 10 months old now and still is intrigued by it.P.S . All the other Ocean Wonders toys are just as great !
 This is a VERY durable little aquarium . . My girl 's love to lay on their backs and kick it . . The music is n't the best , but it 's very colorful and the lights and bubbles REALLY keep them mesmorized . The buttons on the front are easy for baby to cut the aquarium on and off , and the moving starfish and clam keeps them interested .
 This aquarium has proven to be the best crib toy we bought . Baby loves the songs and bubbles . At about 4 months she could turn in on herself , and at about 5 months she figured out how to spin the starfish and open the clam 's mouth . I love that the volume is very adjustable and that the songs are easy to listen to . We did have one scare with the toy though . At about 2 months Baby was napping and got her head caught between the aquarium and the mattress . Luckily no injuries , just a scare .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was less than 2 months old . We have the Aquarium Swing and the bouncer and she always fell asleep in it . We had trouble putting her to sleep in her crib when we came home from my mothers . I thought because she loved the swing and bouncer and had no problems sleeping she would like this and boy was I right ! She watched the fish swim around and the bubbles go up and absolutely loves the music . Every time we laid her down to go to sleep at night and turned it on , she fell asleep in no time . This is a GREAT `` toy '' . She 's not old enough to roll the ball to make the oyster move or pull on the lever to flip the star , but she still loves it ! I gave it 3 stars for education because aside from the above 2 mentioned things ... there really is no educational value to it .
 My 2 and a half month daughter loves this . She loves the sounds that it makes and loves to look at it . I love it too because the noise that it makes is not annoying . It 's relaxing and soothing and before long my daughter is off to sleep . I 'm glad that I have it and also would recommend the aquarium bouncy chair and the aquarium bowl/toy . All are great !!!
 My daughter loved this aquarium from when we took her home from the hospital . Music and sounds were very soothing to her . She is now 3 months old and loves it even more . She loves to look at the bubbles and the lights . She loves the different sounds and songs . Only thing that I would change on this is that it should stay on a bit longer . Music can stay on 10 minutes but with the bubbling it only stays on 5 minutes so you are constantly hitting the button to turn it on . Overall this is wonderful and I highly recommend it for your baby .
 My daugther got this as a christmas gift when she was 8 months old , and has used it everynight since . -LRB- She is now 14mos . -RRB- She can turn it on and off herself , change the music , and make the starfish move . It seems to have struck the perfect balance between soothing and entertaining . It helps her fall asleep at night and she wakes up happy , and has been known to play with for 15 minutes before wanting out of bed . No nursery is complete with out this !!!
 My daughter got this for Christmas when she was 8 monthes old , and has used it every night since ! She can turn it off and on her self , loves pointing out the fishy , and watching the bubbles . It has made putting her down for a nap and to bed much easier , and she will play with for 15 minutes when she wakes up . No nursery could possibly be complete without this !
 We bought this for for 6 month old daughter when she started pulling herself up in the crib . I found that this does not sooth my daughter to sleep and instead when she hears it it wakes her up and she wants to push the buttons . However , she does play with it when she wakes in the morning which gives us parents some more sleep . Infact often I do n't even realise she is awake until I hear the music and bubbles from this toy .
 I read the reviews here and went straight to eBay to buy the older version of this crib soother . It was not better . I have them side by side right now , the old model is louder and just not interesting . When you run a motor in a silent room with a baby , anything will sound loud . The sound of mom 's blood rushing around while in utero is much louder than either of these aquariums and the motor sound adds to the white noise soothing of this toy.DS liked the old aquarium but the fish would always get stuck . I fianlly gave up and got the new model . Wish I would ahve gotten this first . He LOVES it . I love that the volume adjusts and there are three options for lights/music . The fish do n't move as much -LRB- distance -RRB- as the older model and since the lights come on in different sections , the fish can be hard to see sometimes . That diminishes the mesmerizing effect.This is still a great toy to have by the crib to help your little one go to sleep without being put to sleep by a parent . There is room for improvement . Still , I would n't give ours up for the world . It lets me put a sleepy but protesting baby down and he 's asleep within minutes .
 I love this aquarium ! Yes , the motor is very loud . However , I do n't keep it in the crib with my daughter . Instead , it 's on her changing table . She is seven months old now and has always loved it . Now she turns toward it every time she gets her diaper changed and plays with the roller ball or the on/off button . And she points at the starfish when I make it spin . I agree that it is too loud for the crib . But it 's a great distraction during diaper-changing time ! Five stars !
 My twin boys have loved this crib toy since they were only a couple months old . They are 19 months old now and they still enjoy it . When they were tiny , they found the lights , music and bubbles to be soothing . Now they enjoy turning it on and off , changing the volume , changing the tunes , etc. .
 My daughter can be lulled to sleep after listening to the music and watching the fish . I have only 2 complaints - the music will only play for 5 minutes , then I have to restart it and the batteries have to be replaced too quickly . Thank God for rechargables .
 My son who is now 9 months loves the aquarium . I bought it for him a couple of months ago . The music helps to lull him to sleep and in the morning he loves to watch the fish and the bubbles . I just wish I had bought it sooner !
 This toy is wonderful ! It came in extra handy in the middle of the night . Another great thing is that the Ocean Aquarium is so durable , that it made it through the first child who is 2 , and now I can use for our second . Worth the money .
 I received this as a shower gift and I , and the baby , really like it . He 's been interested in it since he 's first heard it . And now that he 's big enough to grab at it , he likes it even more . Sometimes I turn the volume all the way down and he 'll lay there and stare at the bubbles . Two drawbacks though , it uses up the batteries pretty quick , -LRB- 3-4 weeks -RRB- , and it does n't have a continuously play option .
 When I need my son to fall back asleep after a nighttime feeding , I turn this on and he watches it amazed . Sometimes I have to turn it on 2 or 3 times since the music only lasts 5 minutes . It is worth it though , he is quiet and watches it intently . It soothes him and he falls back to sleep easily .
 I love this toy and so does my son ! He enjoys watching the bubbles and hearing the music . I do agree i wish it stayed on longer but I 'm always near by so I can turn it back on again ! My son even learned to sit up while watching the fish I recommend this toy to every new born and older I 'm so glad I got it as a shower gift
 Our son received this as a gift for his first Christmas when he was only 6 months old . That night we placed it in his crib . We do n't know how we lived without it . When he was little , the lights , music , bubbles , and swimming fish soothed him to sleep . He was just mesmerized . Before this toy was added to his crib , he cried every time we put him in . With this toy his crib became a fun and friendly place.He is now almost 15 months old and still loves this toy . I can put him in his crib to hang clothes or clean his room and he just plays away . In the morning when he wakes up he turns on the music himself and we can hear the starfish flipping in circles through the baby monitor . He has even learned how to change from the music to the stream or water sounds . He happily plays for 30 minutes or more before we get up and get him out of his crib . Now what parent of a young child could n't use a little extra time in bed ! . : - -RRB- This is now the baby gift I buy for every new mom .
 Dissapointed by a mobile that did n't fit the crib my wife and I purchased this wonderful toy . Our little girl right away took to it . Laughing and giggling when it was playtime and used it to fall asleep when it was bedtime . I would recommend this toy to anyone . if it was stock i would surely grab a whole of some . . LOL . . Great toy !!!!
 I received this as a gift at my baby shower and it 's been in my sons crib from the first night he slept in it . It attaches very easliy . He loves to look at it and loves the music . It keeps him entertained if I 'm busy straightening his room up or making his bottle . I have n't tried putting him to sleep with it but I 'm sure it would do the job . He gets very relaxed looking at it and hearing the soothing sounds . It also has a button on it to change the different sounds . A friend of mine has the same one for her son and he loves it too . I makes a great gift .
 I received this as a shower gift for my second child . We still had the older model we bought for my 2 1/2 - year old son when he was a baby . However , he still plays with it ; so we registered for this one . The newer model is good because it has the front button to make it easier for the child to use by him/herself -- my son did not figure out how to turn on his until he was well over a year old -- the only way to turn it on were small buttons and knobs on the side . I also like the strobe light effect on the newer model . The older model , however , had a light that would shine on the ceiling and fish that swam around in circles -- features that I was disappointed to find were not included on the new one . It also seems that the older one stays on a bit longer that the new one . Lastly , this version takes `` D '' batteries , which are more expensive than `` C '' batteries that the older model takes . We keep it on the bubble sounds with her lullaby CD playing in the background . We do not use the actual music feature on this toy -LRB- nor do we use the music on any other toys/mobiles -RRB- because the `` canned '' music is more annoying than soothing . Overall , I think that this is a good product . It looks good on the side of the crib and keeps my daughter entertained when she does not want to fall asleep . However , if you want an even better product , it might just be worth the effort to scour garage sales and resale shops for the older model .
 We LOVE this toy ! MY son thinks its great and since his crib is in our room it even relaxes us after a long day ! My only complaint is that the air bubbles are a bit loud . It might be just mine and i think my hubby is going to take it back and see if its just a bit defective . even if its not its still wonderful to fall asleep to !
 I got this toy for my son as a gift for his first christmas ... he loves it . he watches the fishes and likes to turn it on and off ... and likes to play with the toys on it ... . i have read the other reviews of this toy . people get a life ... . yes this toy uses up batteries fast ... but so do tv remotes , portable radio / cassette players and clock radios even the baby moniters use up alot of batteries -LRB- anything u use alot will run out of juice fast . -RRB- and if your are worried about the batteries running out then buy them in bulk like we do ... u can get D batteries in bulk at Sams Club or Costco.i do think that this toy is worth the money . i have no complaints on this toy .
 We bought this toy for our baby who just turned 1 . She loves it , she can push the button to start the music and play with the two levers.The one thing I do n't like about it is we 've had it a little over a year now and the water seems to be evaporating from inside . When I called Fisher Price they said there was no way to refill the water . I wish there was a way , because its dropped down about an inch from the top .
 We bought this toy for our baby 's crib before we brought adopted him from abroad . This has been a staple in his crib -LRB- along with his little stuffed doggy :--RRB- since then . He 's about 12 months now and he is still enjoying pushing the big button in the front to make it go . It has three different songs , and a setting that cycles through all of them one at a time . It also has a setting that is just ocean sounds with lights . You can even turn the bubbles on and off . Very durable toy and worth the money !
 Our baby is 2.5 months old , and she likes to look at it . It 's a pretty cool thing to have on the crib . We hope she will be able to enjoy more as she will get older !
 My son is a year old now and has loved this toy for months . The greatest thing about this toy is that it is a helpful part of our bedtime -LRB- even naps -RRB- routine . He knows that once Mommy plays the tune and puts him in the crib , it 's time to sleep . It 's also one of the things he likes to play with before Mommy comes to take him out of the crib . I would n't want to be without it !
 My daughter loved this crib toy so much that we bought one to put in her crib at daycare . She could turn it off and on herself at about two months old . She loves all the ocean wonders toys and enjoys listening to the soothing music and ocean sounds . This is a must have for all new babies .
 My son loved it til about 18months !!! It is very soothing for baby !!! The on ; y problem was that the batteries did n't last very long !!!!
 My peaceful planet was a gift , but it came broken , so I never got to enjoy the full functioning version . Fisher price sent me this one as the replacement for the broken one . Baby loves it . She can operate the simple controls on the front by herself . The peaceful music and water sounds always help her to fall asleep . I 'll even hear her stir in the middle of the night , turn on the ocean wonders , and fall back to sleep peacefully . It is definately more durable than the peaceful planet without the turning mechanism that breaks .
 I have a two year old and a two month old . So I also have both Aquarium models . There are things I like about both of them . With this model I like the music more it seems to put them more at ease . The other model had ocean and womb sounds though that this one did n't . The other model also displayed the lights on the ceiling of the nursery . Which my son seemed to like alot . Although this model has a fade affect which seems to also hold my newbies interest quite well . All in all I do enjoy this model I just wish they would take the best from both and combine them . So you did n't have to get them both . P.S. I also like the fact that this model has toys that move when baby touches them and the fact that it is much bigger than the other model .
 Our six-week old daughter loves this toy , and has enjoyed it since birth . We turn it on every night to sooth her to sleep , and it has helped her learn to sleep in her crib since she was less than a week old . The music is soothing and not cloying , and there are various music options if one tune becomes tiresome . The only reason I did not give this product a 5 is that the music and lights only last for 5 minutes . This means that I have to go back into the nursery every 5 minutes and turn it back on until she falls asleep -LRB- at least until she is old enough to push the button to turn it on herself -RRB- . A number of reviewers complained about the loud motor noise . There is definitely a motor noise from this product , but I think it merely provides `` white noise '' that does not detract from the soothing nature of the music and lights display . The only other comment I have is that there is a little bit of condensation inside the aquarium , but not enough to obstruct the view of the fish .
 Our daughter was born premature , once she was old enough to have toys in her hospital room this was one of the first ones we bought . She adores the music and loves to watch the fish swim . It has an amazing calming effect on her , it relaxes her and even helps her to breath better . Her nurses love it too !! The music is great , twinkle twinkle little star is her favorite . Parents wont get tired of this toy . Its a must for any crib even a hospital one .
 My daughter , now 3 months old , has enjoyed this aquarium from the very beginning . The music is soothing , and in the past few weeks I 've noticed her turning her head to watch the lights and the fish . We use this as part of her `` sleep '' routine - she almost always goes to sleep shortly after the aquarium is turned on . Occasionally , we 'll need to reset it to play again , but this is convenient since you only need to press one button on the front . We bought this for ourselves , but it would be an excellent baby gift for anybody .
 My daughter recieved this toy as a gift for christmas and she absolutely loves it ! The bubbles and ocean sounds are very soothing . Also , it has lighting that is similar to what a night light would be . The moving fish also keep her occupied along with the calming music with volume adjustment.This item is great because you can push the button to start it when you lay your child down for a nap and after about 5 minutes it automaticlly shuts itself off .
 I love this toy because of the ocean theme . I am a big ocean fan and found this toy mesmerizing for me as well as my 4 month old . I wish they had more tunes to play but I can get over that only because of the ocean scene . I hope that my 4 month old continues enjoying it like my 2.5 yr and I do .
 I like this toy most because it is something different without the usually clinky music that most baby toys play . My son loves it and I do believe it helps him fall asleep as he has fallen asleep on his own every night since we have started playing it for him . My only complaint is that it only plays for seven minutes . Maybe next time FP could make it with a remote so you do n't have to lean over the crib and push the button to get it going again ... defeats the purpose cause the baby sees you and gets worked up again .
 My daughter just turned 6 months old and she loves this toy . I hear it go on in the middle of the night because she learned how to kick it on with her little feet , she does n't wake up usually but when she does she kicks it on and soothes herself back to sleep . THANK YOU FISHER PRICE !!!!
 Just got this for my one month old and she looked at it and looked at it till she went to seep . HEAVEN for me but ... . I do n't like that it shuts off after 5 or 10 minutes and I am not able to adjust the time . I have to go in her room and turn it back on for her and it 's a bit of a pain.I am sure that when she get s a little older and she will be able to turn it on heself it will be better.This is really the only flaw I see with it .
 We have twins and we like that we have lots of different options with this toy - it can have lights and bubbles when they are in their crib for a little play time or just soft music when it 's bedtime . Plus - the water sounds like waves of the ocean really ease our babies into bedtime .
 We received the ocean wonder aquarium as a shower gift and I do n't know what we would do without it . When we put our daughter to bed , we turn it on and she falls right asleep . This is a must have for the crib !
 My baby loves these fish . Originally I had the older Fisher Price aquarium , but they recently `` died . '' I ordered the newer version as fast as I could . As soon as my little one starts to stir , I can turn them on , and she will fade back into sleep . The only drawback I can see is that they take 4 size D batteries which seems like a lot to me for a little toy . All in all though , it is worth it for me to get a few extra zzzzzs !
 My boy is almost 2 years old and he still uses this toy to help himself fall back asleep if he wakes up in the night . The large on/off button on the front makes it easy for them to find it at night . Plays several sounds . It does use up batteries but it 's worth it if it keeps him sleeping!The only thing that I would add to this toy is a timer or a remote so that if you are using it to help baby fall asleep you could set it so it would n't turn off in 2 or so minutes like normal .
 My baby -LRB- now 11 mos old -RRB- has had this since birth and let me tell you , it 's SO much easier to just turn this on to get him to go back to sleep rather than pick him up and wake him more ... the sounds are so soothing they even put me to sleep and I can only hear them through the baby monitor ! Now my baby is old enough to turn it on himself by touching the BIG button on the front . He loves to watch the fish `` swim '' around and the lights dance around the room .
 My seventeen month old has had this on the side of her crib since day one . For months now , whenever she wakes up before us , she hits the music key until we come in and get her . She loves watching the fish bobble around , the lights glowing on and off softly , and _ I _ love the different music options buttons on the top ! This would help keep the toy from playing the same monotonous songs repeatedly , but they 're so unique that even repeated , they 're not obnoxious . There 's also a volume switch and a switch that allows you -LRB- or your little one ! -RRB- to change the visuals from no motion to glowing lights to bubbling , softly lit aquarium . The ONLY drawback I 've found to this toy is that the batteries wear out pretty quickly . Other than that , it has been the best -LRB- and most used -RRB- toy in her room . Definitely worth purchasing !!!
 My 1 yr . old son received this for Christmas and he loves it . Whenever he wakes up in the middle of the night , he turns it on & plays with it for a few minutes , then goes right back to sleep . It really is a lifesaver for parents who want to get some sleep at night !
 We got the aquarium as a shower gift and my baby has loved it since she came home from the hospital ! We use it several times a day . She is now 6 months old and turns it on herself . We still have the original batteried in it !
 I have a very fussy 2 month old baby . He was very hard to put down to sleep in his crib until I got the Aquarium . Now he stares at it until he drifts off . My only problem with this Aquarium is that the coolest feature - the one with the lights and bubbles - has an automatic shut off of 5 minutes ! It takes alot more than 5 minutes for my fussy baby to get settled and drift off . Using lights only has an automatic shut off of 10 minutes which is better but just not as cool as the bubbles . I wish Fisher Price would allow parents to set an automatic shut off time ... otherwise it 's a great product and I will just have to continue sneaking into my son 's room to reset the Aquarium .
 I bought this for my third baby . Two babies later it still works . The kids still like to push it and watch the fish go round and round and the bubbles . It is a great baby toy .
 We loved this toy . My daughter was nearly 8 months when we bought it for her and it was the perfect thing for in her crib . She is now almost three and it is still a big part of her night time routine . She is disappointed if I neglect to change the batteries in a timely manner . Because the only one thing I can say that is bad about this toy is that it uses a lot of batteries . Some mornings when she wakes up I can hear her in her room listening to the aquarium . I am very excited to try the ocean 's wonder swing for my next baby . I already know that I can not hand down the aquarium I will simply just have to buy another .
 There are not too many toys to choose for crib entertainment that offer both night time and day time stimulation . We original received an Aquarium for each crib -LRB- we have triplets -RRB- . We returned one thinking that we would buy a different ones so we could rotate the toys between the three cribs . We Bought a Leap Pad Touch and Tug Discovery Book , but it is only good for day time play . No lights . So we ended up with 2 Aquariums and one Touch and Tug book and have not been disappointed.The Aquarium gives your child a soothing way to fall asleep and when he awakes whether it be from a nap during the day or at night , he can activate the Aquarium and put him self back to sleep or entertain him self.It straps on to the side of the crib and had some height adjustment . It does not hang near the bottom of the crib , it is more of a top rail toy.You can set the Aquarium to do many different things . The best thing is that it does have volume adjustment . You can set it to soft or loud . I believe that there is 4 different song settings , river flowing , raining and waves . You can also have bubbles and lights or none . It allows you to choose what you want , whether it just be lights and no bubbles or bubbles and no lights.When my boys are having a bad night , I set it to one of the water sounds and that usually soothes them to sleep.As your child gets older he will be able to interact with it more . There is the large push button in the front that allows the child to turn it on and off . This was a very exciting night when my son learned how to turn it on and off . Of course all night long we had to listen to it go on and off , no very soothing , but entertaining . There is a little level on the right side that when they pull it down it makes the star fish spin . There is a ball on the left side that when they roll it the Clam opens his mouth to revel a pearl.Now that my babies can stand they love playing with the switches and dials in the back . We never know what will happen when they turn it on later.This a great toy for the crib . It combines music and lights to create a soothing environment .
 My 6 month old has been playing with this toy for quite some time . She wakes me up in the morning by kicking it on and off . I suggest putting it on the side of the crib rather than the ends . It 's just so cute to watch her kick it on and off and best of all it keeps her from crying .
 Our baby was fascinated with this almost right from the start . When we transitioned him from the cradle in our room to his crib @ 4 mos . we 'd turn it on right away when we laid him down in the crib . He would n't fuss that we were leaving him in the crib - he was too wrapped up in the Ocean Wonders.Older babies can turn it on themselves easily too -LRB- which he does now @ 7mos - sometimes . -RRB- The batteries are just starting to wear down after 3 mos . + of nightly use.We 'd consider this an ESSENTIAL for a new baby & a PERFECT shower gift !
 This toy has lasted through my 2 year old nephew & my 3 month old son ... I do n't even know where to begin on how great it is ! It has 3 setting light bubbles & music , light & music , & just music ... the just music setting is GREAT for nighttime ` cuz sometimes it 's hard for a baby to fall asleep in total silence & it 's better they get used to sleeping with noise ! I love everything about this aquarium all the great songs & sounds of the ocean so soothing it could put me to sleep ! :-RRB- & it 's so durable like I said it lasted through 2 children & my nephew STILL loves to play with it ... a great purchase & i 'm sure it will last through my son & hopefully my next baby & next baby & so on !
 My son is six months old and enjoys his aquarium . Although I do n't use any of his crib toys as `` sleep props '' -LRB- things that are necessary in order for him to fall asleep -RRB- , the bubbles and gentle music are often our morning notice that he has awakened . I like that he feels safe enough and comfortable enough to entertain himself using this toy when he 's playing in his crib during the day or before his bath . He especially enjoys turning the music on and off with his toes and likes to spin the ball and open the clam with his fingers . The volume switch is nice because it has a good range . I would caution that if your child is able to roll over that one should be mindful that it is easy for baby to bump his head .
 I 've now been using this for 10 months and just ca n't imagine NOT having it . My daughter always watched it but at about 3 1/2 months , when I laid her down she automatically turned to see it . This has progressed as she has . Once she figured out her feet could reach it , she amused herself when she woke up from naps . Once she was able to sit up , she rolled the ball , pushed the lever and turned it on and off and on and off ... Now , if it shuts off before she 's ready for it to , she just turns it back on and lays back down to watch.It 's a god-send at 3am when she wakes up and wants to eat , I turn it on before I go warm a bottle and it relaxes her until I return . Once she has the bottle in-hand , she rolls over and watches the bubbles & lights and it slowly lulls her back to sleep .
 Our son loves the aquarium . He is now 3.5 months old , but has loved the music and soft light since he was about 3 weeks . He has on occasion bumped into the large button and turned the music and bubbles on himself.Even if he is fussing before we put him to bed , he will stare entranced at the aquarium and calm down.I 've read that people think the bubbles are too loud , but our aquarium does n't seem to have this problem . The music has a good volume range and the light is muted enough not to keep baby up .
 This is just as good as everyone is saying it is . I put my 3 month old daughter in her crib and select the bubbles and music feature and she falls asleep in less than 10 minutes . Also , when she tosses and turns in the middle of the night , I just select the music feture and it soothes her right back to sleep . She loves to watch the fish and bubbles . Kids find the simplest things to entertain them , but hey you got ta love em ' !
 My daughter loves this aquarium ! She loves the ocean sounds and the sound of the raindrops . Sometimes it is the only way I can get her to fall asleep ! It is very calming !
 I originally had the 1st aquarium which I liked alot -LRB- because of the lights that would project on the ceiling -RRB- . But it would n't work right , I exchanged it & it still did n't work . So I bought this one , which I did n't initially like because of the colors . But now I love & so does my 15 month old . It 's great because she can turn it on herself & she does . I usually just leave it set to the lowest volume & just music in case she accidentally turns it on in the middle of the night .
 My son absolutely loves this toy ! He has been turning it off and on since he was about 6 weeks old . The music is a little spacey but he is mesmerized by the lights and bubbles . Recently he has started turning himself in his crib so he can turn it off and on with his feet and still watch the fish ! I would recommend this to anyone who 's having a baby .
 I first discovered this toy while watching a friend 's baby and vowed that when the time came I 'd buy one for my own child . Well , I did -LRB- months before Baby was born ! -RRB- and it has proven to be one of the best purchases that I have made for my baby so far -LRB- apparently others feel the same way because I received two more Ocean Wonders Aquariums as gifts before our baby 's arrival ! -RRB- Aside from mesmorizing infants with the lights and fish , the bubbling sound feature is perfect for baby 's relaxation and for lulling to sleep . The sound is perfect for nighttime feedings as well . An added bonus is that the bubbling noise also calms and relaxes my husband and me as we prepare our little one for bed -LRB- sometimes we find ourselves dozing off too ! -RRB- All in all , an absolutely great toy and wise purchase .
 This is a great toy . My son loves to look at it . . and usually falls asleep to it . He loves the sound with the bubbles . I highly recomment this product .
 This is a wonderful toy !! I suggest parents buy this one for their little one -LRB- s -RRB- . I received it at my baby shower , and I was so impressed with it . I tested it out , and it was so relaxing to my babies and me . You have an option to play music or nature sounds . You can also choose to have the aquarium light up or not . There is also a time limit on the sounds so it will automatically turn off after several minutes . There are little toys on the front that the baby can play with . What a variety of options for the baby !
 We bought this toy right after our daughter was born . From the first time we used till now our daughter loves it . We first used it to help her fall asleep at night and little by little she began to turn it on herself and now she is 15 monthes old and we still hear it come on during the night and in the morning and it puts her right back to sleep and she loves to change the music and watch the fish . This is the best and longest lasting toy we have .
 I got this as a gift and really like it . It is so soothing while hearing the music and the bubbles . I would recommend this and the bouncy chair .
 My son is 11 months old and he loves his aquarium . He is easily soothed to sleep by the music that it plays and often turns it on during the night when he wakes up in order to fall back asleep . I think he really looks forward to bedtime because of this toy !
 this little aquarium has kept my little girl asleep . she loves to fall asleep to the sounds of the ocean on this thing . it has truly been a wonderful accessory for my little one 's crib .
 My son has loved this aquarium since he was born . He 's gotten to the point that he wo n't go to sleep without it bieng on . It works great for naptime , bedtime and everything in between . I 'm surprised we have n't drained the batteries yet !
 This item came in very handy for those nights when my daughter would wake up and cry . She loves this aquarium and does n't mind sitting in her bed playing with it . I buy this for all my friends that are expecting .
 This has been one of our favorite baby products . My son loved it from day one . Now that he is eight months old , I can put him in the crib awake and he knows when the music turns off , it is time to go to sleep . When he wakes up in the morning , he will turn it on himself and will amuse himself for a few minutes.The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is even on the lowest setting , the music is a little loud . Now that I had to lower the crib mattress , I had to put the aquarium on the bottom and my son bumps into it in his sleep and turns it on . No way around this and its not too much of a problem , but sometimes it does wake him up and makes him cry . I still would n't consider taking it out or moving it out of reach .
 You can changes the music or ocean sounds , use the lights or turn them off . It really lulls my daughter to sleep . The only drawback was , the music/sounds do n't play for very long . I usually have to hit the button a few times before she falls asleep .
 Our baby started sleeping in his crib at 7 weeks old , and was n't too interested in the aquarium then -LRB- he liked his mobile better -RRB- . Now that he 's 4 months old , he will gaze at it when we turn it on , and has accidently turned it on himself a couple of times . It 's helped him to fall asleep when he when he just wo n't close his eyes at bedtime .
